THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

54 GEORGE III. 1814.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1814.

[Price 1l. 11s. 6d. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

54 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War. Page 1

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 7

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two Millions by way of Annuities. 8

4. An Act to continue until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act of the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively. Ibid.

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 10

6. An Act to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons. 15

7. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. Page 16

8. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 17

9. An Act for fixing the Commencement and Termination of licences to be granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, or Grain in Scotland. 19

10. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively. 20

11. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making better Provision for Soldiers, to Serjeants of the Militia. 21

12. An Act to enable His Majesty to augment the Sixtieth Regiment to Ten Battalions, by Enlistment of Foreigners. 22

13. An Act for giving Effect to certain Engagements of His Majesty with the Emperor of all the Russias and the King of Prussia, for furnishing a Part of the pecuniary Succours for assisting His Majesty's said Allies, in supporting the Expences of the War with France. 23

14. An Act to provide that Property vested in the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery as such, shall, upon his Death, Removal or Resignation, vest from time to time in those who shall succeed to the Office. 26

15. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts, in His Majesty's Colony of New South Wales. 27

16. An Act to explain an Act of the Forty first Year of his present Majesty, for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 28

17. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City of London, out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War. 30

18. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 34

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Local Militia out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

20. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and to extend the Provisions thereof to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon. 36

21. An Act for charging an equalizing Duty on Scotch Salt brought to England. 37

22. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. Page 38

23. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. 39

24. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended. 45

25. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 48

26. An Act for repeating the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. 63

27. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 64

28. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. 65

29. An Act to charge an additional Duty of Customs on Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 91

30. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland. 92

31. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 93

32. An Act to amend the several Acts for preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 105

33. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, as amended by an Act of the Thirty sixth of His Majesty. 107

34. An Act for the Further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Faces within the Limits of the Charter of The East India Conmpany. 108

35. An Act to extend the Period for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 121

36. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Page 112

37. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. 150

38. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the London Militia to enlist into the Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and for completing the said Militia. 159

39. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 172

40. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Payment Of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine in certain Cases. Ibid.

41. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively. 173

42. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Punishment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in such Frames, and to make other Provisions instead thereof. 174.

43. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for extending the present Lines and Works, and for erecting other Works and Buildings at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, in the County of Southampton 175

44. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons. 201

45. An Act to continue the Period For purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London. 202

46. An Act for altering the Period during which Writs of Assistance shall remain in force. 203

47. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit. 204

48. An Act to revive and make perpetual certain Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of Certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the West Indies. Page 204

49. An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclusion of the War with the United States of America, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and Newfoundland. 205

50. An Act to amend so much of an Act of His present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duties payable on Salt exported. Ibid.

51. An Act to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. 206

52. An Act to revive and continue, during the Continuance of any Act imposing any Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cash, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

53. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as hare been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.207

54. An Act to discontinue Proceedings in certain Actions already commenced, and to prevent vexatious Suits against Spiritual Persons, under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty; and further to continue, until the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings under the said Act. Ibid.

55. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 212

56. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and other Things therein mentioned; and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts. 213

57. An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported are to be ascertained, and Substituting another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations as similar Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 215

58. An Act to continue, during the present Hostilities with the United States of America, an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom. Page 220

59. An Act to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used in carrying on the Slave Trade to be registered as British-built Ships. Ibid.

60. An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Cordage. 221

61. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office, to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation, now or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein. Ibid.

62. An Act to amend several Acts for erecting or establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hospitals. 223

63. An Act to amend several Acts for enabling His Majesty's Post-master General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin. 225

64. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain. 228

65. An Act to repeal certain Duties on French Goods imported into Great Britain, and on Foreign Hides exported to France, and to grant other Duties on French Goods so imported. 229

66. An Act to repeal the Duties on Teak Wood and other Ship Timber imported from the East Indies; and to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty, as exempts Captains of Vessels coming from the East Indies, from Penalties for having Foreign-made Sails. 230

67. An Act to allow Viva Voce Verdicts to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Justiciary of Scotland, in certain Cases; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Justiciary, in Civil Cases to a certain Amount. 231

68. An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes. 233

69. An Act to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, or receiving of Bounty. 241

70. An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Crown. 242

71. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva. 278

72. An Act for permitting a Trade between The United Provinces and certain Colonies now in His Majesty's Possession. 279

73. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. Ibid.

74. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 281

75. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Page 281

76. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities. Ibid.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

78. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth, and, Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, as respects the Removal of Wool, within a certain Distance of the Sea. 286

79. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 287

80. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Ibid.

81. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen certain new Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland; and to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the said Duties. Ibid.

82. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein. 308

83. An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Treasury; and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants, in Ireland. 221

84. An Act for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in England. 427

85. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland. 328

86. An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital. Ibid.

87. An Act to grant Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof. 352

88. An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland. 356

89. An Act for the Charge of the further Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 365

90. An Act to explain and extend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England; and for extending the said Act to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds. Page 368

91. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, as concerns the Time of appointing Overseers of the Poor. Ibid.

92. An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probate and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or Intestacy, in Ireland. 369

93. An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital. 424.

94. An Act to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer, in Scotland, who had resigned their Offices before the last Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts. 461

95. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Ireland, on the Resignation of their Offices. 462

96. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentices. 464

97. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; for granting an Excise Duty on Common Glass Bottles imported; and for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass. 465

98. An Act to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in France. 469

99. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. 470

100. An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported from Ireland are to be ascertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations, as similar Articles of the British Plantations; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

101. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Child Stealing. 475

102. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. Ibid.

103. An Act to grant until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported. Page 476

104. An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland, for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made, and Bridges built, in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 504

105. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the East Indies. 513

106. An Act to remove Doubts, as to the Allowance of Drawbacks upon Bibles and Books of Prayer to The King's Printers, under an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty. 514

107. An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Persons. 515

108. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, and for indemnifying Persons against Penalties for Offences committed against the said Acts. 517

109. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend and reduce into One Act, the Statutes now in force for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within England; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

110. An Act to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and to amend so much of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty as relates to Payments to Out Pensioners of the said Hospital residing in Ireland. 521

111. An Act to continue certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition; and the making, removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence. 525

112. An Act for the further Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in Ireland. 526

113. An Act to vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, Part of the Ground and Buildings now belonging to the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, for the erecting thereon a Repository for Public Records in Ireland. 527

114. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 529

115. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land; and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin. 532

116. An Act to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland; and to make other Premiums for Recovery of such Wages. 523

117. An Act to extend, so far as relates to the building of new Churches, an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for reviving and Amending an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act amending, continuing and making more effectual the several Acts now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of small Value; and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, so far only as the same relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks; and to encourage the building of new Churches. Page 536

118. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland. 537

119. An Act to repeal certain Duties upon Letters and Packets, sent by the Post within Ireland; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 540

120. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. 542

121. An Act to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on French Wine imported and on Spirits exported from the Warehouses; and authorizing the Repayment of the additional Duty in respect of French Wine found in Dealers' Stocks; and authorizing the Commissioners of Excise Duties to repay or remit Duties paid on Liquors lost by accidental staving before Landing. 554

122. An Act to alter the Mode of declaring the Value of Goods imported into or exported from Great Britain. 558

123. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. 561

124. An Act to permit the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth. 562

125. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes from the British Colonies in North America. 563

126. An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eighth Year of King George the First, for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, in the Kingdom of Portugal. Ibid.

127. An Act to permit the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth, without Stamps. 567

128. An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 568

129. An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties. 570

130. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. 676

131. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain Cases. Page 677

132. An Act to repeal the Duty payable in Ireland on certain Houses or Tenements under the annual Value of Ten Pounds. 684

133. An Act for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Insurance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto. Ibid.

134. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and to amend several Acts for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built; and for the better Maintenance and Care of Lascars and other Asiatic Seamen arriving in this Kingdom. 690

135. An Act to further explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland. 692

136. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light-houses to purchase the Island and Light of May, at the Entrance of the Frith of Forth; for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money towards that Purpose; and for amending several Acts in regard to the Northern Light-houses. 694

137. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 699

138. An Act to enable the Trustees appointed by An Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry, to carry the same into Execution. 730

139. An Act to rectify a Mistake in An Act of this Session of Parliament, for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities. 732

140. An Act to amend several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for granting certain Annuities. Ibid.

141. An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Duties payable in respect of killing of Game. 733

142. An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to the British Colonies in America, Guernsey, Jersey, Europe and Africa, without Payment of Duty. 734

143. An Act to repeal the Duties granted by An Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and for giving further Powers to the Commissioners appointed under the said Act. 733

144. An Act for better securing the Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances made in London, and for altering the Period for taking out Stamp Office Certificates by Attornies and others in England. 738

145. An Act to take away Corruption of Blood save in certain Cases. 742

146. An Act to alter the Punishment, in certain Cases, of High Treason. Ibid.

147. An Act for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licensed Hackney Coaches; for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Coaches; and for authorising the licensing of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots. Page 743

148. An Act for imposing an Excise Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs sold by the East India Company for Home Consumption. 749

149. An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally. 754

150. An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parishes, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 769

151. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General. 787

152. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the making, keeping and carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain 792

153. An Act to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland. 793

154. An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering mote effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.794

155. An Act to repeal an Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom in certain cases; and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Session of Parliament in lieu thereof. 808

156. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of Learning, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns. 817

157. An Act for the better Regulation of the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof. 823

158. An Act to continue, for One Year, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. 825

159. An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that Purpose. 826

160. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, during the Joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highness. 829

161. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purchase an Estate, in order to accompany the said Title, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke, then Marquis of Wellington. 842

162. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beresford, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Beresford shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 860

163. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Combermere, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Lord Combermere shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 862

164. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Exmouth, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Exmouth shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 865

165. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 867

166. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lynedoch, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Lynedoch shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 870

167. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money arisen or to arise from certain Duties granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 872

168. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation, made in exercise of certain Powers in Deeds, Wills and other Instruments. 885

169. An Act for making certain Regulations respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain. 886

170. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor; and to make other Provisions in relation thereto. 890

171. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures or remit or mitigate Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Customs or Excise, or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain. 894

172. An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers' Wash, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 895

173. An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provisions of several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax; and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof. 902

174. An Act for letting to farm the Post Horse Duties. 909

175. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to Spiritual holding of Farm; and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England, for One Year and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament. Page 912

176. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 915

177. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 919

178. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland. 926

179. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland. 927

180. An Act to provide for the preserving and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies. 929

181. An Act to render more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland. 939

182. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for regulating the Trade to the Isle of Malta; and to revive and continue, for the same Period, several Acts relating to the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain. 940

183. An Act to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excise on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland. 941

184. An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years. 944

185. An Act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of British-made Cordage. 950

186. An Act for the more easy apprehending and trying of Offenders, escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. 953

187. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to amend several Acts for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity. 955

188. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland. 971

189. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Sejeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

190. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight. Page 981

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing that Part of the Roads from Manchester to Rochdale, Bury and Radcliffe Bridge, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, which is called The Manchester District; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. Page 984

ii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

iii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York. 985

iv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge. Ibid.

v. An Act for the Improvement of Bryanston Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

vi. An Act for the Improvement of Dorset Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

vii. An Act for the Improvement of Montagu Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

viii An Act to enable The Sun Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of their Chairman or Secretary, under certain Regulations. Ibid.

ix. An Act to enable The Sun Fire Office Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer, under certain Regulations. Ibid.

x. An Act to enable The West of England Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid.

xi. An Act to enable the Company of The County Fire Office to sue and be sued in the Name of their Managing Director, or any other Director. Ibid.

xii. An Act to enable The Imperial Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company. 986

xiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and for making other Improvements therein mentioned. Page 986

xiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a Place in the Parish of Folkestone called Mudshole, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stonebridge, to meet the aforesaid Road at Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick, so far as respects the said Road from Stonebridge to Balsall Common, and from thence to the said Town of Kenilworth. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Woodbridge to Eye, in the County of Suffolk; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Parish of Cardington to the great Northern Road near Terns ford Bridge in the County of Bedford; and for making and maintaining a Road branching out of the same at Roxton Hill, to the South End. of the Turnpike Road leading from Bedford to Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for repairing the Road from Barrow Hill in Ashford, to a place called New England, in the Parish of Hollingborne, and for making a new Road thence to East Lane, in the Town of Maidstone, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cockerton Bridge to Staindrop, in the County of Durham. 987

XX. An Act for watching, lighting and cleansing the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for better paving the Streets and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the said Town. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from South Molton, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lyne Bridge, through Long town, to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the Bridge over the River Sark, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for lighting, watching and regulating the Police within the Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for amending and widening the Road, commencing at or near the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Burbage, in the County of Leicester, to the Leicester Turnpike Road, in or near to the Village of Narborough, in the said County. Page 987

xxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty for Repairing the Road from Burlton, through Knocking to Llanymynech, in the County of Salop, and other Places therein mentioned. 988

xxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from West Harptry to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road between North Shields and Newcastle upon Tyne, to Morpeth Castle, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road to communicate therewith; all lying in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, One of His late Majesty, and Two of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Middleton Tyas Lane End to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of Newton, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Tottenham, in the County of Hertford. 989

xxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Bewaldeth, in the Parish of Torpenhow, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hockwold cum Wilton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for inclosing Highstone Common, in the Parish of Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lowestoft, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Allonby, in the Parish of Bromfield, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xl. An Act for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making the London Docks. 990

xli. An Act for amending the Powers and Provisions relating to the Poor's Rates, of an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Poor, and cleansing the Streets, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex. Page 991

xlii. An Act for enabling the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money fur the Completion of their Works. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for the better Management and Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent, and for better assessing and collecting the Parochial Rates in the said Parish. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for amending and more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the Sixteenth, Twenty third and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act to enable The Birmingham Mining and Copper Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. 999

xlvii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, together with several Branches therefrom. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and repairing the Road from Swell Wold to the Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, and from the Parish of Cheltenham, in the said County of Gloucester, to Sedgborough, in the County of Worcester, and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, to the said Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow. Ibid.

xlix. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the said County, and in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

l. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Swindon to or near Knighton Farm, in the Parish of Ramsbury, and from Liddington to the Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

li. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Sturry Street to Herne Bay, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts made for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gasking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth in the said County of Devon. 1000

liii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an. Ad of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield, and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield. Page 1000

liv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Balderston to Burscough Bridge in Walton in le Dale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty for widening and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County; and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at or near to Tattershall Ferry. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers, of an Act for making a Road from Stand Edge within Saddleworth, in the County of York, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate on the Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King's Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent; and for making and repairing other Roads therein mentioned in the said County. Ibid.

---

lviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from Crtckhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Croft Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and other Roads therein described. 1001

lvix. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lx. An Act for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hasting den, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Samdon, on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stahl ford Bridge; and die Road from Walton to Eccleslall, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Lees, in the Pan(h of Bingley, to commence and branch off from the Rood leading from Croft Roads Inn to Haworth, at the North East Comer of a certain Close of Land called The Highfield, to Hebden Bridge, in the 'Parish of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for enlarging and improving The Minster Tard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, in York, and ber Placet adjacent thereto. 1002

STATUTES

lxiv. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Benjamin Hyett Esquire, deceased, in to be sold, and for

laving out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

lxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships and Manor of Great and Little Clifton, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for better collecting the Tithes in the Township of Hunton and dr rat borne, in the Parishes of Patrick Brompton and Hornby, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Division of - Beet bomy in the Parish of Beet homy in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlefeie, over which Right of Common hath been extinguished. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Edington in the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

lxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Renwick, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Mettingham and Bungay Trinity, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for inclosing Landfc in the Parish of Bayton, in the County of Worcester. 1003

lxxiv. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Downs and Waftea, in the Parish of Sutton Mdndevilley in the County of Wilt. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Littlecot, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aston Clinton, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for enlarging the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled an Act foraltering and enlarging the Provisons of an Act passed in the of Ireland in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of "The Parish of Saint George," on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin, therein described; and for making and building a Parish Church therein. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act to enable The Atlas Assurance Company to sue and be filed in the Name of their Chairman, or Secretary, under certain Regulations. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads from the Town of Slroudy and Teveral other Places therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making a Road from Fremch Topi In the West Riding of the County of York % to GJqp+ % in the

1 / Page 1002 Ibid.

(Local)

County of Derby; and for repairing the Road leading from Copley Meadow to Stayley Bridge, in the County Palatine of Chester. Page 1003

lxxxii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford / and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop. 1004

lxxxiii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lineal*, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Anktjler to Wootton Women, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road from Beffelfleigh, to Hungerford in the County of Berks, to Ledford otherwise Soufley Water, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Ashton Gifford, in the Parish of Codford Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wallasey, and

W d Kirby, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Bnllymore Evjlace, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish and Rectory Manor of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

sc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fridley tnn Clayton, otherwise Clayton with Fridley, in the West Riding of the County of York. I0o$

m. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barkisland, in the - Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. Ibid.

sen. An Act for inclosing Lands in Whixall, in the Parish of Frees, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

con. An Act for inclosing LandB within the foreral Parishes of KUmn^ton, Charlton, Mufgrdve, W'tneanton and Peiifchnood, in the County of Somerset. lied.

xcir. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ovenden, in the Parish of Hdefeat, in the County of York. Ibid.

see. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Streatley, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

xdei. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of

Woodland, in the Parish of Goekfield, ia the County of Durham. Ibid.

An Act for the Relief of Poor Debtors, and others* confined within the Goal of Dover Castle. Ibid.

leriiu An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, Newport Pagnell to The Grand Junction Canal, at Great Linford, J< is the County of Buckingham. io*S

teat. An Act for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty fiecond Year of His present Majesty's Reign* for inclosing the Forest of Ddamtre, in Ac County of Choker. Ibid.

c. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court Htrafe and akfeOAous hu ib* City I so& Cmottyvf AbtdMm-ifed'Jkrffl*-

riding

STATUTES

viding' and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 1012

ci. An Act for making and maintaining a Tram Road or Railway from the Parish of Mamhilad, in the County of Monmouth, to or near Usk Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

cii. An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Inveraray, in the Shire of Argyll. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

civ. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to hold a General Sessions annually, or oftener, for levying and applying the Rates and Expenditure of the said County; and to alter and amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Rates of the said County. 1019

cv. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating and improving, the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof. 1029

cvi. An Act for improving the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and for removing and regulating the Markets in the said Town. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for enabling the Proprietors of The Commercial Rooms in the City of Bristol, to foe and be foed in the Name of their Secretary, and for the Regulation of the said Rooms, and the Property thereof. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cix. An Act for cleansing, lighting and otherwise improving certain Streets and Places within and near the Town and Borough of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.030

cx. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Church of Saint Si dwell, in the City of Exeter. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for building a New Church within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Letneafior4 Ibid.

cxii. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Ground for the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surry; and for improving and widening the Approaches to the Church in the same Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating thereto. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof; and granting other rowers in lieu thereof; for rebuilding or repairing the Workhouse; and removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

cxiv. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the First Year of King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there; and for other Purposes mating thereto. Ibid.

cxv. An Act to aiuherixc the Xafpcdota appointed by an Act of the

Ill

{Lead iff J*strf $nal) 34 OHCX 111*

Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty to examine, inspect, damp and mark Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs in the Market held in King*4 Place, in the Parish of Scant Mary Newington, in the County of Surry, Page 1030

C*ri. An Act for enlarging the Power of an Act of His present Majesty for granting certain Power* and Authorities to the Ga* Light and Coke Company. 1034

oiriu An Act to enable the Several Persons therein named to dispose of certain Securities upon the Tolls of the Iron Bridge at Btjbop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, and Ferry Boats attached thereto, by way of Lottery.037

cxTUji. An Act to enable the President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic, in London, to hold their Corporate Meetings within the City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof.

cxix. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and: Government of the of Cutlers within the I 1 ' of

Hallamshire, in the C _.s Tori, and to alter and the said Act. 1039

cxx. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the - Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham, Hill, in the County of Surry. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunstable to Hocklisse, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, and Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road front Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City Torb, of to Hahmoor Lane End. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to continue the Term, and amend, alter and enlarge the Power of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Heart, in the County of Derby, through Belper, to IhffM, in the said County. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Lloyds, in the Towa of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Olney to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hajjbp, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Bunion, and several other Road* therein described, in the Counties of Stafford*nd Derby; so far as such Acts relate to the Second District of the said Roads. 1040

cxxvi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Rond from Old Stratford, in the County id Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of William Burder, and now belonging to Jasu Border, William Border, Charles Forjler Border, Ann Goldsmith and Mary Goldsmith. Infants, and to Samuel Border, Mary Needham Burder and SBishth Border* ia undivided Share* in lee Simple, in Trusteet. Ibid.

STATUTES

to fee' fold; and for investing the Purchase Monies arising from the Shares of such of them as are Infants in other Real Estates to be conveyed to them in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares. Page 1040

cxxviii. An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stoit'Newton, or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul iir _ London, to grant a Lease of the Manor of Steke Newton, or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the said County, Parcel of thO'said Prebend, in Manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for building thereon, and otherwise improving the same, and for other Purposes. Jbidi

cxxix. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Farms, situate in the County of Warwick, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Charles Henry Talbot Baronet, deceased, in Trustees,

in Trust, to convey the same to the Most Honourable Francis Ingram Seymour Conway, Marquis of Hertford, upon Payment by him of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Purchase of the same, and for inveiling such Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Calthorpe, and others, to grant Building Leases of Land in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. 1041

cxxxi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to; ft 11 Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for vesting in the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge the legal Estate in Fee Simple of certain Estates veiled in Thomas Prichard, an Infant Trustee, and others; and for confirming a Sale made by the said Commissioners, and for making them a'Corporation, and giving them further Powers of felling and leafing. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for vesting an undivided Third Part of certain settled Estates of Thomas Symons Esquire, and Mary his Wife, u in the County of Suffer:, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Thomson Bonar Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laving out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second^ relating to the Cathedral Church of Saint Asaph, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Gnmfftsll, 1Norton and Ashetii, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the fevnful ToWrtfhipt of BartioldfwM+^Siktrforth, thfc Pariforef Barmfd/kuict, in the VttfI. Riding <tf the County of Terri* r r 1 Ibid.

v' cxxxviii. Aa

(Lieut (Jf Ptrfmul) 54 GEO. III.

ttmui* An Act for indofiftg, and exonerating from Tithe, Land h the Pari ft of Potion, in the County of Bedford* Page 1042

cixxix. An Act for inclosing Landa in the Parish of Murjley, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for inclosing Land in the Parish of Combr Saint Nicho-/, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hilderstone, in the County of Stafford. 7; V*

cxiii. An Act to complete the Purposes of an Act, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kirkdale and Helmfley, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

crim. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Welford, in the County of Bark. Ibid.

edit. An Act for vesting certain Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the Town and Borough and Parish of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, discharged of any Right of Common therein, and upon certain Trails declared thereof. Ibid.

cxl?. An Act for inclosing and reducing to a Stint, or for sub-dinding and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Lower Dirifioa of Hor tony in Ribblesdale, in the Parish of Horton* in Ribbhfdale* in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxlri. An Act for inclosing Lands in Scammonden* in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

orivii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Goutran, in the County of Kilkenny. 1043

cxlmL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of East Overton and Lockeridge* and in the Hamfet Or Tithing of Fyfield, in the Parish of Overton, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

radix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Boxford, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

cL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cumber* and in the Chapelry of South Hinekfey, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

cli. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Nether-ball and Rectory of BradJUld, in the Parish of Bradfuld, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

die An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Townfbin of Tbmiou, in the Parish of Tkortton* in the West Riding of the Couftty of York. Ibid.

dm. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surry. Ibid.

cbr. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Prefion Patrick, in the Parish of Bnrtoa, in the County of Wofbnorland*

ibid.

clv. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Broad Chalke and Ciilmarky in the County of Wihe. Ibid.

clvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Eafi Bra* dtnham, in the County of Norfolk. 1044

clvii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Fonlrt, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

clviii. An Act for inclosing Landa is the Parish of Bealey, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clix. An Act for in it} fifing Land* ift the Pasish of Dtmingfbu* \n^to ComeyoCfi^bK, <, URL

STATUTES

clx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Great Chekxsorth and Little Chelworlh, in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts -Page IO44

clxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llandijiito and Llaneilian, in the County of Anglesea. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Aymefirey and Kingsland, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for inclosing Coxheath, in the Parishes of Boughton Monchelsea, Loose, Linton, East Farleigh, Farleigh and Hun*,

ton, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of lVargrave and Warfield, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

clxv. An Act for inclosing certain Moor, Common and Waile Grounds, in the Parish of Tunflal, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the same into Stinted Pasture, and other Purposes. Ibid.

clxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Church Coppenhall, in the Parish of Coppenhall, in the County of Chester. 1045

clxvii. An Act for reviving and confirming certain Powers given and granted by the Will of the late William Eger ton Esquire, deceased, over certain Parts of his Estates thereby devised. Ibid.

clxviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Stort Navigation, at or near Bishops Stortford, to the River Cam. Ibid.

clxix. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Chilcjreu of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the 'Heads, Principals and Mailers in the Univerhties of Saint Andrews, Glasgovs, Edinburgh and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Acts made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Purposes. Ibid.

clxx. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh; for opening.Communications to the new Gaol, building a Bridge over the Low Cult on; and for other Purposes relating thereto, 1057

clxxi. An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greehwich, in the County of Kent, to the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty first. Year of His present Majesty, for better maintaining and regulating the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stole Damarel, in the County of Denson, and for other Purposes, and granting further Powers in lieu thereof; for lighting, watching and otherwise improving the said Town and Parish, and regulating Porters and Watermen therein. 1058

clxxiii. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places partly lying oa

(Local far Perforiaf) 54*: GEO. III.

the West Side of Maiden Lane, partly on the North Side of the Reno Road, and partly on the West Side of the Pancras Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing BJuifances and Obstructions therein. page 1058

dniY. An Act for repairing the Road from Seven Oats Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells and Kipping's Cross, and from Tnhidge Wells to Woodsgate in the County of Kent. Ibid.

diXT. An Act for erecting a Shire Hall and Courts for the Administration of JufUce, and other Buildings for Public Purposes, for the County of Gloucester, and County of the City of Gloucester. Ibid.

chni. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River 0s/', in the County of Sisffex. Ibid.

dim. An Act for more effectually draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Norlbnvold, Wret ton, Werebam, West Dereham, Roxham, Fordham % Denver, Downham Market, Wimbotsham and Stow Bardolph, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

clxxTm. An Act to enable The British Fire Assurance Office to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid.

dixit. An Act to enable The Westminster Society for Insurance of 'Lives and Survivorship, and for granting Annuities, to sue and be feed in the Name of their Secretary. 1059

dxn. An Act for repairing the Road from Potton in the County of Bedford, and Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge, to Ejnesfarj, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

chin. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Thomas Grove the elder and Thomas Grove the younger, in the Counties of Radnor, Derby and Sdherfet, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; and for hying out the Monies arising from such Sale hi the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses. Ibid.

dmi AriAftfor veiling an Eft ate of the Reverend Thomas Walker and Sarah his Wife, situate in or near the Borough of LAcdter, comprited hi the Settlement executed in pursuance of the Ankles entered into previously to their Marriage, in a Trustee for&le. Ibid.

dntiir. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portishead, it the County of Smerfet. Ibid.

choniv. An Act' fsr inclosing the Borough Lands in the Parish of Getejktad, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

dint. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bcilby, n the Pirish of Hayton, in the East Riding of the County of Tub. Ibid.

dttivi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Seventh, Eighth and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty* Reign, for repairing ad widening the Roads from Oxford over Botiey Causeway to P$eid in the County of Berks, and Witnessin the County of Oxford; and for more effectually repairing and amending the ftosd from and out of the Witness Road at the Village of Botiey, > feto the find Road at or near Svsinford Bridge. Ibid.

STATUTES

clxxxvii. An Act for the Sale of federal Messuages and Lands in the Town of Northampton, and in the County of Buckingham, called Beckett7s and Sargeant* Charity Estates, veiled in Trustees for charitable Purposes} and for inveiling the Money arising fro in the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of Three Pounas per Cetftum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase of Real Estate can be found; and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof upon the Trulls of the Charity; and for other Purposes. Pagt 1060

clxxxviii. An Act for vesting the legal Ellate in Premises in the Counties of Radnor and Kent, the Property of Samuel Lewin Esquire, upon the Uses declared thereof, by Two several Indentures of Release and Common Recoveries fullered in pursuance thereof. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cardington and Church Stretton, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

cxc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Yarcombe, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxci. An Act to enable the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the Society called The British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coails of the Kingdom, to levy certain Rates and Duties on Vessels frequenting their Harbours. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act to enable Edward Mason of Edge hill, in the Parish of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to appoint a Curate to the new Church or Chapel of Edgehill, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1066

cxciii. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Northampton; and for taking down, widening and rebuilding the Bridge over the River Nine or New at the South Entrance of the raid Towti> and improving the Avenues to the said Bridge. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Ann Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex / and for amending an Act of King George the Second, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Paving, and other Purposes relating to the said Parish. Ibid.

cxcv. An Act to enlarge, alter and amend the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. Ibid.

cxcvi. An Act to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge of Commercial Improvements within the City and Port of Cork, in Ireland. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act to regulate the Price, Assize and Weight of Bread, and to provide for the due making thereof, within the City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Saltmarket Street in the City of Glasgow; and for regulating the Chimnies of Steam Engines, and other Works, in the said City and Suburbs thereof. 1092

tftcis* An Act for altering, amending and enlarging an Act passed in

(\ Pfrjawl) 54* CIO.ill

iatbeTaath of the Reign of His present M a jetty, intituled An Act for building Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Twen of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark; and for mating and repairing certain Road? and Avert nee leading to the same; and for building mid maintaining m place thereof another Bridge over the said River Clyde* farther up the River; and a Bridge over the River Avon near its Junction with the said River Clyde, with the necessary Road? and Avenues to and from both Bridges.

Page 1092

tc. An Act u> continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty third Ynr of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgoou to Port Dnndat, and from Port founder to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garfcvbt Bridge, by Dobbie'e Loan, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

cri. An Act for repairing the Roads from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Rigan* to Hutton Moor, and from Kirkby Hill Moor to Rigan, in the County of York. Ibid.

cii. An Act for repealing Several Acts passed for making and repairing the Road from Livingdou, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the of City Glasgonp, and certain Roads connected therewith; and for making further and other Provisions for maintaining and repairing the said Roads. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for vesting certain Estates Situate in the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Gloucester and Somerset, entailed by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell the Same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold. Ibid.

civ. An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable Hugh Earl Fortescue, Situate in the Parish of FiL lejgb, in the County of Devon, and a Parsonage House to be built oq the Said Lands, in the Rector for the time being of the said Parish, in Exchange for the Parsonage House and certain Glebe

Lands belonging to the Said Parish. 1093

cv. An Act for amending Two several Act of the Tenth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Estates devised by William Hulme, Esquire; and to enable the Trustees thereof to apply the Trust Monies in making an Allowance to and Provision for the Exhibitioners of certain Exhibitions, founded by the said Testator in Brazen Nose College, Oxford; and also us founding and supporting a Lecture in Divinity in the Said College; and to (incorporate the said Trustees; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for vesting certain Estates at Middleton, in the County of LaneaAer, devised by the Will of the late Richard Caton deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence anting, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in AmcoH, in the Parish of Amhnfden, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for the Improvement of the Square called Saint'iV Green, in the City of Dublin. Ibid.

Tife TITLES of Ait STATUTES,

ccix. dkitsAaft brinliing tHa ^PMb iwi wltering* andrjtnlaqpag tW Boiera of several Acts passed for repairing the Highway aribe-iWwem jybwm fd 'UmbridgOj in the County of Middlesex, autlifer wanuding the Rood leading fatal Strut Bridge y' lorer*IfanioeJl thaaagh dr Paii&t>ef HanmmUy -frt % u iBrent/onMend'Baling to* the great tWe&ern JM in, the fcfcKJcraoty; id for .: lighting, watching and watering the Highway between Tybtsm r a*d Kensington Gravel Pits?'and for exempting domain Carnage* from Payment of Toll. Page MM3

ccx. An. Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of T*4 Acts passed ta the Tenth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenbaadmnds iuMbe County jcof Beriiy to Marlborough, in the County of Wdtr; wad fettral other Roads therein mentioned. 1191

ccxi. An Act for preventing the Right Honourable Charles Sail 's of Shrewsbury, and other Persons claiming under the Arfkf'fer 1* entailing certain Estates with the Earldom of Shrewjimryt, frouMiif-torbing certain Exchanges or Partitions heretofore madey of admail: Part of those Estates by George late Earl of Shrewjkmrf*. Mid*

ccxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hanrietjof Conocky in the Parish of Chirton, in the County of < Wilts*'Mid

ccxiii. An Act for lighting and watching certain Parts of the > Liberties, Hamlets or Districts of Camberwell and Pubham,

in the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry. Ibid.

ccxiv. An Act for improving certain Streets and rpfacea iwf the Precind of Saint Katharine, and in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ccxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining emtain Roads and Bridges in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

ccxvi. An Act for empowering the Judges of the^Court of iieflioa in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Estates of Mmebity Ifauld and others, in the County of Caithnessbelongima to Sir John Gordon Sinclair Baronet, as shall be {ufficieat^for P*ayment of the Debts atteding the same. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating framTitbet^ Rands in the Parish of Great Honneady in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for taking down the old Church, Tower and Sfecpfe of the Parish of Ombersley, in the County of Worce^eri and.*vweeding a new Church, and enlarging the Church Yard}.'and walso, for building a Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parrtk. Ibid.

ccxix. An Act to amend an Act made in the Eightaenth Year vof His present Majesty for making Drains and Sewers far carrying off the Water from the Prebendel Effete of Halliwell and FiajMtry -v-iia the Suburbs of the City of London, and for pthev Patpafe* therein mentioned; and to extend same of the Pronfioat whereof to Part of the Holborn Division, in the County of Middlesex. /*095 tax.

ccxx. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching: and reflating the Streets and Public Places, within Part of the Precinct of Saint Katherine, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ccxxi. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof. Ibid.

ccxxii. An Act for more effectually ascertaining the Boundaries of the Parish of Saint Mary's Dublin. Page 1115

ccxxiii.

'(Wtri^W) svGtD.BL mmL 4a Act

dr Pnrifoof Bamdda*?*BWn* mm* AnAA iw altering, mumriing and attour AA*df Hbprefapt ftiricftyfor imnmving tl tftef lkTUw Thw# Westwmrd of London ifouggat i Lfaitk*, of tk Gky of London, and for further ingrowing the said rNvtigmino*Aid*

ccxxiv. An Act for exchanging Parts of the Settled Estates of the MoiJ Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, for Fee Simple Estates of the kid Sake and for exchanging' other Parts of such Settled Efcties for Fee Simple Estates of Char Us Goring Esquire. Ibid.

cm. An Act for confirming the Annexation of the Rectory of Fhogham, in the County of Norfolk, to the Mastership of Mag-risk* College* in the University of Cambridge. Ibid.

on. An Act for enabling the Reverend Sir Richard Hughoe Baronet to foil certain Parts of his Settled Estates, in the Counties tof fan j and Suffix, to the Most Noble Charles Duke of Notsoli, " J^applying the Money thence arising in the Purchaso of other i to he settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Aid, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of fososo, izt-the County of Woreeder, 1116

uni. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Afo made in the Forty third and Forty sixth Years of His r, for the further Improvement of the Port of by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Aconmndatioa of the Eq/i India Shipping in the said Port. Ibid.

ccxxix. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleaafing and regu-hasm ihr Smuts and other Public Places on the Estate of Lord CaaLorfe, near Gray's Inn Lane Road, in the Parish of Slain Pmcrar, in the County of Middlesex. 1137

---

ccxxx. An Act for rebuilding or repairing the Bridge across the Fogle, or Lough Foyle, at Londonderry, for enabling the Corporation of that City to raise Money for that Purpose; to the Advance of a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and for regulating the Fairs and Markets, and improving the Race Course there. Ibid.

ccxxxi. An Act for amending and continuing several Acts made for the Improvement of the Lagan Navigation, and for further extending the same. 1138

ccxxxii. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, as relates to the Road from Dundee to Cupar, with its Branch to Meigle. Ibid.

ccxxxiii. An Act for extending the Powers of the several Acts for maintaining the Turnpike Road from Shoreditch Church, through to Stamford Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to a new Branch of Road leading from Kingsland Green into the above Turnpike Road at Hackney. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in Longwood and Deanhead, both in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes,]

2. An Act for inclosing the Commons of Wain y Gyfir and Allt yr Onoe, in the Parish of Llanthew, within the Manor of Alexanderstone, and Mara Mota, in the County of Brecon

3. An Act for indemnifying Charles Grant Junior, Esquire, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths required by Law to be taken before the Lord Steward, or his Deputy or Deputies.

4. An Act to enable Sir William Payne Baronet and his Issue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Galwey, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Galwey Esquire, deceased.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Inkberrow, in the County of Worcester.

---

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dist, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of HemPstead, Barn* wood and Upton Saint Leonards, and the Hamlets of Barton Saint Mary, Barton Saint Michael, Wotton, Tqffley, South Hamlet and V3I of Wotton, all in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Hurley, in the Parish of Kingsbury, in the County of Warwick.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of WcndUng, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for naturalizing Francis Platamone Count Saint Antsn^o.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Binham, in the County of Norfolk.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardwick, in the County of Norfolk.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Melton Parva other* wife Little Melton, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty (a), intituled An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands in the Parishes Congrefbury, Week Saint Lawrence and Puxton, in the County of Somerset. (a) [49 G. 3. c. 14. PR.]

15. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township and Manor of Collingham, in the West Riding of the County of York.

for ma^tnS Comfenfation for Tithes.]

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Berkley and Standerwick, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sastdon, in the County of Stafford.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Sloley, in the County of Norfolk.

{Local) 54 GEO. III.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton Canon, in the Chunty-rf HerefordV

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abler ley, in the County of Worcester

21. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Quinton, in the Gouty of Northampton, and for Extinguishing the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

Leases of Lands by ReSorf of Quinton and Courtenhall without Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as^Patrons of the said Redories.

It. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sevenhampton, in the County of Glotuefter.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

23. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Henry Green ECqmre, with Sarah Nijbet Rutherford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for confirming and establishing the Diriflon and Inclosure*of certain Lands within the Parish and Manor of Tarrant Keinston, in the County of Dorfit.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hemlock, in the County of Devon,

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wicierfley, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Township of Pluttwwth, in the Parish of Wath upon Dearne, and Kimberr worth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York. x [And for making Compenfition for Tithes.] tf, '

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Gretton, in the Parish of Whuhcomb, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

29. An Act for establishing and confirming several Exchanges of Glebe Lindsy Sheep Pastures, Cow Pastures, Beast Leazes a other Rights of Common belonging to the Rectory and Parish Ckmch 0? BUmdford Saint Mary, in the Parish of Blandford Saint Mary, in the County of Dorfit, for Lands of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Carney ord the Father, and Thomas Lord Came (ford the Son, both deceased, and of the Right Honourable William Wymdham Lord Grenville, and Anne Baroness Grenville his Wife, in the hid Parish.

30. An Act for effectoating an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of Oriel College in Oxford, and George Harris Esquire^ of certain Freehold Estates in the County of Kent.

31. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Barony of

BeUecbtoml Giryan, afed otter Hereditaments, in the County of

Ayr, to and in favour of Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton Baronet,

and the Scries of Heirs entitled to take, by certain Deeds of Entail

Bade by John Lord Bargany and John Hamilton Esquire, deceased,

wrier the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deeds.

tad in lieu thereof, for veiling certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Bttgany lying in die raid County, in the said Sir Hew 1

DalrympU Hamilton Baronet and his Heirs and Afsighs, in Fee Simple.

---

32. An Act for establishing as a Public Highway a Road from Cawood Ferry to Kelfield, in the East Riding of the County of York, set out under the Kelfield Inclosure Act (b) as a Private Road.

(b) [46 G. 3. c. 71. PR.]

33. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Thorseway, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes, No Leases of Land by Rector of Thorseway without Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the said Rectory.]

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witham, in the County of Berks.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

---

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship or Manor of Whitigader otherwise Whitagada, in the several Parishes -<rf MergwUly, Llanegwad and Llanllemddogy in the County t>F % Carmarthen.^1n \ j to'

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Norton, in the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of i?ory nrx/

Ay If am and Tottington, in the County of Norfolk1 f; x- 1/

cio fin

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tukfledd and ScA

Rvflon, in the County of Norfolk.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sletehmxkthvih ther

GoUfky of Cambridge*.A

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fingxinghoe, in the Comxty of Essex.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Biy,^SainmEd msmdt, in the Conrtty of Suffolk.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Oreop, in the County of Hereford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

43. An Act for inclosing a Piece of Common or Waste Land in the Phtifo of Effingham, within the Manor of Ay feet t inthtCowAy

of Airftl

[Am for nt irking Compensation for Tubes*. \All6tmefd ta^Mie Mayefiy or Lord of the -Manor of BydeeL No., Leaf of Lands, by Yicctr*of Effingham, without Confast tef: - His hie Metre or Soecejore, as Patron of thef^d Tic a-rage.]

44. An Act for inclosing Land* in the several LordJhipa hfrMantfrs.*v of Llandih Patria, Llangaddck artd JAnafynydd^ r\\-the fidr&ai. Parishes of Llandilofawr> Llaodefeifant, Llamdgadock add Lida* v*fynidd, in the County of Carmarthen* A '.*v 't

45. 'An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Cobreqr* io tho*

Pariflt of Chicveieyi in the County of iferfr*'L rL

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Strensham, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

47. An Act for Jdiffolvfflg^the Mmiage of Samuel Authhnjt Atomwmii whi* his now Wife ^fatr ^oy MiLeant 8fuifax\TMdZ

for enabling to marry ^ga|-and for other TPiuqiofe6 iMtiancd*

Local

48. An Act to dissolve the Manage of f/*nr/ Pren4trgnM Garde _ fqife*th Cathermr Garde his now Wife, and to enable him to fcry <v^d>fiaK. other P*rpp$e therein mentioned.

49. An Act to aif^obfelthe Marriage of Thomas Bejl Esquire, with SUfy corAmonly galled the Right Honourable Lady Emily ( BeL his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and forc other Purposes therein mfefltjoued.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of ffenkrntgey Caxnocl a*d Bsjrhfwichy and the ejctraparochial Place of Ttddejley other wise Teddejley Hay, in the County of Stafford,

51. An Act for vesting in John Sommers Lord Sommers, his Heirs and A Signs, the Right of Nomination and Presentation of a Minister or Curate to the Pariflt and Parish Church of Stoulton, in the County of Worcester. u

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bur welly in the County of Cambridge. -NU:

<[His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award. Extract of Award defer thing His Ma] efly's Allotment to be made and sent to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

tar Foreds and Land Revenues.]

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Liberty of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes oI Llatfainb

j fnad rod Llanvtlh, in the County of Brecon.

[Comsufftcners of His Majesty's Woods, For {/Is a fid Land I Revenues, or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues, to appoint Assistant Commissioners for Manor of Wetyh Penkelly. Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorjy as Lord of the fad Manor. Extrad of Award relating to His

Allotment to be sent to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woodsy &c. or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Reve- 4, nme. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award. Proviso for His Majesty as Lord of the fasd*Manor.] A

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Westcombbndy u the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary, in the County of SomerfeK

[His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award. ExlraS of Award defer thing His Majesty's Allotment to be made Tnsod sent to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, r - Forest^and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of His Majestys Land Revenues.]

56. An Act for annexing the Vicarage of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the Bishoprick and See of Bristol.

57. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of Bignor % in the County of Sussex, belong-n*: t# His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of North Searle in the County of Lincoln, belonging to Gorge Obrien Earl of Egremont.

58. An Act to eiUblish and confirm the Assumption of the Sur-came and Use of the Arms of Powell by John Powell Powell, famailf John Powell Roberts Esquire, and to enable the Heirs of Hit Body to tike, uft and bear the Surname and Arms of powelly patfoafl* to the Will of John Powell Esquire, deceased.

STATUTES.

---

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wrotham and Ightham, in the County of Kent.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Birling, in the County of Kent.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrhaiadr, in Kinmerch, in the County of Denbigh.

---

[Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, /<? appoint qjftstant Commtjfoners. Extract of Award relating to His Majesty's Allotment to be made'andfent to Coni-mi/Roners of His Majesty's Woods, or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue. //m Majestfs Allotment may Be fold before Execution of Award. Provtfo for His Majesty as Lord of the Lordship of Denbigh aits? Denbigh Land. Proviso for His Majesty's Right to Mines and Minerals.]

---

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wenden otherwise Wendens Ambo, and Arkesden, in the County of Essex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

63. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees in the Settlement made subsequent to the Marriage of the late Most Honourable John Dennis Marquis of Sligo, with Louisa Catherine his Wife; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty third Year (a) of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage in Curzon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Effects settled by the Will of Dame Harriott Reade, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and to lay out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in like manner.

(a) [53 G. 3. c. 79. PR.]

65. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Dundas Esquire, with Jane Rollo his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Advert removed.]

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quinquagesimo Quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth Day of November 1813; being the Second Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[24th November 1813.]

---

WHEREAS it is highly important that the most effectual Measures should be adopted for the vigorous Prosecution of the War upon the Continent of Europe; and it is therefore expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to accept any Offers of a Proportion of the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, of the Militia of the United Kingdom, to ' serve in any Part of Europe^ or to transfer their Services to ? Regiments of the Line, under certain Regulations j' May it there-fore please Your Majesty that it may bje enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loros Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the samei

That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, and His Majesty to employ in any Part of Europe, under the Regulations and Rei may accent vo-strictions specified in this Act, such Part of the present Regular luutary Offer* of Militia of Great Britain, and of the Militia of Ireland, not exceeding ^opoition of m any case three fourths of the Number actually serving in any Regi- in any p^rtof& merit, Battalion or Corps of any such Militia, as may make a voluntary Europe.

Offer, duly certif}ftl by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the principal Secretary of State, or by the Lard Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor^ of Ireland, or by hit or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer cf any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of Great Britain 54 GEO. III. B or

Bounty of Eight Guineas to Persons inakine voluntary Offer.

bath.

Enrolment.

Discharge.

Commanding Officer* to explain that Offer is voluntary.

Services of Three Field Officers accepted with 900 Men; Two Field Officers with 600 Men; and One with 300, &c. and Proportion of other Officers according to Sstablishmcut.

C. 1.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

or Ireland, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, ory MBy Part or Parts thereof, not exceeding such Proportion as aforesaity co extend their Services to all Parts of Europe, under such Rules and: -4-: tc Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Eight [ Guineas shall be allowed to every Non Commissioned Officer, Drum- 4*4$ mer and Private Man, who shall make such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private^, Man, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall take the ?^following Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, his Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in

any Part of Europe, during the Remainder of the War, and until the Expiration of Six Months after the Termination thereof, to: fe};

be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of V

Peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, and taking such Oath, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia in any Part of Europe, according 2} to the Terms of such Oath; and such several Enrolments' shall take % st: place and such Oaths shall be administered, by the Officer commanding 1$^ any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or by any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, at such Times, and under fucu Regulations, as His Majesty, by any Order to be signed by the Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Secretary, shall in that Behalf >4-direct or appoint; and every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer >'4 and Private Man, so enrolled to serve in the Militia in any Part of Europe, under the srovisions of this Act, shall be entitled to his Discharge at the Expiration of the Period specified in such Oath, without any regard to the Period for which he shall have been enrolled to serve in the Militia under any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia, in any Part of the United Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Militia of any Part of the United Kingdom shall be compelled to make such Offer, or be engaged to serve out of the United Kingdom 4-for which he is enrolled and serving, except by his own Consent; and, no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Act any voluntary Offer, before he shall have explained to every Person offering to^serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of Three Field Officers of any Regiment of Militia, in which Nine hundred Private Men shall offer to extend their Services under this Act; and of Two Field Officers of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, in which Six hundred Private Men shall so offer to extend their Services; and of One Field Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Ccrps of Militia, in which Three hundred Private Men, or Three Fourths of the Number of Private Men actually serving in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall so offer to extend their Services; and its every case in which such Proportion of Field Officers of any Regi-^H*ot9 Battalion or Corps of Militia, from which such Numbers of

Mm

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

C.I.

3

Mea respectively shall so volunteer as aforesaid, shall not offer to extend their Services with such Men, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give the Rank of "Field Officers to any Captains in such Regiments*

Battalions or Corps of Militia respectively, who may offer to extend their Services with such Men; and it shall also be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of such Proportion of other Officers*

Nod Commissioned Officers and Drummers, with any such Numbers of Private Men as shall be allowed to such Numbers of Men respectively in the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty

Majesty, from time to time to form the Officers, Non Commissioned

Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who shall so extend their tended Service* Services from the Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Militia, into into Provisional such Provisional Regiments or Battalions as may be deemed moll Regiments or expedient for His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that in all Battalion*, cases in which a Field Officer of Militia shall have volunteered for

Extended Service in any Part of Europe, the Officer having the Chief Command in such provisional Battalions shall be a Field Officer of Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer of the Rank of Militia shall, while out of the United Kingdom upon any such Otfker*, Extended Service, rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces higher than as a Lieutenant Colonel of the Militia.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any case in In what case which the Number of Officers of each Rank so volunteering to extend Hh Ma, e.fty their Service* to any Part of Europe, and accepted by His Majesty,

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

shall not be in due Proportion to the Number of Men io volunteering, it Hull be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any fit and proper PersonB to be Officers in such provisional Battalions of Militia without regard to the Qualifications now required by Law for such Officers in the Militia, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may occur in such provisional Battalions of Militia in consequence of the Death, Re fig nation or Dismissal of any such Officer who shall have been so appointed by His Majesty: Provided always, that no Person so appointed by His Majesty shall hold a Commission in any such pro-rilkmal Battalion of higher Rank than that of a Subaltern, unless he shall at the time of such Appointment have been an Officer of His Majesty's Regular Forces or Militia; Provided always, that nothing heron contained shall be construed to affect the Appointment of Officers, a* by Law established, in any case of Vacancy which may occur in consequence of the Death, Resignation or Dismissal of any MiLtia Officer who may have volunteered for Extended Service in Europe.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers Officers, whoso of the Militi, whose Offers of extending their Services to all Parts Offers of Ex-cf Europe under the Provisions of this Act shall be accepted by His lended Service Majesty, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to the Ranks in Xtafeentl" which their Services shall be accepted to serve out of the United t|ed to Half Kingdom, in like manner and under such and the like circumstances Pay. Penfiom

Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces j and the Widows of to Wid ows of til such Commissioned Officers killed in such Extended Service shall officert*

'be entitled to receive such Pensions for Life as are given to Widows if His Majesty*! Regular Foroes: Provided always, that no Officer

Bi

who

4

C. i.

Subject to Mutiny Act. Officers ad Officers of Regulars fitting on Courts Martial.

How far to remain subject to Militia Regulations.

His Majesty may make Regulations for retaining Officers, See. as Supernumeraries.

Number of Men in a Company. His Majesty imy appoint Officers from Militia, and make Battalions of Companies, lec.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

who shall be appointed to supply any Vacancy which may arise in the Militia on such Extended Service shall be entitled to such Half Pay, unless he shall actually join the Militia upon such Extended Service.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non Commissiooed Officers, Drummers and Private Men, of the Militia extending their Services as Militia tq any Part of Europe, shall, upon leaving the United Kingdom upon such Extended Service, and during such Service until their Return to the United Kingdom, be subject to all the Laws in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, in like manner in every respect as His Mainly'* Regular Foroes; and all Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces (tiaU be entitled to fit iq any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man of the Militia, while so serving out of the United Kingdom under this Act; and all Officers of the Militia shall, during such Extended Service, be entitled to fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Regular Foroes; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Militia enrolled and formed for Extended Service as Militia to any Part of Europe under this Act shall, notwithstanding such Extension of Service, remain subject to all the Provisions and Regulations in force, in relation to the Militia to which they shall respectively belong

in such cases as are in this Act particularly specined), and entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provisions for their Wives and Families, as if they had continued serving as Militia in the United Kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time to make such Regulations as His Majesty may deem moll expedient in relation to the retaining upon the Establishment of the Militia to which they belong, as Supernumeraries or otherwise, any Officers, Non commissioned Officers and Drummers, of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, as may nqt so volunteer to extend their Services to any Part of Europe, or as may not be so employed upon such Extended Service; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia, and the officering of the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Number of Private Militia Men shall be desirous -of enlisting into any Regiment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Forces which may be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, as a Company or Companies of not leis than One Hundred Men to each Company, and His Majesty shall have signified His Intention of granting Commissions in His Majesty's Regular Forces to any Officer or Officers actually serving in the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, from which any such Company or Men shall volunteer to serve as aforesaid in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, as Captain, Lieutenant and Ensign of any such Company, that in every such case it shall be lawful for such Men to enlist as such Company or Companies as aforesaid $ and iip every such case it shall be lawful for any Number of Non Commissioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, not exceeding Five Serjeants and Six Corporals to every Hundred Men, to enlist with any such Company

C. i.

s

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

of Men as aforesaid; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, is hereby required td discharge such Non Commissioned Officers, Corporals and Drum-rm, as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Forces so appointed by His Majesty, or to join together any Number of such Companies, and form the same into an additional Battalion or additional Battalions of any such Regiment as aforesaid, and in such case to appoint such* tad such Number of Field and Staff Officers to any such Battalion or Battalions as His Majesty shall think necessary: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any*

Number of Men less than One Hundred, from enlisting as Part of a Company into any Regiment so appointed by His Majesty, under such Regulations with respect to the Proportion of Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, as His Majesty riiay think fit to appoint.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Certain Person (erring in the Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant's

Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Musician in of Commanding

the Band of the Regiment of the Militia to which he shall belong. Officer.

or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in any such Regiment,

or wHo Anil have been trained as an Artillery Man or Matross, and

as such shall be attached to any Artillery belonging to any Regiment

of Militia, not exceeding Twenty Men in each Battalion, shall bfe

entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist into the Regular Forces as

aforesaid under this Act, unless he shall obtain the Content for that Purpose of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which be shall be then serving.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That ft shall be lawful for the Commanding

Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to refute to dif- rc-

charge any Private Militia Man, who shall desire his Discharge for Men upon Tuf! the Purpose of being enlisted into the Regular Forces under this ficient Cause. Ad, upon assigning m Writing to the General Officer commanding

in the District within which such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces where there shall not be such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer ot Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XV. Provided alwayt, And be it further enacted, That if any In what case Person discharged frond the Militia for the Purpose of being enlisted Perrns dif-into His Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act, shall notwith- timte to hcion- (landing refute to enlist purfuatit to ady Declaration of being desirous to Regiment"8 to enlist, so made by him as aforesaid, or shall n3t be approved from which dif-of by the Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then charged.

and b every such case* such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Pfcrfdn who shall tte Nofp*r^on tobt enlisted to serve b any Regiment so named and appointed as aforesaid

tall serve b the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted wbfch cnUftej.

B 3 to

6 C.I. 54* 6EO. m. A.D. 1813.

to serve, and in no other Regiment whatever; and no Person enlisting f*in any such Regiment shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, t be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Consent, 1 except in some Garrison or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be necessary or expedient to transfer such Person into any Garrison or -Veteran Battalion on account of his being disabled, or for any other suficient Cause. C

Militia Officers

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every serve inCRe8ular Officer volunteering to serve in His Majesty's Regular Forces

Force* to have ^th any such Company of Men as aforesaid shall, upon his Reduction,

Half Pay. be entitled to and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in which he shall "il

have been serving at the time of his Reduction.

Number of Men

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the total t?ken from Numbers of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and exceed "0*000. ^>r'vate Men, to be raised under this Act, either by extending their Vy

cec 30, Services to Europe as Militia, or by Enlistment by Companies into; rj

such Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty, _L. for that Purpose, shall not exceed Thirty Thousand; and that the Number of Men to be raised under this Act in any Regiment,

Battalion or Corps of Militia, either by extending their Services

to Europe as Militia, or by Enlistment by Companies into such^Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall in no case exceed Three fourths of the Number of /

Private Men actually serving in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

5tO.3- cc.ip.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Militla cnlUtmgn Act contained shall affest, or be construed to affest, any of '

into the Line, to the Provisions, Clauses or Regulations contained in the several Acts '

continue in force, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, exre t in the the one intituled An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia

cs*[e of Great Britain to enlijl annually into the Regular Forces; and

m*to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia; and the other, intituled An Act to amend the fevered Acts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, or any of the Provisions or Regulations now in force, for allowing the Militia of any Part of the United Kingdom to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, except in such cases as* are in this Act particularly and especially specified and provided: Provided always, that in any Volunteering from the Militia, which may be ordered by His Majesty, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or for any succeeding Year, under the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and direct that the Number so permitted to enlist into the Regular Foroes, may transfer their Services into that Part of the Militia serving in Europe, or may enlist as Companies, or Parts of Companies, into the Regular Foroes, under the Provisions of this Act, in the manner herein prescribed, without regard to the specific Quota - which each Regiment, Battalion or Corps is by the aforesaid Acts required to furmfti.

Frorifofar

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

Leodou Militia, in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the London Militia* [&r 54 G.3. r.38.  i.l

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, mended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

c. 17. post, A3 explained and amended, and extended to Regiment of Minerj of Cornwall and Devon, c. 20. post, fee c* 38. post.]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Matt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[26th November 1813.]

XXXIX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A3 for making perpetual subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein fated, the several Sum of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fftb Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight,

it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three

Acts of the Twenty seventh. Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh

Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an 4 AA made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A8 for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

OJucs and Personal Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco end Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred osld ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cujhms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other 1 Date* in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof:

And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties tn lieu thereof \ certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Dudes on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in 1 Beti thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said hft recited Acts were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen: And whereas

B4 'the

Act titered, ic.

38 O.3. c. 60. 108.

27 G. 3. c. 13. 34 O.3. c. 4. 37 G. 3. c. is-170.3. c. 4. 19 G. 3. c. 68.

39 G. 3- c. 3.

490.3- c-9*

I*. 7.

Duties 00 Sugar, See. continued.

43 o. 3.

I

j3yG-3. c.jij.

Parate ^couau

3 0.3. c. 114.

\ %. repealed.

Time within which Tokenj to circulate.

.2, 3, 4. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

r the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco

and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen

Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the same, and alL the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and all Monies arising thereby which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

{This A8, except the Omission of the Words " ly the Authority aforesaid" in Session 2. and the Clause above infer tea is Jtmilar to 53 G. 3. c. 15.

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two Millions by way of Annuities.

[26th November 1813.]

[See c.S. pofl. 24, 000, 0001. raised r.76. post. and 3, 000, 000b for Service of Ireland, c. % $. post.-\

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament* an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act of the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal9 usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

[26th November 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces

of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively: And whereas it is expedient that the Period limited in

the said recited Act for the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver and mixed Metals, in the said recited Act specified and denominated Tokens, should be further extended; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as prohibits the Circulation of any such Tokens as are in the said recited Act described, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament no Piece

9

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 4.

of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Name the same may be, shall pals or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Mark or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, circulate or pass as for any nominal Value n Money or Goods any such Token, shall, for every such Token (q circulated or palied, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original Issuing or Circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds, at Penalty, the Discretion of such Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence j provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Issuer Original bluer, thereof, or to discharge or excuse any such original Issuer from his Liability to pay the fafcne.

III. And be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who shall have bluer, of Local originally issued or have been concerned in the original I (Tiling or Tokens liable to Circulation of any such Tokens, and their respective Executors and Pay same by Administrators, shall be and they are hereby declared to be liable Law*

m Law, upon Demand made of the Value denoted upon the Tokens issued by such Persons respectively, to pay the same 5 and the Amount of Money or Value denoted upon any such Tokens, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise; may be recovered by the Bearer or Holder hereof, in any Action of Suit against the Person or Persons who shall have originally issued or been concerned in the original Issuing of Circulation of such Token, in like manner as the Amount or Value of any Promissory Notes payable to Bearer, and issuable by Law, may now be recovered; to pay off or discharge the lame.

IV. Provided alwayd, and be it further enacted, That nothing Issue of Promif-in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Tory Notes authorize or make legal the issuing of any Promissory Note, not under aoi* being a Token composed of Gold or Silver, or of mixed Metal

composed partly of Gold or Silver, which cannot noW be issued by Law.

V. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That nothing provisofor

in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend. Tokens of Bank

to any Tokens issued or circulated by or under the Autho- of England or

rity of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or Ireland-

by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively; or in arty manner to affect any such Tokens, or the Circulation thereof; or to subject any Company or Companies', or Person or Persons, to any Penalty for issuing or circulating any futh Tokens.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfei- Penalties ho# tunes imposed by this Act shall and may be recoverable and re- recovered, towered, and levied and applied, in like manner and by such Means as die Hke Penalties and Forfeitures are n ..le recoverable by the said recited Act; and all the Powers, Authorities, Clauses,

Matters

Matters and Provisions, in the said recited Act contained or referred to, shall be and remain, and continue in full force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing the Provisions of this Act, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully and effectually as if all such Powers, Authorities, Clauses and Provisiona, were severally and Separately re-enacted in and made Part of this Act.

Act titered, Sec.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

z o. x. sut. a. ci 3.

13 Car. %. Sut. %. c.x.

as Car. a. c. a.

30 Car. a. Sut. a.

t C. x. c 6.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS divers Persons, who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions, or any other Cause or

Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oath or Aftu-

ranee respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and

subscribed, in and by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's 9Person and Government, and the Succession of The Crown in the9Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for ex tin-

gu*fotng the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open9andfecret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to

an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well governing and9regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing the 9Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation therein mentioned (a); or according to

another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual prefers9ing The King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament; or according to another Act,

made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting the People called9Quakers such Form of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove

(a) [TbeTith of 25 Car.2. c.i. on the Roll is 99 An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen front Popish Recusants."]

9 the

XI

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. s*

the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late 90.1. c. 26.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying

Persons who home omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that

Purfose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term9tr Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by Law,

for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transuhjlantia-

tic s; and for allowing a further time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Pabifts; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees and Lessees; or according to another Act, made in the

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 18 G.a. c.xo 4 the Second, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His frefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace

or according to another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign 6 G.J. c. 53.

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen

Ane, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons iadiSed of High Treason, or Mijfrifion of Treason; have, through

Ignorance of the Law, Absence or some unavoidable Accident,

omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and A durance, and make and subscribe the Declaration required by Law or other*

wife to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within iuchTime, and in such Manner, ?s in and by the said Act respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that behalf made, is required,

whereby they have incurred, or may be in Danger of inearring, divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such Otmf&oos, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person Eerions omlt-or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Declarations, fore oi or to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or otherwise to Ad; qualify him, her or themselves, within such time, and in such manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or by any other Act of Parliament in that behalf made, is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any Profemon or Thing on account of which such Qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, and also received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, or who, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall take and subscribe the saidr ^ch Oaths, Declarations and Assurance respectively, in such cases where-5> 1815, qUa-

ia My thqpulyes,

12

indemnified against Forfeitures.

In by Law the said Oaths, Declarations and Assurance, ought td have been taken and subscribed, in such manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places as are appointed in and by the said Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or, shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand, eight hundred and fifteen, receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according tb the Usage of the Church of England, in such cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or ought to (a) have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, or take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said, Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said Oath ought, to have been taken and subscribed, in such ihanner as by the said Act is directed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred, or to be inciirred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declaration, or taking or subscribing the said Oath according to the above mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person and, Persons is and are* and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to thd same State and Condition as he, she or they, were in before such Neglect dr Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves, according to the above mentioned Acts; and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, of by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declarations, and taken and subscribed the said Oath according to the Directions of the said Acts, and every or any of them5 and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons, qualifying themselves in manner and within the time appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the time and in the minneir appointed by the several Acts before mentioned. (4) [Query. The Words " ought to.'*]*II. And whereas several Penons well affected to His Majesty'a

Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland

have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or been by Sick*9riefs or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and

subscribing

A.D. 1813 54 GEO. III.

C'J 1}

fobfcribing the Declaration, and from receiving the Sacrament

of the Lord's Supper, and delivering a Certificate thereof according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of

Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty a Ann. (I.) c. 6.

1 Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of

Popery; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons who Neglecting to

kve incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act qualify agreeable mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the 10 A<^-

hid Aft, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged

from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred before March

by reafoo of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no 25, 1815, iq,

Ad done by any of them not yet avoided, shall be questioned or damnified.

avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but that all such

Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be good and effectual, as

if Inch Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath,

+and received the said Sacrament, and delivered the Certificate thereof, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time, Place and Manner, as in the said Act is mentioned; any

thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided Provifq,

+always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last recited Act, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein con- Not indemnified tafaed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend* to indemnify for any Penalty any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given, in Jr Aakm of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by haying negWfted to qualify himself within the time limited by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to exempt contained in this Act shall extend or be conllrued to extend to Justices a^in^ exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from legal

the Penalties to which he iB subject for acting as such without being ^ua cat, on* posseifed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Appointment?

Peace, Town Clerks, and other public Officers, and the Admissiops

1 of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations and Bo- March^.jSis*

rough Towns in Great Britain, or the Entries or such Admissions

in the Court Books, Rolls or Records of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament

are directed and required to be {lamped, may not have been provided, or the same not llamped, or may have been loft or mifjaid

Be it further enacted, That, for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain, on or before die Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to provide or cause to be provided, Appointments, and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly llamped; or, in case where such Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been

confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, kc. of Corporations, kc.

Offices enjoyed, and indemnified from Penalties, kc. of Omissions.

Not to extend to reltore Perl'ons to Office avoided by Judgment.

filing Affidavits before Hilary Term 1815,

C. 5. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions or x Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties to be duly stamped $ which such Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered and required to duly (lamp, on Payment of the Duties first payable, or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admis-, lions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, without any Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the " said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper 5 and such Persons^so providing Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified c to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Public Officer,: or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, not with (landing his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations or Borough Town8, as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Damages by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, that this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to rcllore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person; but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this Act, be legally entitled to the lame, as if this Act had never been made.

VII. And whereas many Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contrails in Writing entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors in Great Britain; and such Contract, and the Indenture thereof to be inrolled within the time in which the same ought to have been done, and many Infants, and others, may thereby incur certain Disabilities For preventing thereof, and relieving such Persons, be it enacted, That every Person who, at the passing of this Act, shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or such Contract or Indenture to be inrolled, and who, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall cause such Contract or Indenture to be WpUed with the proper Officer in that behalf, and One or more

1L Affidavit

*5

A.D. 18134 54 GEO. III. C. 5, 6.

Afidarit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such sanner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, M be, and is hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and apicft all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, and incurred or to be iocnrred, for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the Fhrft Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight bundled and fifteen, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on or profequted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and, upon their Defence, give this Act and the spechl Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon*

CAP. VI.

An Act to flay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Proceedings in Actions under in Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS many of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

incftoled An Act to amend the Law relating to Spiritual Person? 4 bdJing of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual 1 Persons on their Benefices in England* have given Occasion to Amy vexatious Prosecutions; which it is expedient to prevent the farther Proceeding in at present; Be it therefore enacted by Tl*s King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fist of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefist Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be hwfol far the Defendant in any Action already commenced or which &afl be commenced, for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, previous to the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to tpply to the Court in which fudi Action shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings in such Action; and such Court, aid such Judge, respectively, are hereby required to stay such Proceedings accordingly, until the said Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen*

[Condoned to 20th May 1814, c. 44. pojf.; loth July 1814, c* 54. i3* TU 48 43 (?. 3. f. 84. explained and amended, r. 175.

indemnified and ditch.lived from Penalties.

General Kibe.

EXP.

43 0.3. c.s

8uying Proceedings in Attiona brought.

16

C.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1&i$.

CAP. VII.

47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c 19. further continued.

S3 0-3-

Exception.

49 G. 3. c. 30.

43 G. 3. c. 31.

Drawback* Bounty payable on Importation J&ertaiotd.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March On*

thousand eight hundred and f/teen, and amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS the Act herem*ter mentioned has by Experience been found useful and'-beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued in njanner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tl\e same. That an Act made in the forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act (0 provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight (a), and which by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, except only so much of the said yecited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisions oFan Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for continuing the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, is directea to be warehoused under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present M^efby's Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and except as the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year is amended by this Act. (a) [Schedule to 47 G. 3*

Sef. I. r. 19. repealed, c. 100. 1. pod-']

II. And be it further enacted, That if in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for die Four Mouths preceding the First Wednesdayya May or preceding the First Wednesday in September in the Year Une thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or preceding the First Wednesday in January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or preceding any or either of the said Days in any subsequent Year, during the Continuance of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, and this Act, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, and inserted in the JLcn-don Gazette, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Four Months in England shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings Sterling British Currency for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, then and in every such case the Drawback, or Bounty in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes shall

Have

*7

A.D. 1813.

GEO. III. C. 7> 8.

hr? been given as aforesaid shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (ficept to Great Britain) of the several Sorts of Sugar mentioned a the said Schedule* until Notice published in the London Gazette of tb? Average Price for the Four Months preceding any other of fcch subsequent Days shall be*jferted in the Dublin Gazette, and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in DrawWkor etery nrspect and subj>l and under and according to the like Rules* Bounty how Regulations, Restrictions, Pennies and Forfeitures as any Drawbacks Pai<*.

'I Bounties are paid and also ked under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties, except in so far as the same are altered by the said recited Act of the Forty Lventh Year aforesaid or this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Ad hereby Act amended, eoctumed* may be amended* altered or repealed by any Ad to be &c. pai&d ia this Session of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parlia- 53 G.3. 0.3$. g V ? meet* intituled an Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign relating to the Redemption of t toe National Debt; and for making further Provisions in respect g there f it was enacted and declared, That, for the Purposes of the $ 1 g said Art, an Amount of Public Debt* equal to the whole Capital of t the Public Debt in perpetual redeemable Annuities existing on the t Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix,

should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged, and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein men-

toned, and (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament by any Act or Acts of the said Session should or might direct should be cancelled in like manner as if the same had been transferred to the

had Commissioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provisions of the several A<ds thereunto relating, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to 1 the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any otheT manner* for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 and it* was thereby further enacted* that whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan,

of in any other manner which might create an Addition to ^hePublic Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present or any future 1 Year should exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February*fiwaid have been or should be estimated to be applicable in the same Year to the Reduction of the National Debt 5 then and in every(ach case an annual Sum amounting to the One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock* created by so much only of the Monies raised 1 by way of Loan* or in any other manner as aforesaid in the Year*

should be equal to the Sum so estimated to be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, should be

54 G*0- III. C 4 itfu-d

t 5

18

C. 3. ante.

Certain Sums Pawling iit Bank Books in Names of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt cancelled, and Interest applied to Consolidated Fund.

C. 8. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the said Commissioners in the manner directed by the said therein recited Act of the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty; and with respect to the Excess of the Monies which might be so raised in any Year by way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid, above the estimated Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, such an annual Sum as should be equal to One Half of the Interest of such Excels should be set apart out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund, and should in

like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners: And whereas the Sum, which on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteen was estimated to be applicable in the present Year to the Reduction of the National Debt, amounted to Thirteen millions and thirteen thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds:

And whereas subsequently to the passing of the said Act several Sums of Money, exceeding the said Amount of Thirteen millions and thirteen thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds have been added to the Amount of the Public Debt by divers Acts of Parliament: And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the Sum of Twenty two millions shall be raised by way of Annuities for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And whereas the Charge of the said Sum of Twenty two millions will amount to the Sum of One million seven hundred sixty three thousand nine hundred and eighty two Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for such Charge in the manner directed by the said recited A&Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Twenty two millions two hundred and fifty seven thousand four hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Sum of Thirty six millions five hundred and forty two thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities standing in the Names of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be cancelled from those Days respectively; and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Addition made or to be made (a) to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year. (a) Quee c. 3. ante ce. 76. 85. post.]

AJJ.iSrj,

*9

54 GEO. III. C. 9.

CAP. IX.

An Act for fixing the Commencement and Termination of Lxences to be granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Scotland.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS the Prohibition to brew or make Worts or

Wash for Di it illation, or to distil Spirits from Corn or

Grain, being continued in force until the First Day of December 1 One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Licences granted 1 or to be granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Scotland, for the Consumption of Scotland, for the Year ensuing, 1 cannot commence and take Effect on the Tenth Day of November,

the legal and accustomed Day of Commencement in each Year: 1 And whereas it is expedient, for the better levying and collecting the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, that each and every Licence granted or to be granted for the making and distilling of Spirits in Scotland for

Consumption in Scotland, should commence and take Effect from the

Period fixed by Law for the Commencement of such Licences Be k therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Licence or Licences granted and issued, or to be granted and issued in Scotland, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force to anjr Person or Persons to make or distil Spirits from Corn or Grain io any Part of Scotland for Consumption in Scotlandat any time after the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall be permitted or allowed, and before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall commence and take ellbft, and be deemed, taken and adjudged to have commenced and taken effect, from the Tenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, at whatever time such Licence or Licences may hare been or shall be granted or issued.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence or Licences, as granted as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be and continue in force for zzj longer or further Period than until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Licence granted or to be granted by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, Brail he and the same is hereby made subject and liable to dl and every of the Conditions, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Licences granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain is or may be liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force before the passing of this Act, in a? fell a manner as if aH and every the Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of the present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted,. That this Act may he altered, nried or repealed by any Act or Acts of this present Session of PvBament.

Commencement of Licence.

Duration of Licence.

Licence fuhje& to Conditions in force before passing of A

Ail altered, kc.

40

C. 10.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 18t3.

Si G. 3. C.X18.

His Majesty may employ in ny Part of United Kingdom any Par* or present Militia Force of G. B. or Ireland, making voluntary Offer to serve, without Reference to such Limitation.

Commanding Officer Ifiall explain to Men that Offers are to be voluntary.

Continuance. Act altered, &c.

CAP. X.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit V the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias refbeBivelj: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended, for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to employ a greater Number of the Militia of Great Britain in Ireland, and of the Militia of Ireland in England I a), at one time, than are allowed by the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent^ Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, to accept the Services of the Militia of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, to serve in Ireland, and of the Militia of Ireland\ or any Part thereof, to serve in Great Britain (), without regard to the Proportions of the Militia of one Country allowed I to serve in the other, or any Rotation, specified in the said recited i Act 5 and from time to time to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom such Part of the Regular Militia of Great Britain and the Militia of Ireland respectively, as may make such voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom, without regard to such Limitations as aforesaid, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit so to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by his, or their Chief Secretary, directed by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain or Ireland, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services, under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances as His Majesty may think fit to appoint; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

(a) [&r the enaSing Part of this SeBion* ] () [&* the Preamble*]

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the said Militia, of either Part of the United Kingdom, shall he compelled to make such Offer, except by his own Consent; and no Commanding Officerffiall certify according to this Act any voluntary Offer previously to his having explained to every Person of the Militia offering so to serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1813

54 GEO. III.

C ii

21

CAP. XI.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making better Provision for Soldiers, to Serjeants of the Militia.

t [6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of 46 G.j. c. 6f.

an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for mating better Provision for

Soldiers, and of any Regulation made in pursuance thereof, should be extended to Seneants of the Regular Militia of Great Britain

or Ireland/* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Serjeant Serjeants of of Militia who shall, from and after the patting of this Act, become Militia may rs-entitled to his Discharge by reason of the Expiration of any Period ce, ^e ^enfi!in# of Service fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty gulauonsmadV in that Behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an by His Majesty. Invalid or d.fabled, shall thereupon become legally entitled to receive

such Pension, Allowance or Relief, as shall have been fixed in any Order or Regulations made by His Majesty in relation to such cases respectively, and for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament 5 and every such Serjeant may claim to be paid or receive the same, under the Provisions of this Act, or any Rules or Regulations made in pursuance thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant of Militia

who shall have been discharged by reason of the Expiration of any Serjeants dii-Period of Service fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by charged.

His Majesty, in that Behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an Invalid or disabled, shall, from and after the patting of this Act, become legally entitled to an additional Pension, which together with the Pension he may now receive shall be equal to the iner^afed Pension to which Surgeons are entitled under the Provisions of this Act, or any Rules and Regulations made in pursuance thereof, such additional Pension to take Effect from the patting of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That every Ser- Mode of com* jeant of Militia, whole Offers of Extended Service in the Militia Put, I?&ot foil be accepted by His Majesty, shall be allowed to reckon, for Scmce*

the Purpose of claiming any Pension, Allowance or Relief, given by any such Orders and Regulations as aforesaid at the Expiration of his Service, or in case of his Discharge Two Years for such Offer of Extended Service, and also Two Years for every Year of such Service in the Militia as aforesaid, in any Part of Europe out of His Majesty's Dominions; and every Militia Man who shall so extend \c % Service*, and who shall hereafter volunteer into His Majesty'

Regular Foroes, shall be entitled to reckon for such Offer of Ex-teafton of Service as a bfilitia Man, and for such Extended Service under any such Offer, and also for such volunteering into His Majesty Regular Fprcet, such Number of Years respectively for the Purpose of claiming any Pension, Allowance or Relief as a Soldier, as shall be fixed by any Rules, Regulations or Orders, made by His Majesty in that Behalf.

Q J IV- PW-

C. 11) 12.

Orders and Regulation laid before Parliament.

Provisions of 46 G., v c. 69. to apply to Ad.

His Majesty nuy ad.i an F.uhth, Niuth and Tenth Battalion, in Sixtieth Regiment, Foreigners may serve therein.

Foreign Officers m ay lerve, and receive Pay.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Orders and Regulations from time to time made by His Majesty, in relation to the Discharge of Serjeants of the Militia after the Expiration of any Periods of Service, and also in relation to any Pdifion, Allowance or Relief, to any discharged or invalid, disabled or wounded Soldiers, shall be laid before Parliament; and that Estimates of the Amount of all such Pensions, Allowances and Relief, and of all contingent Expences and Charges relating to the Payment, Control and Management thereof, shall also be annually laid before Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign aforesaid contained, shall extend and be construed to extend, and be used, applied and enforced, in relation to any Rules and Regulations made for giving any Pensions, Allowances or Relief under this Act, and the demanding, paying, receiving, recovering and accounting for any Pensions, Allowances or Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same w re severally repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of this Act; and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed as one Act.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to augment the Sixtieth Regiment to Ten Battalions, by Enlistment of Foreigners.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to augment His Sixtieth Regiment of Infantry*

now consisting of Seven Battalions, by the Addition of an Eighth*

Ninth and Tenth Battalion; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent*of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to augment the said Sixtieth Regiment of Infantry, by the Addition of an Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Battalion, to confilt of One thousand Men each, and to enlist as Soldiers to serve in such Battalions any Foreigners now in His Majesty's Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein, and to employ such Regiment, or any Part thereof, in any Country or Place out of Great Britain; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Officers who shall receive Commissions from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be Officers in the said Regiment, for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to augment the same to Ten Battalions (which Commissions it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant) shall be enabled to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment; and when reduced shall be capable of receiving Half Pay, according to the Rank in which they shall serve at the time of fuel: Reduction.

A.D. 18j3

54 GEO. III. C. 13.

3

CAP. XIII.

An Act for giving Effect to certain Engagements of His Majesty with the Emperor of all the Russias and the King of Prussia, for furnishing a Part of the pecuniary Succours for afiiiting His Majesty's said Allies, in supporting the Expences of the War with France.

[6th December 1813.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by Two several Conventions, signed at London Conventions,

Yr on the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight h^ndon, Sep-

hundred and thirteen, between Your Majesty on the one Part, tcml'er

ard their Majesties the Emperor of all the RuJJiai and the King, 5' s of Prussia respectively on the other, it was agreed, That a Part

of the Pecuniary Succours which Your Majesty was desirous of t fjrn: ih: r*g to Your said Allies, to assist them in supporting the s Expeiicr s of the War with France, should be furnished by Aid 1 of the Public Credit of Great Britain, and under the Form of t Bills exclusively applicable to the Expences of the War, and to 1 be re-; mbursed in Specie, upon certain Terms and Conditions 5 and t Your Majesty by the said Conventions engaged to propose toYour Parliament to authorize the Issue of these Bills of Credit, c for the Benefit of their Majesties the Emperor of all the Russias icd the King of Prussia, for the Sum of Two millions five hundred thouhnd Pounds Sterling, or of Fifteen millions Prussian Thalers of the Denomination and Weight of One thousand seven hundred and sixty fcrtir, to be furnished Monthly in manner therein mentioned,

1 in the Proportion of Two Thirds of each Monthly Issue for the 1 Emperor of all the Russias, and of One Third thereof for the King of Prussia, and to be computed from the Fifteenth Day of Jane of the Current Year; so that Your Majesty has engaged 1 to place at the Disposal of the Emperor and the King, for the Fir& Irftalment, as many Millions of Thalert as there shall have been Months elapsed since the Fifteenth Day of June last, and thereafter a Million each Month, until the Issue of Fifteen Millions of Thalers shall be completed: And it is in the said Conventions further stipulated, that Commissioners should be named ( on the Part of Your Majesty and the said Sovereigns respectively,

upon the Conti cent, who should be charged to direct the CircuLtcn of the said Paper in conformity with the Principles of the Lid Conventions; and that the Bills of Credit to be issued under the said Conventions should not bear Interest, but that a General 4 Office should be opened, in such Town in the North of Germany t a? the Britishb Government with the Concurrence of the Court*

of Russia and Prussia should point out for the Purpose, wherew the Holders of each Bill should be admitted to fund them in a

Capital Stock or Fund bearing Interest at the Rate of Six ter Centum per Annum, or at the Choice of the Holders of the said Bills, in Debentures bearing Six per Centum Interest; and that

1 the Interest of the Bills funded and converted into a Six per Centum

Stock, or into Debentures, should be payable every Six Months, in 1 whatever City of the North of Germany Your Majesty's Commissioners should point out for that Purpose, to commence from

C 4 'the

*4

Treasury mny ifrue Bills of Credit, and provide Books for funding same; and prepare Bills bearing an Interest to be exchanged in lieu thereof.

Money issued oiu of Supplies of Year, to piy Interest and Principal of Securities,

!. 13. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

the Month following that of their being deposited in the General

Office; and that the Bills which should neither have been registered

nor funded before the Signature of the Preliminaries of Peace

should be entitled to an interest of One Half per Centum per Month, to commence from the Period of the said Signature until

that of their Re-imbursement; and that the Re-imbursement

of the whole of the said Fifteen millions Thalers of Bills of

Credit, should be made in Specie either in Prussian Thalers according to the Tariff of One thousand seven hundred and sixty ' four, or in Spanish Dollars at the Rate of Two Spanish Dollars for Three such Thalers as aforesaid, and to the Amount of One Million of Thalers per Month, in the manner stated in such Conventions, and to commence from the Month following the Ratification of a General Peace: And whereas we, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have resolved that

Provision be made for enabling Your Majesty to defray the Expences which may be incurred in the Execution of the said Conventions, not exceeding Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or Fifteen Millions of Prussian Thalers Principal Money:, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enabled by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall and they are hereby empowered to cause Bills of Credit in the Form specified in the said Conventions, and not exceeding the Amount of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or of Fifteen Millions of Prussian Thalers of the Denomination and Weight of One thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to be prepared and signed by the Commissioner to be named on the Part of His Majesty, and to be issued to the respective Commissioners to be named on the Part of their Majesties the Emperor of all the Rujfas and the King of Prujfa, in the respective Proportions and at the times specified in the said Conventions; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby also empowered and required to cause proper Books to be provided and kept by the Commissioner to be named on the Part of His Majesty for receiving the Subscriptions of all such Holders of the said Bills of Credit as may be desirous to fund the same in a Six per Centum Stock, and also to cause Bills bearing an Interest of Six per Centum from the Month succeeding the Date of their Registry, to be prepared and issued to all such Holders of the said Bills of Credit as may be desirous of converting them into Bills bearing an Interest as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said ^.ord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being respectively, shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered from time to time, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of any Year, to cause to be issued such Sums of Money as shall he required for the Payment of the Interest on such of the said Securities as may from time to time bear an Interesti and also for the Payment

I

ID.i 8ij.

54 GEO. III.

*5

wot of the Principal Monies due thereon, as and when the same may frjm time to time become payable, conformably to the Tenor of His Mijfih's Engagements, as specified in the said Conventions respec-Lniy; and also such Sums as may be required to pay and satisfy all the Expences attending the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Trea- Account*laid forer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall before Pwlia-cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parlia* menu

meat, within Twenty Days after the Commencement of every Session, u Account of the Total Amount of the said Bills of Credit which have been ifibed, and also of such as have been funded, and of those which hare been converted into Bills bearing an Interest, and of tWe which remain unfunded and unconverted as aforesaid respectively, up to the Thirty first Day of December then next preceding, together with an Account of the Total Sums which shall from time to tune have been issued and applied by virtue of this Act for paying and satisfying the Interest on all or any of the said Securities, and toward* paving and satisfying the Principal thereof (in case the Prin-epaiof any of the said Securities shall then have been paid), and also for paring the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasury may Lord Ri-rhTreasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any

Three or more of them for the time being, to appoint such Officers#rry A^t int# and Clerks in the Office of the said Commissioner to be named on the Execution, and Part of His Majesty, and in Great Britain, as they may deem ne- S.l.iiei for cefhrj for carrying this Act into Execution, and to grant such Trouble. Salaries and Compensations to the said Commissioners and Officers and Clerks for their Trouble and Labour therein, as they may think it and reasonable in that Behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forine, fcc. shall forge, counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counter- Bills See. kited, or willingly ad or aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bill, Receipt, Instrument or Security, made and issued

under the Authority of this Act, or the Signature or Name of any Commissioner or other Person or Persons to or upon any such Bill,

Receipt, Instrument or Security, or any Indorsement or Writing upon any such Bill, Receipt, Instrument or Security, or alter or cause or procure to be altered, or ad as aforesaid, or assist in the altering any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or nbtiih as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Bill,

Receipt, Instrument or Security (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered), with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Hrirs or Successors, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whatsoever, then and in every such case every Person being thereof convicted in due Form of Law shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Death. Clergy*

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Aa altered, taried or repealed, by any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

1<S

A.D. 1813.

On Re(?tnation, &c. of Accountant General, Property to vert in Successor.

Property heretofore verted in ?my former Accountant General verted in present Accountant peneraL

Afc done by

Accountant General under

C. 14. 54 GEO. III.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to provide that Property vested in the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery as such, shall, upon

his Death, Removal or Resignation, veil from time to time in

those who shall succeed to the Office.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide by Law as is herein*

after enacted; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That in all cases in which, by virtue of this Act or of any Act of Parliament, Conveyance. Asignment, Transfer, Obligation or Security, any Interest in Real or Personal Estate, Effects or Property, hath been or shall be veiled in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to, or secured to the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery as such Accountant General, and in respect of His Office as such, the same, upon the Death, Removal or Resignation of each Accountant General from time to time, and as often as the case shall happen, and the Appointment of a Successor, shall veil, subject to the same Trulls as the same were before respectively subject to, in the succeeding Accountant General by force of this Act, and without any Act whatever to be done by the Accountant General resigning or removed, or by the Heirs, Ex-'ecutors or Administrators of any Accountant General religning, removed or dying, or any Person or Persons claiming under him, them or any of them, and notwithstanding any such Interest may have been expressed to have been veiled in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to, or secured to the Accountant General, his Heir*, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of such succeeding Accountant General by any Action or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other manner as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such former Accountant General.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which by virtue of any Act of Parliament, Conveyance, Alignment, Transfer, Obligation or Security, any Interests in any Real or Personal Estate, Effects or Property have been heretofore veiled in any former Accountant General as Accountant General, and in respect of his Office as such, and which may now remain veiled in his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the fatne was vested in him as Accountant General in

ircfpeft of such his Office, all such Interests shall, by force of this Act, from and after the passing thereof, be and the same are hereby vested in the present Accountant General as Accountant General, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of the present Accountant General, or the Accountant General hereafter for the time being in any Action or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other manner as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such former Accountant General.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fill Acts done or to be done by the present or any future Accountant

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 14, 15.

cm tint General, under any Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees, of the Court of Chancery, touching any Real or Personal Estate, Property or Effects, the Interest wherein respectively is by this Act felted or intended to be vested in the present Accountant General, and in succeeding Accountants General, shall by force of this Act be deemed and taken to be valid and effectual; and also, that all A 61$ heretofore done by any Accountant General for the time being, in Obedience to any such Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees, touch-rag any Real or Personal Estate, Effects or Property, the Interest wherein respectively might have remained at the time such Acts were done in any former Accountant General, who had resigned or had been removed, or in the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any then deceased Accountant General, shall by force of this A A bo deemed and taken to be valid and effectual.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts, in His Majesty's Colony of Nru) South Wales.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS His Majesty's Subjects, trading to and residing

Y\ in the Colony of New South Wales, and its Dependencies,

lie undeT great Difficulties, for want of more easy Methods of proving, recovering and levying of Debts, due to them within the said Colony: And whereas it is expedient those Difficulties should 1 be removed; 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ad Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty 6lth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in any Suit or Action then depending or thereafter to be brought in acy Court of Law or Equity within the said Colony of New South Wah:, or its Dependencies, for or relating to any Debt or Account, wherein any Person residing in Great Britain shall be a Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Defendant, and also to and for any Witness to be examined or made use of in such Aerioror Suit, to verify or prove any Matter or Thing by Affidavit or Affidavits in Writing upon Oath, or in case the Person making fjch Affidavit be one of the People called Quakers, then upon his or her folernn Affirmation, made before any Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the City, Borough or Town Corporate in Great Britain where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation shall relide, and certified and transmitted under the Common Seal of such City, Borough or Town Corporate, or the Seal of the Office of such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate 5 which Oath and solemn Affirmation every such Mayor and Chief Magistrate Bull be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and ewry Affidavit or Affirmation so made, certified and transmitted, ball in all such Actions and Suits, be allowed to be of the same Force and Effect as if the Person or Persons making the same upon Oath or folernn Affirmation as aforesaid, had appeared and sworn or affirmed the Matters contained in such Affidavit or Affirmation viva voce in open Court, or upon a Commission issued for the Ex-nuoation of Witnesses, or of any Party in any such Action or

Suit

*7

nny Order of Court valid.

Debts in New South Waif'S proved on Oath before Chief May (irate here.

Quaker!.

Eff*el of AflRd*. vit or Affiimar tion.

*8

[Proviso.]

Debts to His Majesty proved in same manner.

False Oath, or Affirmation.

Perjury.

Lands, Sec. in Plantations, liable to satisfy Debts.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.ja.

C. 15, 16. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Suit respectively: Provided that in every such Affidavit and Affirmation there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Affirmation, and the particular Place oif his or ner Abode.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Suits now depending, or hereafter to be brought, in any Court of Law or Equity, by or in behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, for or relating to any Debt or Account, that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall and may prove His and their Debts and Accounts, and examine His or their Witness or Witnesses, by Affidavit or Affirmation in like manner as any Subject or Subjects is or are empowered or may do by this present Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person making such Affidavit upon Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully swearing or affirming any Matter or Thing in such Affidavit or Affirmation, which if the -fame had been sworn upon an Examination in the usual Form would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm areprovided against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Houses, Lands and other Hereditaments and Real Estates, situate or being within the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, belonging to any Person indebted, shall be liable to and chargeable with all just Debts, Duties and Demands of what Nature or Kind soever, owing by any such Person to His Majesty or any of his Subjects, and shall and may be Assets for the Satisfaction thereof, in like manner as Real Estates are by the Law of England liable to the Satisfaction of Debts due by Bond or other Specialty, and shall be subject to the like Remedies, Proceedings and Proceis, in any Court of Law or Equity in the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, for seizing, extending, felling or disposing of any such Houses, Lands and other Hereditaments and Real Estates, towards the Satisfaction of such Debts, Duties and Demands, and in like manner as Personal Estates in the said Colony are seized, extended, sold or disposed of, for the Satisfaction of Debts*

CAP. XVI.

An Act to explain an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[6th December 18*3-1

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A

for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from ftting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain f and Ireland; and also for carrying into effcQ Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in '6 f opbat

C. 16.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

2)

1 cW Cases Personi holding Offices or Places of Profit under The 1 Crstun of f Ireland shall be incapable of being Members of the t &ie

House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom,

1 it is, amongst. other things, enacted, That if any Person being 9.

eta fen a Member of the House of Commons shall, from and after

tta passing of the said Act, accept of any Office of Profit whatever immediately and directly from The Crown of the said United Kingdom, or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other 1 Appointment, ftibjed: to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant,

Lord Deputy, Lord Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Irelandf his Seat shall thereupon become vacant, and a Writ shall issue for a new

Election: And whereas it may have happened, and may frequently happen, that Persons being Members of the House of Commons,

sad holding or having holden Offices of Profit by the Nomination

or Appointment, or by some Appointment subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ may have remained or continued in, or may remain or continue in, or may have been or may be nominated or appointed, or re-appointed by the Suectffor or Successors to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justicet or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland^ by whom such Persons were nominated, appointed or approved, to hold, or to continue to hold the same Office to which such Persons werr so appointed; and Doubts may have arisen, or may arise,

whether in such case, the Seat of such Persons shall thereupon

become vacant or not: For the obviating of all such Doubts, be Seats of Persons it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- fUCCe^ng poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Lieut* nants,c. Authority of the same, That if at any time before or after the passing not to be of this Act any Person being a Member of the House of Commons, vacated, who shall have accepted of any Office of Profit whatever, on the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other Appointment subject to the Approbation of any Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have remained or continued in, or shall remain or continue in, or shall have accepted or re-accepted, or shall accept or re-accept the same Office, by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any Appointment subject to the Approbation of any Successor or Successors to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by whom such Person was previously nominated, appointed or approved, or re-appointed or continued, the Seat of such Person so remaining or con-rimniig in, or accepting or re-accepting such Office, from or under mmj fcch Successor or Successors, shall not thereupon become vacant, nor shall any Writ issue for a new Election; any thing in the said recked Ad, or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall To whttPer-extead, or be construed to extend to any Person or Persons but such son* have been or shall have continued and remained, or shall be, or wlcn fell continue and remain, in any such Office at the time of the De-ctafe, Removal or Absence, as tie case may be, of the Lord Lieutenant,

30

c. I. ante.

His Majesty empowered to accept voluntary Offers of Proportion of London Militia to l'erve in any Pan of Europe.

Bounty of Eight Guineas to Persons making voluntary Offer.

Oath.

C. 16, 17. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

tenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justicea or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by whom such Person was nominated, appointed or approved, or re-appointed or continued.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City of London, out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[6th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is highly important that the most effectual Measures should be adopted for the vigorous Prosecution of the War upon the Continent of Europe: And whereas the City of London, notwithstanding the Exemptions from raising Men for Military Service contained in their Charters, are desirous and have

voluntarily proposed, That His Majesty should be empowered to accept any Offers of a Proportion of the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Two Regiments of Militia of the said City of London, to serve in any Part of Europe, under certain Regulations, in Addition to the Proportion of the Militia of the United Kingdom, whose Services shall be accepted by His Majesty by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, and to employ in any Part of Europe, under the Regulations and Restrictions specified in this Act, such Part of the prefepfr Militia of the City of London, not exceeding Three fourths of the Number actually serving in each Regiment of such Militia as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid 5 and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by his Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer of each or either of such Regiments, to propose to such Regiment respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof not exceeding such Proportion as aforesaid, to extend their Services to all Parts of Europe, under such Rules and Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Eight Guineas, shall be allowed to every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man who shall make such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid shall take the following Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King Georget his

5*Heirs

A.D. 1813.

54 GEO. III.

3*

Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully serve in the

London Militia in any Part of Europe during the Remainder of the

War, and until the Expiration of Six Montha after the Termina- tion thereof, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive i Treaty of Peace, unless I shall he sooner discharged.'

And every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man Enrolment, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, and taking such Oath, loallbe enrolled to serve in the London Militia in any Part of Europe, according to the Terms of such Oath, and such several Enrolments shall take place, and such Oaths shall be administered, by the Officer commanding the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer,

Drummer and Private Man respectively shall belong, or by the Lord Mayor or any Commissioner of Lieutenancy, or Justice of the Peace, at such times and under such Regulations as His Majesty, by any Order to be signed by the Secretary of State or his Secretary, shall in that behalf direct or appoint; and every Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man so enrolled to serve in the London Militia in any Part of Europe, under the Provisions of this Act shall be entitled to his Discharge at the Expiration of the Period specified Diich.uge.

in such Oath, without aoy regard to the Period for which he shall have been enrolled to serve in the Militia of the City of London, by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, one of them passed in the

Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled G 3 c. a.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament Two several Acts passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London; and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City; and the other of them passed in the

Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 39 G. 3.08*.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and

re discing'into One Act of Parliament Two several Acts passed in the

Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* for the better ordering of the Militia of the City of London

and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Commanding London Militia shall be compelled to make such Offer, or be engaged Officers toex-to serve ont of the United Kingdom, except by his own Consent, and Wa*n tllat Offer no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Act any volun- is VoluDUry-tary Offer before he shall have explained to every Person offering to

serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Service* of One Majesty to accept the Services of One Field Officer of each or either Field Officer sc-Regiment of London Militia, in which Three hundred Private Men cePled with 300 fhafi offer to extend their Service under this Act, and in case no

Field Officer of either Regiment from which such Numbers of Men a^0

respectTely shall so volunteer as aforesaid, shall offer to extend his ing to EfUbliiK. Sernces with such Men, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give the ment.

Rank of Field Officer to any Captain in such Regiment respectively who may offer to extend his Services with such Men, and it shall also be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of such Proportion of other Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, with such Numbers of Private Men as are allowed to such Numbers

of

3*

His Majesty may form Militia for eitendod Service into Provisional Regiments.

Rank of Officer*.

In what case His Majesty may appoint Officer*.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Officer* whose Offers of Extended Service are accepted, in wh^t case entitled to Half Pay. Pensions to Widow* of Officers.

C. 17. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

of Men respectively in the Establishment of the said Regimems of London Militia, by virtue of the said Acts of the Thirty* sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time to form the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who lh J1 so extend their Services from the said Regiments of London Militia, into such Provisional Regiments or Battalions as may be deemed most expedient for His Majesty's Service, either by th emselves or together with the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who shall have extended their Services from the Regiments of Militia of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that in all cases in which a Field Officer of Militia shall have volunteered for Extended Service in any Part of Europe, the Officer having the Chief Command in such Provisional Battalion shall be a Field Officer of Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of the London Militia shall, while out of the United Kingdom upon any such Extended Service, rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces higher than as a Lieutenant Colonel of the Militia.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the

Number of Officers of each Rank so volunteering to extend their Services to any Part of Europe, and accepted by His Majesty, shall not be in due Proportion to the Number of Men lo volunteering from the same Regiment, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any fit and proper Persons to be Officers in such Provisional Battalions of Militia, without regard to the Qualifications now required by Law for such Officers in the Militia, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may occur in such Provisional Battalions of Militia, in consequence of the Death, Resignation or Dismissal of any such Officer who shall have been so appointed by His Majesty 2 Provided always, that no Person so appointed by His Majesty shall hold a Commission in any such Provisional Battalion of higher Rank than that of a Subaltern, unless he shall at the time of such Appointment have been an Officer in His Majesty's Regular Forces or Militia: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Appointment of Officers as established by the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in any case of Vacancy which may occur in consequence of the Death, Resignation or Dismissal of any London Militia Officer who may have volunteered for Extended Service in Europe

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of the London Militia whose Offers of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe under the Provisions of this Act shall be ac- 5 cepted by His Majesty, shall be entided to Half Pay, according to the Ranks in which their Services shall be accepted, to serve out of the United Kingdom, in like manner, and under such and the like circumstances, as Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces 5 and the Widows of all such Commissioned Officers killed in such Extended Service shall be entitled to receive such Pensions for Life as are given to Widows of His Majesty's Regular Foroes: Provided always, that no Officer who mail be appointed to supply any Vacancy which may arise in the Militia on such Extended Service, shall be entitled to such Half Pay, unlefil he shall actually join the Militia upon such Extended Service.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. 0* iy 23

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non Commis- Subject to houed Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the London Militia, Mutiny Act. mending their Services to any Part of Europe, shall, upon leaving the United Kingdom upon such Extended Service, and during fuen Service until their Return to the United Kingdom, be subject to all the Laws in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, in Hke manner, in every respect, as His Majesty's Regular Forces; and ill Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces shall be entitled to lit 0^cerf and h any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commis- cer* of Re- fioaed Officer, Drummer or Private Man of the London Militia, while Courts Maftial. fio serving out of the United Kingdom under this Act; and all Officers of the London Militia shall, during such Extended Service, be entitled to (it in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, of His Majesty's Regular Forces

y Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not-

always, and be it further enacted, That all the Lon- Militia con. don Militia enrolled and formed for Extended Service as Militia to tinued and re-any Part of Europe under this Act, shall, notwithstanding such Extension of Service, remain subject to all the Provisions and Regula-su

taxis contained in the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty (except in such cases as are in this Act particularly specified), and shall be entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provisions for their Wives and Families as they would have been entitled to by virtue of such Acts if they had continued serving as the London Militia in the United Kingdom.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, from time to time to make such Regulations as His Majesty may make Regu-may deem most expedient, in relation to the retaining upon the Efta- }at, on*Jfbrretain-bhffiment of the London Militia, Supernumeraries or otherwise, any ^Su rnume-Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of each or either n

Regiment of London Militia, as may not io volunteer to extend their Service to any Part of Europe, or as may not be so employed upon such Extended Service; any thing in the said recited Act or Acts of Parliament of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth years of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of Proviso for City London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this Act or of London, any thing herein contained, shall not diminiffi, or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London or the Freemen, Citizens or Inhabitants of the said City, or the Suburbs and liberties of the same or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and Freemen, Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said Rights, Liberties,

Usages, Cu floras, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions, in as full, xnple and beneficial a manner as if this Act had not been made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act Act altered, &c. oc any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

54 Geo. III. D XIV. And

any thing in an withstanding.

34

[Public Act.]

C. 17, 18, 19. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[5Ve as to Proportion of Men raised under this Act, c. 38. 4. post*]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Bri-taiti, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[ 1 oth December 1813.]

TREASURY empowered to raise jfi 0, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  {1, 2. Treasury to apply Money raised, 3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session, $4. Interest thereon of 3I per.4 Cent. per Diem, 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer; 4 after April 5, 1815, 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 4 ^6, 500, 000. on the Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. C. 20.  7. Act altered, &c. this Session, 8.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Local Militia out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand: eight hundred and fifteen.

[loth December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, in the present circumVV fiances, that His Majesty should be enabled to make the most effectual Use of the Diipofable Military Force of His Realms,

in aid of the Efforts now making upon the Continent of Europe,

and for that Purpose should be empowered to accept of a limited Extension of Service of the Local Militia, for a short Period, for the Internal Defence of Great Britain;Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. His Majesty That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of may accept any such Parts of the Local Militia of Great Britain as may make volun-Offers of Local tary Offers, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, out of Counties ^erv*nff uder the Act, out of the Counties within which they shall under certain*be enrolled, and as His Majesty may think proper, to permit so to Restrictions. extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of the said Local Militia Forces of Great Britain, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances, as His Majesty may think fit to make and appoint in that behalf, futyeft nevertheless to the Restrictions contained in this Act; and it mall be lawful for His Majesty to call out and employ from time to time, any such Parts or Proportions of any Local Militia so volunteering as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner as He shall 13 think

3*

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

&ak fit, oat of their Counties* for any Period not exceeding such n are allowed by this Act 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Local Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Local Serv, c not to Militia shall be allowed to extend its Services, or be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Extended Service under this Act, for any y

longer Period than Forty two Days in the whole in any One Year, including the Days of assembling and disembodying 5 and all Days of Service, under any such voluntary Offers as aforesaid, shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under the Acts already in force for the Regulation of the Local Militia of England and Scotland respectively; and if they shall exceed the Number of Twenty eight Days, shall be deemed to include the Period of Training and Exercise under the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Regulations as Pnmfoes, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, to embodied Matters and Things, in the said Acts respectively contained, as to y*

the Local Militia when embodied for Service in case of Invasion, ijOC3\ Militia shall extend and be construed to extend to the Local Militia when on such Ex-fcnring under any such voluntary Offers under this Act, out of the tended Service. Counties within which they are enrolled, as fully and effectually as if the same were severally and respectively re-enacted as to such Service of the Local Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have Provision for ferred as a Serjeant in the Local Militia for Twenty Years, or any SerKants Person who, having previously served as a Serjeant in the Regular ear*r" Armyf or in the Regular Militia, shall, by Service in the Local

Militia, make up in the whole such Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia and Local Militia taken together, and who fall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity mall, on the Recommendation of the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, or of the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable of being placed on the E&ablishment of Chelsea Hospital, if the said Board mall judge him deferring thereof, at such Rate of Pension as shall be assigned to the SeijoLts of the Regular Militia by any Rules or Regulations made by His Majesty in their behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Continuance,

force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun- altered, lie.

died and fifteen, and no longer; and may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts which ipay be passed in the present Scf-

fioo of Parliament.

by

C.ao.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

c*i. ante.

Power of appointing Field Officers to Provisional Regiments.

CI. 5. ante.

Militia Officers serving with higher Rank, deemed such within meaning of Act.

Officers of Militia entitled to Half Pay.

Regulations made for retaining Officers on Establishment of Militia after Expiration of Extended Service*

CAP. XX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War \ and to extend the Provisions thereof to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

[10th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled an Act to enable His Majesty to accept

the Services of a Proportion of the ATilitia out of the united Kingdom9 for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: And whereas it is

expedient that further Provisions should be made for the more effectually carrying the said Act into Execution, and that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any such Number of Officers of his Regular Forces or Militia as His Majesty shall think fit, to serve during any Period of Extended Service, out of the United Kingdom, as Field Officers in the Provisiopal Regiments or Batttu* lions of Militia, formed under the said recited Act for Extended Service, in addition to the Officers of the Militia allowed to volun- teer for Extended Service, in Proportion to the Number of Men who shall extend their Service; and all Persons so appointed to serve as Field Officers in any such Provisional Regiments or Battalions shall rank as Field Officers therein, in such manner as His Majesty shall direct, subject nevertheless to the Provisions in the said recited Act contained as to the Officer having the Chief Command in every fuel* Provisional Battalion being a Field Officer of Militia. s.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Militia who shall be appointed by His Majesty to serve in any Provisional Batta* lion of Militia, formed for Extended Service, with higher Rank than that which they previously held in the Militia, shall be deemed and taken to be Militia Officers within the Meaning of the said recited '< Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, and as such shall be capable of commanding such Provisional Battalions.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officer* of Militia whose Services shall be accepted by His Majesty, and who shall hereafter serve upon Extended Service out of the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to the Rank in which they shall so actually serve, and not according to the Rank < in which their Services shall have been so accepted; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, to make such Regulations as His Majesty shall deem expedient for the retaining at the Expiration of any Extended Service out of the United Kingdom any Field Officers, Captains or other Officers of Militia, who mall have actually served upon any such Extended Service in any higher Rank* than those in

C. 20, 21*

31

which they shall hare volunteered their Services, either as Supernumeraries or otherwise, upon the Establishment of the Militia to which they belonged, with the Rank in which they shall have so actually fared, or upon such other Terms in respect to Rank and Service in the Militia as His Majesty shall think fit; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Powers of r-Provisiooa, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and cited Ad and Things in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, and in lhis Act to ex-the Act contained, in relation to the Regular Militia of Great <! to Miners Britan and Ireland, shall extend and be construed to extend to Devon."' the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, raised under an g. 3. c. 7*.

Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty aglth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for racing a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon,

/w the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; and for the more effectualfy raising and regulating a Body of Minert for

tit Defence of Great Britain, in like manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Regiment of Miners

lad been comprised within the Provisions of the said Act, and made

Put thereof, and as if the same were severally and separately repeated

and re-enacted in this Act as to the said Regiment of Miners; and Acts construed

the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament and this as one Act.

AA Sail be construed as One Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered. Act altered, ftg. mended or repealed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be made io this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for charging an equalizing Duty on Scotch Salt brought to England* [ I oth December 1813.]

WHEREAS for the Purpose of equalizing the Duties for or 1 W in respect of Salt made in that Part of Great Britain called

England, and Salt brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, it is expedient to impose the additional Duty herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight Addition*! Dutj handled and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and Sn Sa<^b.r, '^, ht paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, intEngl*nd. the additional Duty herein after mentioned; that is to say. For every Bafbd of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be brought from Scotland kto that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with t Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of Tour Shillings, imposed by an Act made in the Forty third Year g.i. c. 6s of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Sch. A. saitalfd An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also the idSfioad Duty of Two Shillings, imposed by an Act made in the

38

45 G. 3. C. 14. i-

In eaK s of Contrail, Duty added.

How Duty levied.

Application of Money.

52 G. 3. c. 17.

C. 21} 22. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain (a) \ for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, to be paid by the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel bringing or importing such Salt or Rock Salt, before the Landing thereof. Three Shillings.

(a) [Query', What is the Duty meant to be imposed on the first mentioned Salt .*]

II. And whereas Contrails or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act by Dealers in Salt or Rock Salt respectively in that Part of Great Britain called England upon which the additional Duty is by this Act imposed for such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, to be delivered after the said Fifth Day of January; Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering any such Salt or Rock Salt after the said Fifth Day of January in pursuance of any such Contract or Agreement, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Salt or Rock Salt which shall have been charged with the said Duty to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Adit imposed shall be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner as the Duties of Four Shillings and Two Shillings per Bushel respectively imposed by the said Acts made in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for Salt or Rock Salt brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a proper Certificate, is by any Law or Laws in force at the time of passing this Act to be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered or adjudged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer together with the said recited Duties imposed by the said Acts made in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

---

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

[10th December 1813.]

[52 G. 3. c. 17.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended: And whereas the said Act has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Act.1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 22, 23. 39

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[continued.]

That the said Act shall, from and after the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be and the same is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

[10th December 1813.]

[53 G. 3. c. 102.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and it is expedient to amend the said Act; Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Place for holding Court.]

That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, to hold the Court established by virtue of the said Act, and to exercise his Office as occasion shall require in any Part of England; but nevertheless such Commissioner shall at all times have an Office in some convenient Place, either in the Cities of London or Westminster, or in the County of Middlesex, within the Bills of Mortality, for the Dispatch of Business.

[53 G. 3. c. 102, 1.]

II. And whereas it is required by the said Act that every Prisoner applying by Petition to the said Court to be discharged by virtue of the said Act shall previously take the Oath required by the said Act, and that such Petition, with the Schedule in the said Act mentioned, and the said Oath, shall be filed as in the said Act mentioned; and it has been found inconvenient that such Oath should be taken previous to such Petition, and the Order thereon; Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires such Oath to be taken before the presenting of such Petition, and to be filed therewith, and that Notice thereof should be given as provided by the said Act,

[in part repealed.]

be and the same is hereby repealed from in part and after the passing of this Act.

[Petition to contain an Offer to take Oath.]

III. And be it enacted, That instead thereof, from and after the passing of this Act, such Petition shall contain an Offer to take the Oath required by the said Act, in such Form as the circumstances of the case shall require; and that the said Oath shall be taken upon or after the Examination of such Prisoner under the said Act, and shall thereupon be filed as the said Act directs; and that the Notice required by the said Act to be given upon the Order made on such Petition shall not extend to such Oath:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that in all cases in which such Oath shall have been taken before the passing of this Act, the same shall be of the same Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made, and the said Court shall proceed therein accordingly, if the said Court shall think fit.

[Notices under recited Act how given.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which Notices of the Petition of any Prisoner for Discharge under the said Act, and of the Schedule of such Prisoner, and a Copy of the Order on such Petition, are required by the said Act (a) to be served on

(a) [53 G. 3. c. 102. 1.]

40 C. 23. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Creditors, or Persons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for the Court established by virtue of the said Act to dispense with such Service, and to order that Notice of such several Matters may be in the Form or to the Effect expressed in the Schedule to this Act marked (A), or in such other Form or to such other Effect as the said Court shall direct, and that such Notice may be given either by Advertisement in the London Gazette or other Newspaper or Newspapers, or in such other manner as the said Court shall see fit; and it shall be lawful to comprise Notices on behalf of several Prisoners in the same Advertisement or Instrument, if the said Court shall so order; and it shall be lawful for the said Court either to direct Lists of the Creditors or Persons claiming to be Creditors of each of such Prisoners to be annexed to such Notice, or to direct that such Notice shall refer to the Schedule delivered by each of such Prisoners filed in the proper Office of the said Court; and such Notice so given according to the Order of the said Court shall be deemed sufficient Notice to the Creditors described in such List, or described in such Schedule, as the case may be; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding;

[Court may order any other Notice.]

and it shall in like manner be lawful for the said Court to order any other Notice required or authorized by the said Act or by this Act to be given by Advertisement in any Newspaper or Newspapers, or in any other manner as to the said Court shall seem fit.

[Defective Notices remedied.]

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of Defect in the Form or Manner of Service of any Notice required or authorized by the said Act (a) or by this Act, or in the Insertion of such Notice in the London Gazette or in any Newspaper, or in any Mode of Notice ordered by the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court from time to time to adjourn the Hearing of any Petition, and to make such further Order respecting the same, or respecting such Notice, as to the said Court shall appear to be reasonable.

(a) [53 G. 3. c. 102. 6.]

[Rate paid for Advertisement.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advertisement to be inserted under the Authority of the said Act (b) or of this Act, in any Newspaper, shall contain more than Fifty Words, there shall be paid for the Insertion thereof at the Rate of Six pence for every Ten Words contained in such Advertisement beyond the Number of Fifty Words over and above the Sum of Three Shillings mentioned in the said Act, and no more.

(b) [53 G. 3. c. 102. 3.]

[In Adjudications, Creditors need not be specified.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Adjudication of the said Court that any Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Act and the Order thereon, it shall not be necessary to specify the several Creditors and Persons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, as required by the said Act (c), but it shall be sufficient, if the said Court shall think fit, to refer in such Order to the Schedule sworn to by such Prisoner, specifying such Creditors or Persona claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, either generally or specially, or with such Exceptions as the circumstances of the case shall appear to the Court to require.

(c) [53 G. 3. c, 102. $ 10.]

[Court empowered to order.]

VIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That the said Court shall have full Power, and the same is hereby authorized, by any Order for that Purpose, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 23. 41

or Gaolers of any Prison, or any other Officer having the Custody of any Prisoner, to bring before such Court, or any Justices of the Peace, at any Quarter Session or Adjourned or Special Session of the Peace, or out of Session, as to the said Court shall seem fit, any such Prisoner, for any of the Purposes authorized by the said Act or by this Act; which Order every such Sheriff, Keeper, Gaoler or other Officer shall obey; and for so doing such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant.

---

[

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court, in (lead of ordering any Prisoner to be brought before the said Court for Examination, shall direct such Prisoner to be examined before His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division or Piace, at a General Session of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, and it shall appear to the said Court, from the circumstances of the case, to be proper to authorize such Justices to certify their Opinion, whether such Prisoner is entitled to be discharged under the Authority of the said Act, it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner to oppose such Discharge before such Justices, who shall thereupon proceed to determine whether such Prisoner is or is not entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, and shall certify such Determination to the said Court established by virtue of the said Act, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Court to proceed to adjudge accordingly, as the said Court might have done in case fitch Prisoner had been brought before the said Court; and it shall act be lawful for any Creditor or Person claiming to be a Creditor of such Prisoner to oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner before the (ad Court, unless due Notice shall not f have been given or, to such Credit or Person claiming to be a Creditor, according to the Order of the said Court for that Purpose, or unless some Fraud or improper Condod of such Prisoner, or some Irregularity not in question before the said Justices, shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Notice to be given of the Examination of any Prisoner before Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, may be given bT Advertisement in some public Newspaper, according to the Order of the find Court, for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in the Form or to the Effect expressed in the Schedule to this Act marked (B), or in such other Form or to such other Effect as the said Court shall direct 5 and it shall be lawful to include any Number of Prisoners in such Notice, if the said Court shall so order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, and also the Justices of the Peace, to whom the Examination of any Prisoner shall be referred by the said Court, shall respectively have full Power, tad they are hereby authorized, by Order of the said Court, or of the said Joffices respectively, as the case shall require, to cause the Keepers or Gaolers, or other Officers of any Prison, or any other Period, to come before such Court or Justices, as the case shall require, and to examine such Gaolers, Keepers, Officers or other Periods respectively, on Oath, touching any Matter relating to the Execution of the said Act, and of this Act, as to the said Court and the find Justices respectively shall seem fit $ and if any such Gaoler, Keeper, Officer or other Person, who shall be so examined,

shall

Court may order Prisoners to be examined be ore Justices in Quarter Sessions.

Creditor opjxv ling Discharge.

f Sic.

Notice given of Examination before Justices.

Gaolers exs-mined on Oath by Court or Quarter Session3

42

Perjury.

Sheriffs and Gaolers indemnified.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Provisional Assignee appointed*

Successor.

Receiver.

shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or herself on such Examination, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers or other Officers of any Prison or Prisons, who have done or shall do any thing in obedience to any Order of the said Court, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, authorized by any Order of the said Court by virtue of the said Act or of this Act, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of any thing so done, and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers and other Officers respectively, for whatsoever hath been or shall be done by them respectively in obedience thereto, and shall indemnify them respectively against any Escape or Action for Escape, or any Action or Actions whatsoever, which hath been or shall or may be brought against any such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers or other Officers respectively, for any thing which hath been or shall be so done as aforesaid; and such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers and other Officers respectively, shall and may plead to any such Action the General Issue, and give the said Act and this Act in Evidence, and on Production of such Order or Orders as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be

[Treble Costs.]

?iven for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action; and on uch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Actions shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if Judgment shall be had for the Defendant or Defendants on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case no fit Person shall be willing to accept the Office of Assignee of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner under the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Estate and Effects to be assigned to an Officer of the said Court to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be called The Provisional AJfgnee of Insolvent Debtors in England* and such Estate and Effects shall be thereby veiled in such Provisional Assignee and his Successors, and shall not remain in him if he shall resign or be removed from his Office, or in his Heirs, Executors or Administrators in case of his Death, but shall in every such case go to and be veiled m his Successor in Office; but such Officer shall not be bound to do any Act with respect to such Estate or Effects, except to convey or assign the same to any Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Court, Assignee or Assignees thereof for the Purposes of the said Act 5 but in case no Person will accept the Office of Assignee of such Estate and Effects, and the same shall therefore remain vested in such Provisional Assignee, and it shall appear that there are or may be Estate or Effects which may be applicable to Payment of the Debts of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make such Order for the Preservation and Care thereof as to such Court shall seem necefla/y, and to appoint a Receiver or Receivers of such Estate or Effects, with such Allowances and giving such Security for the same as to the said Court shall seem fit; and such Receiver or Receivers shall duly account for and apply such Estate and Effects under the Order of the said Court, and shall sell and dispose of or let and set the same,

if

43

it necessary, as the said Court shall direct, and shall be removed as the said Court shall think fit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act S3 3*c* as requires any such Prisoner to execute an Engagement for Pay- 10-, n P*rt rent of the Debts or Demands of the Persons against whom such rei*a e Prisoner shall be adjudged by the said Court to be entitled to the Benent of the said Act, and as directs any Proceeding on such Engagement, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and instead a Recognizance thereof the said Court shall require such Prisoner to enter into a enti red into by Recognizance to The King's Majesty for the full Amount of such Prisoner, indeed Debts; and it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of, en* w'mGer fcch Prisoner, from time to time to apply to the said Court to have re*lteJ Ait. such Recognizance put in Suit, and the same shall be put in Suit in purfuacce of the Order of the said Court for that Purpose, if the fani Court shall see fit; but all Proceedings thereon shall be subject Proceedings fuN-to the Order of the said Court, and any Money which shall be)rder of recovered upon any such Recognizance shall be paid and applied U*nn-ier the Order of the said Court, in the same manner as any Money which might have been recovered under such Engagement as aforesaid, and the Judgment directed by the said Act to be entered thereupon, might have been paid or applied under the Authority of the said Act 5 and the said Court shall in all cases proceed upon such Recognizance as the said Court might have done under the Authority of the said Act, upon the Engagement and Judgment thereupon by the said Act required to be executed and entered as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case any Pro- at E*Pnce ceedrng shall be had upon the said Recognizance, the Creditor uf ceJitora. or Creditors desiring the same shall be at the Expence of all Proceedings thereupon, but shall be at Liberty to retain such Expences, and ail Expences attending any Application to the said Court touching the same, out of any Money to be recovered thereon, if the said Court shall so direct; and in case any Application shall be made to the said Court for Liberty to proceed on any such Recognizance, such Court shall order the Cods of fuen Ap- Costs. phcation, or of any Opposition thereto, to be paid as to the said Court shall seem just.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court Court may retail think fit, it shall be lawful for the said Court to receive ^davit* Affidavits of the Service of any Notice, or of any formal Pro-

ceeding in the Execution of the said Act or of this Act, such Proceeding.

Affidavits being sworn either before any Officer of the said Court

appointed by the said Court for that Purpose, or before any

Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any Commissioner for taking

Affidavits in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or

Exchequer, which Affidavits such Officer, Mailer or Commissioner Perjury.

is hereby authorized to take; and if any Person making any such

Affidavit before any such Officer, Master or Coramimoner, shall

wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself, and shall be lawfully

eoavicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment

as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt Perjury.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act S3 0.3* tot, as provides a Court of Appeal from the Court established by virtue $5R repealed.

the said Act, shall be and the same it hereby repealed.

44

[Continuance of Act.]

Ad repealed. Ice.

0*23* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue- [1 in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred

and eighteen, and thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part thereof may be repealed or altered by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See o.*8. post. as to Ireland, c. 114. poJl.-\

Schedule (A).

NOTICE to Creditors of hearing Petitions in Court.

By Order of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, the

Petition [or, Petitions] of A.B. late of and

now a Prisoner in [or, of A> B. late

of, &c. C. Z). late of, &c.

&c. &c.] will be heard on the Day of

at

1 LIST of the Creditors of the said A.B.

E. F. of 4 G. H. of

or if such Lijl shall not be added to such Notice- there may be added: The Names of the Credi-

tors of the said A.B. appear in a Schedule annexed to his Petition, filed in the Office of the said Court atto which any Creditor may refer.'

Schedule (B).

NOTICE to Creditors of the Examination of a Prisoner before Justices at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and that such Justices are authorised by the Court to certify whether the Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Act.

By Order of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtor*, A.B. late of and now a Prisoner in

[or, A.B. C.D. &c. as the case may he-] will

be examined before the Justices of the Peace for 4, assembled at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace

at, on the

Day of, for the Purpose of determining

whether the said A.B. is [or, the said A B. C.D. &c. 4 are] entitled to the Benefit of the Act for the Relief of In* 4 solvent Debtors 5 and all Creditors of the said A.B.

[or, of the said A.B. C. Z). &c. as the case may be-\ are required to attend accordingly, if they shall think fit/

; as.

: '>v

istl

tM;

"or-,

?'T4i

e, s

Cap.

54 GEO. III. C. 24.

S

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for funher continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

[ 1 oth December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His 1V present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawback and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thernf, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hun drtd and four: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts fasttd tn the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas Three other Acts passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for further continuing the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks in the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties And Bounties on Sugar when the Duties mpoftd by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty fall beJufpended: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by Four other Acts passed in the Fiftieth, Fifty first, Fifty second and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the said recited Act passed in the forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were further continued; sad it is expedient that the said Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the said Acts of the Fiftieth, Fifty first, Fifty second and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said lait recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid uaexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth (a) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be refjxaively paid and allowed, in like manner and under lad according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties asd Forfeit ores (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), the bud Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Act. (a) [\c. 45. But that Schedule

rttMt'S!' i'-PM, _ J

43 0.

3- C.II.

43 G.

3. c. 93.

i?*3- f o.

0.3.MT..

c-16. G. 3. c.ix.

49 G. 3. c. 93.

J O.3. c. 18. &x G, 3. c. 13. S* G. 3. c. 15. S3 G. 3, c. 31.

Drawbacks in Schedule A. Inwards of 49 G 3* c- 98.

and Bounties in Schedule to 45 G. 3. c, 3< allowed.

4<S

Exception. When Drawbacks allowed, tec.

3* G. 3. c. 43.

49 G. 3. c. 98. 45 G. 3. c 93.

To what Duty Raw Sugar lub. jett in cale of Exportation.

49G*3. c. 98.

C. 24. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in May, the First Wednesday in September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar9 and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I (lands in Foreign Ship/, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednesday immediately preceding such Saturday aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Acts passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth () Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Act (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid). (b) [See Note to $ 1.]

III. And whereas Doubts may ariie in certain cases respecting the Duty that would be chargeable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalaute, Guadaloupe, Saint Euflatia, Saint Martins and Sabay exported from the Warehouse in which any such Sugar shall have been secured on Importation into Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted and declared, That, from and after the passing of this Act any fuel Sugar so warehoused on which the Duties of Customs shall not hav< been paid, which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation fron any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable only to the Pay men of such Portion (if any) of the Duties of Customs due and payabl on the Importation of British Plantation Sugar into Great Britain a shall exceed the Amount of the Drawback that would have been pai or allowed on the Exportation of any such Sugar, at the time an such Sugar as aforesaid shall be so exported or shipped for Export; tion in case the full Duties due and payable thereon had been pr< viously paid.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year \ 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealix*the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and J 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ the Lord High Treasurer the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Thi or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the a 4 ditional Duties of Customs on Sugar granted by the said laR recit 4 Ad, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average Pr

47 54 GEO. III. C. 24.

of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and by an-

other Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty, intituled 49 G. j. c. 43.

An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown

#r Muscovado Sugary exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to he ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be below the Prices mentioned in the said first

recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid s And whereas it is

expedient, that during the Period of such Suspension, the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the Equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like manner be suspended; Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the When Treasury Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's suspend Pay-Treasury for the time being, shall exercise the Power vested in them, e"l of Dut^ and shall, according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the 49*0.3"^ Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby im- c. 98. they shall posed, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized also suspend and required, in like manner and for the like Period, to suspend either Countervailing the whak of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on Re- Duues>&c-fined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other, than to Ireland, imposed and allowed hj the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the 43 G. 3. c.ix. Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Pro- furtherC0Q-vifioas. Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things in tinu<l* the said Act contained, except as the same are varied or altered by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby further continued from the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, aid shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Port of London, and from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand right hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for other Parts of Great Britain,

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of 47 G.3. SeiT. 1. 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for Two Tears, c.aa.

from and after the faffing of this Act, 'an additional Bounty on Double Refitted Sugar; and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be poundedy crashed or broken; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Double Refined Sugar, and also a Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted, that so much of fr.

1 the said recited Act as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon f

Double Refined Sugar should continue in force for Two Years from the passing of the said Act and so much thereof as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar should continue in r 4 force

48 G.j c.IS

47 G.3. Sess.i.

C. 22. 1.4*

53 0-3- c. 3*' 5*

So much of 47 G. 3. Seff*.l. c. 22. as relates to Bounties on Raw Suears, Arc. continued.

Bounty on Raw Sugar governed by Average Prices of Brown Sugar published in London Gazette.

AO altered,

&c.

C. 14, 25. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 18t3.

force for One Year from the passing of that Act: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty 'fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, 4 so much of the said first recited Act as related to the said Bounties

upon Raw Sugars was further continued with certain Alterations until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar, as altered and continued by the said last recited Act, and also the said last recited Act altering and continuing the same, have been by subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: and whereas so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh

Year aforesaid, as relates to an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar 5 and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crashed or broken, was by

an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty continued

until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and it is expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Acts, as likewise so much of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crashed or broken, shall be further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March Once thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred (and fourteen, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of British Plantation Raw Sugar by the said last recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be governed by the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, computed and published in the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times and in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered* amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[10th December 1813.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Time ' of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is judged aeceflary by His Majesty, and this

A9

54 GEO. III.

tiii present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued ix the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possef-Soas of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole Number of such Forces should con lift of Two hundred and thirty six thousand Number of four hundred and ninety seven effective Officers and Men, exclusive orce* or His Majesty's Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, and of the Foreign Corps in British Pay: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Liws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for tho retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or fct up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the ufuil Forms of the Law will allow; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, &c. Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavour? to fappress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mai!ay or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fort refs, Post or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Go-wraor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Post, to dehrer up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words, or use any other means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy; or fhaaefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Gsard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before refctyed; or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold otfleejying upon Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel pj{* h, s or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, MefTages, Signs or*C* Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Lceucc, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall of ftr'king or fthke or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of Death, or such ks fttperior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and Funiftiment at ettrr Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before Court Martial arntioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this may bjflift. Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign tort*, upon Land, Or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Pdcftnneat as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

[b&i  x 2. to 20. are the same as the like ScBions of 53 T

54 GEO. III.

E

50

General* or other Officers commanding Stations abioarf may summon Courts Martial* in certain cales.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit Pay.

Allowance to ttaolers, &c.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Officer commanding any Station, or commanding any Division, Brigade, Detachment or distinct Party belonging to any Army of His Majesty which may at any time be serving in any Piace beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Off nee or Offences done or committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any such Countries by any Non Commissioned Officer, Soldier or other Person, serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies in the Field being under the immediate Command of any such General or other Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court Martial which shall consist of not lefa than Three Officers at the leail for the Purpose of trying any such Person or Persons accused or suspected of having committed any such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforesaid, notwithstanding such General or other Officer shall not have received from His Majesty or from any Person having His Majesty's Authority in that behalf any Warrant or Warrants empowering such General or other Officer to summon or assemble Courts Martial, and every such Court Martial shall have Power to try any such Person or Persons so accused or suspected as aforesaid, and to adjudge any such Person or Persons to suffer any such Punishment as shall be prescribed for any Crime or Crimes, Olienee or Offences with which any such Person or Persons flia.ll be charged before such Court Martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court Martial shall be executed until the General commanding in Chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same: Provided also, that every such Court Martial shall have such and the same Powers for summoning and examining Witnesses; and Witnesses guilty ol Perjury, on Examination before them, shall be subject and liable tc the same Penalties and Punishments as are or shall be by any Law or Usage in force in relation to any other Court Martial or to an] Witnesses examined before any other Court Martial.

[Sections 22. to 25. are the same as 21. to 24. of 53 G. 3. c. 17.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every N011 Commissione< Officer or Soldier sentenced to Imprisonment by any General o other Court Martial shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Da of his Commitment during the time of such Imprisonment; and alfc that during the Continuance of any Imprisonment in any Gaol c House of Correction, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison c House of Correction in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Inspectc under whose immediate Inspection such House of Correction, Gat or Prison shall be, shall receive and apply in the Maintenance of fuc Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier the Sum of Nine pence p< Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer i Soldier during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or Sc dier shall continue in Custody, which said Sum the Secretary 1 War in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Chief Secretary to tl Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, or in his Absence tl Under Secretary for the Military Department, is hereby authorizi and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper, < Inspector respectively as aforesaid, upon receiving an Applicatu

5*

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

ia Writing signed by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison or House of Correction shall be isxaily situate, toecther with a Copy of the Order under which the fekl Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided prorifo. always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, or for such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, or in his Absence for the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, if he should think fit, to order the I flue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of ary Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment, in auy Gaol, House of Correction, or Place of Military Confinement.

[Sc 3: ora 27- to 41. are the same as 26. to 40. of 53 G. 3. r. 17.] Muster Roll*,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Muster &c- venfied on Rolls and Pay Lifts which are required to be verified upon Oath, ^Mail: all be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace or a rate without Mag.strate, who are hereby authorized and required to administer Fee. such Oath and attest the same without Payment of any Fee or Reward whatever in respect thereof, either to such Justice or Magistrate or the Clerk of any such Justice or Magistrate.

XLIII. And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the Muster- Giving false Cer-ieg of Soldiers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, from Muster*.

any fesse or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for

Ais Abitncz from any Muster, or any other Service which he ought

to attend or perform, upon Pretence of such Soldier being employed

on some other Duty of the Regiment, or being Tick, in Prison, or on

Furlough; then every such Person, so making, giving or procuring

such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in His Majesty's Service; and no Certificate shall excuse the Absence of any Soldier but for the Reasons above mentioned or one of them.

\Se3ions 44. to 46. are the same as 42. to 44. of 53 G. 3. c. 17.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, A: what time That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissary Muster Rolls General shall, upon every Half-yearly Muster taken by him or them 10 Miles distant respectively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majesty's Lndon Service at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, close the Muster Com-

RoOs of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty nuffrry General lour Hours after such Muster shall have been made; and shall return of Musters, &c, the Rolls so taken by the Post or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Day* after their being closed, to the Office of the Commissary General of Musters, who shall, and he is hereby diretfted and required to trvnsmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Foroes, and One to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or briore the First Day of May, and Twenty ninth Day of September, respectively following such Half-yearly Muster: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made in or upon the said Muster Irik, other than in the case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Com-and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in

C. 25.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1lh3.

[Penalty.]

Petition of Right, 3 Car

31 Car.a. c 1.

*5*

CrnRables, fcc. in England to quarter Officers and Men in

writing or transcribing the said Mutter RoHs, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective lni ploy men ts, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue for the same, for every such Offence.

XLVIII. And whereas, by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and di/banding the Foroes, it is declared and enacted, That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; 9 Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, and men in Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Inns^Alehouses, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and &c. the Town of Berwick uton Tweed, and in their Default or Absence,

for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, in Inns, ^Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or of the Department of the Ordnance, and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling hut in no Dif- Licenses; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, tillers' or Shop- Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than keepers Houses, an(j except the House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses Houses.^ pr'vate or Places for diddling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so at such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses), and in no other, and in no private Housea

AJJ.iSiJ. 54 GEO. III.

C-S- S3

whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets when made oat by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable, Tithingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy against such Magistrate or Law Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Officersquartfr-Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise ing Soldiers con -than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use Or offer any Jary10 Menace or CompuKion to or upon any Mayors, Constables or other c'

Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ipso faffo cashiered, and shall be utterly p^, foment. dfibWd to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said

Couaty, and a Certificate thereof be transmitte'd to the Judge Advocate u Lendon, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War: And in case any Person Persons ag-ifaJl find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingman or Srieved by being Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or to

Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace), has quartered or P

biiletted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case fuen Chirf Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Drvi-tk>o. City or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause 5 and such other Person or Persons lull be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XLIX. And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth 6 Aon. (I.Jc.i*

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the

Difordtrs that may happen by the marching of Soldiers and fro- Tiding Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it

was, amongst other things, enacted and declared, that no Officer,  g.

Soldier or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer,

nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of 1 the Guard of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the said

Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any time thereafter have, receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of

Ireland, save only during such time as he or they should be and remain in some Sea Port Town in order to be transported, or 1 during such time as there should be any Commotion in any Part 1 of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army or any considerable Pan thereof should be commanded to march from any

E 3*Part

54

Reputations for quartering Soldiers in Ireland.

Billetting.

Remedy.

Officers menacing Constables, Jfcc.

Punishment.

Conviction affirmed at Quarter Sefiious.

Part of Ireland to another, or during such time or times as he or -

they should be on their March as aforesaid: And whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at present sufficient to lodge all the Forces

upon its Military Establishment: And whereas it may be necessary to station Part of the Troops in Places where there are not Barracks or not sufficient Barracks to hold them Be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited Act, to and j

for the Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland\ and in their Default or Absence for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others, and such Constables and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, or in their Default, such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Mctheglin, by Retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary, taking care not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in the case of billetting Horse or Dragoons in manner herein after mentioned; nor shall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number of effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer employed, or of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Constable or such Chief Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of tins Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; then such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby, and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly convicted of such Offence by Indictment, shall be imprisoned for the Space of One Calendar Month; and if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witm ffes, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment whatsoever: Provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Affixes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Secretary at War; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved in that such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace, has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 2$* SJ

proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or

sorejait ce or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty,

iwtfjch Soldiers are quartered, or in case such Chief Officer or

Migrate ftia.ll be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made Justices, Juri

toTffOor more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Li- ^tttiou of.

bfrty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby

Poorer to relieve such PeHons by ordering such and so many of the

Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or

Perionsas he or they shall see cause, and such other Person or Persons

kd be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

[&u, W 50. to 5*5. are the same as 48. to 53. of 53 G. 3. c. 17.]

LVl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That officers Men the Omcers, Men and Horses, belonging to His Majesty's Horse or and Horses, be-Dn?o>n$, and also all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of longing to the HiiMatty'S other Foroes, and also the Horses belonging to Staff ftrle or Drawl Field Officers in His Majesty's Forces when upon actual Service, e

aoteiceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or Horses fco.^how shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall and may be quartered, &c. qojrt/red and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses,

Victualing Houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldiers vt by thu Ad allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they (tailhe rectwed and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling" Houses, and other Houses a which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horses, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates tiut are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect.

[Ssdions 57. to 60. are the same as 55. to 58. of 53 G. 3. e 17.]

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Constables, &c. if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person Money taking wfcatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter orbilkt, or be employed in quartering or billetting any Officers or quar^erjug-Soldien, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree far any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or Victuallers relay other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier fufin8 to quarter billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vidual So^cr*' any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furnish or allow according to the Directions of this Act the several Things herein after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid; or (tall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate that is or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that re-(jk&, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more Justice  4 or

Penalty,

how applied.

Officers and Soldiers to pay Rates for Diet.

Innholders fur oishing Men quartered with Candles, &c. gratia.

In what case Men to provide their own V&tuls and Small Beer.

C. 2$+ 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discre* tion think fit); to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place in making such Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct 5 and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish if in England, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish if in Ireland, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

[Sessions 62. and 63. are the same as 60. and 61. of S3 G. 3.*17.]

LXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billetted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act 5 paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect.

[Rates fixed, c. 55. post]

LXV. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non Commission Officers and Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on m March or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of Seven Days at most for such Non Commission Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to fumish such Non Commission Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt gratijt and allow to such Non Commission Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then and tn such case the Non Commission Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Victuals and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such Non Commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums to be payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non Commission Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom fi such

57

A.D. 1813.

54 GEO III.

C. 25.

fad Nod CommifBon Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hfreafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Excite better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eigiit hundred and fourteen, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Money, diver for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places whert 0Seen or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them reflectively: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not fetiify, content and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath the Juifcces of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland^ is hereby required and authorized (upen Cert ricate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was zade, o/ the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom tie same is owing), to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the lame agiinft such Officer.

LXVIL. And be it further enacted, That m case of any Troop or Company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgings for the Men, and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person with whom such Troop or Company may have keen quartered, and (ign a Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate shall be transmhted to the Agent of the Regiment, that immediate Payment may be made, which he is hereby required to make accordingly, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

68. to 90. are the same aif66. to 88. of 53 G. 3. r. 17.] XCI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity which shall tore been concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Justice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned act the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty's Marine Foroes, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and toll be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as shall be allowed by His Majesty by any Regulation made in tot Behalf, in tiefl and kistead of the Bounty upon which such Man toll toe been enlisted; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, r ary Rales and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary tftwithibmdtag.

[toto19*. the same cu j 90. of 53 G. 3. c. 17O

Officers receiving Fay to settle Demands of Innkeepers.

Officers not

Satisfying Accounts charged against them by Agents.

Quarters not paid for before Marching of Troops, Certificate of Amount transmitted to Agent.

Concealing Infirmities on efi-lifting transferred to Garrison, &c. Battalions, of Marine*.

Enliftm* r.nd wilfully c-nceal-ine; any Infirmity.

Punishment.

Advertizing for Keener without Authority.

[Penalty.]

Impriso: ment.

How M iftrrs in Sco'land flu:; I proceed to recover Apprentices.

C. 2$. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any Person shall be brought who has enliiled, and who shall be proved upon Oath before them, and convicted of having wilfully concealed any Inch Infirmity upon being attested, or of having knowingly, wilfully and deliguedly made any such false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Person shall thereupon he subject to such Punishment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or MaiJltrUes io convicting any Inch Person as aforesaid.

XCIV. And whereas various Persons are in the habit of adveruzing for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Militia, or ' for the or vice of the Honourable The East India Company; and also under tfir Pr tence of procuring Substitutes for the same, to

the great Detr.in^nt of the Service Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever who shall after the paffnig of this Act advertize, poit or dilperse, or cause to be advertised, post d or difperf d, Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes, or shall open or keep any Houses or Places of Rendezvous purporting in any manner whatever to be connected with the Recruiting S rvice or Department for the Line, Militia or East India Company, or shall interfere or he concerned directly or indirectly in any manner or way therewith (except such recruiting Parties as may be Rationed under the Command and Direction of the respective Field Officers of Distriits, without the express Permission in Writing of the Adjutant General, if for the Line or Militia, or of the Court of Directors, if for tin* Honourable East India Company's Service), or shall receive any Person or Persons as aforesaid at his House or Office under any such Bill or Advertisement on any Pretence whatever, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered on Conviction before a Magistrate, One Moiety to the Informer and the other to the Poor of the Parish where fuen Information shall be laid; and on Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or other public Prison, at the Difcr<non of the Magistrate, for any Period not exceeding Three Months and not 1c fs than One Month for each and every such Offence.

[Sections 95. and 96. are the same as 93. and 94. of 53 G. 3.

c. J 7 I

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland fit..11 be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist ns a Soldier in His Majesty's L.and Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at leall Four Years by a regular Contrail or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed and telied, and binding on both Parties by the Law ol Scotland, prior to the Period ol Knlitl-ment, and uuhfs such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprentice-lliip, and before the Period of Enlillment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorffd thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contrail or Indenture shall have been so produced,

59

[Proviso.]

which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when ckimedby such Master, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Mailer shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Mice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oith mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L..): Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bouad for a Less Term than Seven Years in England, or Four Years in Scotland.

[Stdions 9*. to IOC. are the same as 95. to 102. of 53 G, 3. c. 17.]

CVl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any In what cases Person who shall have been hired to serve any Master for a Year or Servant entitled othenme, shall before the Expiration of his Term of Service NV age* uadeT such Hiring, enlist into His Majesty's Service, such Person  C

(haftbe entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall think proper from his Master, for the time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in consequence of such enlisling, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring 5 and the Magistrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Four Days after the Amount (hill haTe been declared by such Magistrate. iStctions 107. and 108. are the same as 104. and 105. of 53 G. 3.

CIX. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly listed, do after- wards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tything-man can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier m His Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Consession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the P^ace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuen Justice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to he conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other public Prison in such Town or Place here such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case loch Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Place* adjacent; or to the Provost Mar dial in case

Justices committing Deserters.

Keepers of Gaols, &c to receive Deserter* on tht March.

Fee.

Concealing

Deserters.

[Penalty.]

Distress.

Goods not sufficient.

Imprisonment.

C. 25. 54 GEO. in A.D. 1813.

such Deserter ftudl be apprehended within the City or Liberties of DuUUty or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for tire time being in London; or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may b removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded againu according to Law 5 and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction of other public Prison of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deserter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peaec, on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[SeSionj no* and in arc the same as $107. and 108. of 53 G 3. I7-]

CXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every fudi Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter did belong, and shall be credited by such Agent in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary at War by the Justice of the Peace by whom the same shall have been imposed 5 and in case any such Offender, who shall be Convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty withir Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to rejnain, without Bail or Mainpme, for the Space of Six Months: Provided also

thai

61

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 25.

tint if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or other- Receiving receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon Arm*? m Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or or Deserter*" other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any Meat, Drink, Beerc# or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessanes, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; or it any Person shall buy or receive any Pentlty.

Oau, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Buying Oati,

Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dra-

goon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, pro- service?6*

core, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing

him to be such, to fell or otherwise cjifpose of any such Oats, Hay,

Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Penalty,

Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit-

BeiTes, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said

respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied how applied.

by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Dif-

trcfft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One

+Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong, who shall

report the same to the Secretary at War and credit the same in hia

Public Accounts; and in case any such Offender who shall be con- Receivers, lie.

vided as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes,

Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Meat,

Drrnk, Beer or other Provisions, or any fuen Articles generally deemed Regimental Neceflariea, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfelied, solicited or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered a gain ft him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties upon such Conviction, or give sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four Days from such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by In whatcafe Warrant tinder his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to Offender lathe Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months* or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice.

[SeBimu 113*0 ll6. or# the same <u $ no. to 1x3. of 53 G. 3.

His Majesty nxav nuke Regulations for advancing Money

in cites o- 1.x-tenfinn of Furlough.

Officers, &c. of Trains of Artillery, c. tubjert to Art.

Innkeepers re- fusing to receive Soldiers.

C. 25. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to make any such further or other Regulations for the advancing of any Sums of Money in all such cases of Extension of Furlough, and for the Re-imbursement thereof as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the same into Effc&. and entnring the immediate Advance of such Money, where necessary, in Great Britain or Ireland, and the due and regular Re-unburle-ment thereof.

[ScBions 118. to 129. are the same as 114. to 125* of 53 G3.

c. 17.

CXXX. And whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether the Officers and Persons serving in the Royal Artillery, and those hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or the Master

Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; It is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Persons serving and hired to be employed, or who shall serve and be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and all Master Gunners, and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all times subject to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the continuance of the same, and shall be quartered and billetted, together with the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the same manner and under the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers, Soldiers and Horses, of His Majesty's other Forces 5 and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein shall be legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers and Horses, of His Majesty's other Foroes, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the case of His Majesty's other Forces.

\_SeSions 131. to 151. are the same as 127. to 147. of 53 G. 3* r. 17.  Schedules A. to H. are the same as the lihe Schedules of 53 G. 3. c. 17.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

[or, Chief Magistrate of ] do hereby certify, That

appeared to be Years

old, Feet Inches high, Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of and stated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and

was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness,

Deafness

<*3

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 25, 26.

Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of In's Limbs and

Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound To as to prevent his enlilling, and acknowledged that lie had voluntarily enliiled Bimlelf for the Bounty of to ierve the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and id engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be

find up by tbs JdEigiflrate either until ilifcharged or for Tears as ui the preceding Form of Enhjhnent-\; and I do hereby certify, that in my Pre fence the Third and Fourth Articles of the S cond.Stdion and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and 1 he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the A cl of the Fiftieth 50 G 3. c. S;. YesrofHis present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attriled, and that I

hive given to the said a Duplicate of this Certificate,

# Cgned with my Name.

[Schedules K. to O. are the same as the like Schedules of ^3 G. 3. c. 17.]

A'tie, this Act is in all other respects similar to 53 G. 3. c. 17. except as to the Dates.  Rates of Su If fence increasd, c. 55. poJL-\

CAP. XXVI. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[loth December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Madder into Great Britain should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Duties of Customs (a), imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for grant-, 1( us?other Duties in lieu thereof and by an Act passed in the lall SclTion c ^8. of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties, 53 G. 3. c. 3 j. of Cufoms imported into and exported from Great Britain, shall cease to cease. acd determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the pafluig of this Act. (a) c. 27. poss\

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Ad valorem of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto Duty of 5 per His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Madder imported into oa

Great Britain a Duty of Customs of Five Pounds for every One hun- A er* dred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, which Value shall be afeertaraed according to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in like Manner and Form and ader the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and

*7 G. 3. C. 13. 117-

c. 26. ante.

64 C. 26, 27. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

such Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to she Reduction of the National Debt, or by any subsequent Act or Acts relative thereto in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act. (a) [See 43 G. 3. c. 68. $ 12.  49 G. 3. c. 98. 26.  c. 122. f 1. pofl.-\

---

[Madder Root unmanufactured and imported (except from France, &c.) before Jan.5, 1816, not charged with Duty.]

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge with Duty any Madder Root unmanufactured which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Country or Place before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, except from France, or any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons exercising the Powers of Sovereignty in France.

[Duty levied as heretofore.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties on Madder hereby repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

[Application of Duties.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods under the Head of Permanent Duties were directed to be appropriated and applied.

[Act altered, &c.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Continuance of Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[14th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 27, 28. 65

Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And whereas it was intended by the said Act that the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain and no other Duties should be repealed, but by Mistake the Words "on Madder" were omitted in the Clause in the said Act relating to the Repeal of Duties of Customs; Now, to rectify such Mistake, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Duty on Madder only, repealed by Act.]

That, from and after the Tenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Duties of Customs upon Madder imported into Great Britain, in the Recital of the said Act mentioned, and no other Duties of Customs, shall be deemed and taken to be repealed by the said Act; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[14th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it may promote the beneficial Purposes of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign,

[53 G. 3. c. 102.]

intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and thereby render it unnecessary hereafter to make temporary Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, if such Provisions should be made, by Law, as are herein after enacted, for the Discharge of such Persons confined for Debt, as are herein after mentioned, to the Intent that the Number of such Persons shall be thereby so reduced, as to render more effectual the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign;

---

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Gaolers required to make out Lists of Prisoners in Custody on Nov. 6, 1813.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England, shall and is and are hereby required to make a true, exact and perfect List alphabetically of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who upon the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen was or were, and have since continued to be, and at the time of making out every such List shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners

is the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of

+any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money; and an Account of the time

when such Prisoner f was or were respectively charged in Custody or t Sie.

+received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the

hid Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for; and shall deliver the same nd deliver same

tot!* Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter to Jui*'ces

Scfioos or General Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the passing Peace*

54 Geo. III. F of

66

Keepers of Prisons to take Oath on delivering Lifts.

Oath.

c. 28.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Oath administered in open Court.

Lifts kept by Clerk of Peace, and examined gratis.

At Requell of Creditors, Gaolers examined on Oatk

of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of The King's Bench Prison, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or: Liberty in England, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Efteft following; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God>

do solemnly swear, profess and declare, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed,

was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the Sixth

Day of November in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody

in the Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned 5 and also

that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or

are inserted or.contained in the Second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid have, since the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

been committed or surrendered to the said Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their respective Commitments.

So help me GOD.>

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the same may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Prison or Gaol Books, be it further enacted, That the Justices of any General or Quarter Session or Adjourned Session are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor

5 w

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 28.

<*7

or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or at any time, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuf-todr of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such General or Quarter Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit; and if any S!>ntf, Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall negied or refuse to bring before any such Justice9, at any Session of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be dneded and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviction Differ Six Months Imprisonment; or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises as shall be reasonably required, at such General or Quarter SelSans or Adjourned S.flion, he, she or they so offending in the Premises shall, for every such Offence, pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty5* Courts of Record in Wcjltnlnjler by Action of Debt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of aay Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General Sclbon or Adjourned Session of the Peace within their re-fp?ctive Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session or General Scllioa or Adjourned Session of the Peace, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse or designedly omit to insert in any such Liti the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or dfiner such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, crftul detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Newspper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request eade to him for that Purpose; every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Pr/on and Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which frrilaad may be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Uw, or more than Ooe Imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, (hill, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and (hdl thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper cr Gaoler of such Prison or Prisons kail, over and above the Penalties to be infiidted on Persons con-

F z victed

at Session t, touching Commitments.

Sheriffs, &c. difob eying Orders of Juilicts.

[Penalty.]

Gaoler end Printer of Gs-zette or Newspaper not complying with Regulations of Act.

[Penalty.]

Goalers perjuring themselves*

68

C. 28.

[Penalty.]

Application of Penalty.

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Diiclurge.

[Penalty.]

Dirtrefs.

Copy of Lifts fixed up in Prisons, before Delivery to SetCons.

Prisoners for

K)Debt on taking Oaths, kc. dif-charmed.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

victed of Perjury, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom an Assignment or Conveyance in pursuance of this Act shall be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners 5 and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Creditor or Creditors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on the Payment of Two Shillings, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six pence for such Copy, or shall take more than One Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Estate or Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison or Gaol is and are hereby required, Ten Days at least before the First or Second General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act, for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prison or Gaol shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or Entrance into every such Prison or Gaol, Three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who on the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform 011 his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall as to his Person and Effects respectively be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 28.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England, upon the Petition of any such Pnioner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices so petitioning f, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter Sessions next ensuing after every such Petition, or same Adjournment thereof (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall set forth and sign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen), by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hards and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Cause9 which he, file or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of sech Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other proper Officer or Person, who shall make out and transcribe the same, at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

X. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the ' pdlLig of this Act, and the next General Quarter Sessions or ' General Sessions of the Peace, which would be the Means of de-

tabling in Prison a Number of Persons who with their Families are

in the greatest Distress 5* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid to assemble their respective Courts as soon as Buy be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint fi-ch Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule, which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be asd remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other 0 Sneer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been lo left, there to recnain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, by ay Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the

69

Justice! may, on Prisoners delivering in Schedules, ift'ue Warrants to bring them to Quarter Sessions.

|- Sic,

Special Sessions may be held.

Schedules to remain wirh Clerk of the Peace.

7o

C. 28.

Debtors not having given Notice, intending to apply for Diich^rge to give Notice in the Gazette, be.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler previous to First Notice.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made 5 and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any such Gaol, out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have been moved by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or flic shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode (if so many) of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively, to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the inserting each of the said Notices in the London Gazette or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and no more; the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively and in the said other Newspapers, as the case may require, Twenty one Days at the least, and the lall of the said Notices Six Days at the leait before any such First or Second General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on Mesne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XIII. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or she shall, according to the Directions of this Act, publish the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall in such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Eslate, to be sworn to in manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such Firil Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian Name and Surname, to be attelled by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she upon due Proof made of such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satis -faction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attelh

the

.28.

7*

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

\k Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to re-core the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate Duplicate, thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to Copy of Scj, e. deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon dule to Creditor Requtfl made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person a.' be shall appoint to receive the same, within Thirty Days after Demand made; and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him re-fjtding such Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy' so ofteading shall be liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be reco- Penalty, vrred by an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, at the Suit of any Person who shall be aggrieved by such Neglect or Refusal.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by fiery Debtor, in manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to say,

1 J [insert the Name, Trade, Occupation Form of Notice.

and Description, and the Two la)} Places of Abode, if so many ]

new confined in Qinfert the Name of the P rtf on and County] and being charged in Custody on the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, do hereby give this [First,

Second or Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the Beoebt of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Mijed.fi Reign, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act, and if tt be the F'trjl Notice then add] And I do hereby give Notice,

that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler or his Deputy of the said Prison.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and counter-signed by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as afore- Debtors proving

M, being charged as aforesaid, on the said Sixth Day of November Notices given, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, who shall apply to the 'n l, en.General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, in case it m

shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes (jll|es? and tajte and Newspapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices Oath.

rt any such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Pri-fooers on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their Nime or Names is or are specified in a List delivered in at such Firil or Second Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this A 5 shall hi open Court at the said General Quarter Sessions or General Seffioos, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion. Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate

72

C. 28.

Oath.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of, or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Name of his or her several Debtors, and* where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts; and shall also make Oath and swear to the following Effect, according to the specinl circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the Provisions herein after contained; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do folenuily swear, protest and declare, That on the Sixth

Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, I was really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of

*, in the Prison or Gaol of, at the Suit

of, without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that I have ever since continued a Prisoner within the Prison of, in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of

[ or mentioning same other Prison as the case may bc-\ or within the

4- Liberties thereof, at the Suit of, and with-

out any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain, to the bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, jult, true and perfeA 4 Account and Discovery of all the Goods and Effects, Estates Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which I 4 or any Person in Trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seised or possessed of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were

in my Possession, Custody or Power, or in the Possession, Custody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which 1 or such Person had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Ule, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts, (if any such there be); and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedlaney, or of any Nature or Kind soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and the necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together

13 4 with

Ci 28*

73

'with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in 'the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds 5 and that 11 have not, nor any Person for me, hath directly or indirectly*fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or  dates Real or Personal,

1 whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wile howsoever. So help me GOD.

And before such Oath shall be taken by every Debtor, the said Justices shall examine, upon Oath, such Debtor, touching the several Matters contained therein, as they shall think fit 5 and if such Debtor shall, upon such Examination, make Answer to the Satisfaction of the said Juibees, then the said Schedule and Oath shall be by such Debtor fuSfcnbed in the Presence of the Justices in open Sessions of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Prace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the same Hull be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions at any such General Quarter Scions or General Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, either at the Requed or without the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of acv such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench Prison, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, or any other Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof, either before or after such Oath shall have been taken; and if the Oath which shall have been taken is open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by rood Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, kill be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtors, then such Justices shall, in such Sessions or some Adjourned thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners 5 and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be bought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tlut all the Estate, Right, Tide, Interest and Trust of such Debtor d, ia and unto all the Real Estate as well Freehold and of

as

Schedules and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Court, at Re-que'.l of Creditors, may examine (Jaolers on Oath.

Estates and Effects of Debtors discharged, veiled in Clerk

74

C.a8.

of Peace, who is

to aflien same to such CrpHitors as Court shall direct, ia lruft.

Affiances to get in Dct tors Effects

ml to make Dividends;

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

as Customary, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Dtbtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be, and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any Debtors shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects, veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct; which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being written on Parchment or Paper stamped, to veil the Eflatrs thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Pleirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest which the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trull for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor in respect of or in proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time as there may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names for the Recovery and obtaining any Estate or Efiedls of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trull or Power veiled in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trull for the Benefit of him or them and the roll of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to inch Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees ftnll with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting inch Alignment or Conveyance, use his and their bell Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effeas cf every such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor veiled in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be intcreiled in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Polk flion, Reversion or Expeaaucy, the same within the Space of Two Mouths after such Alignment and Conveyance shall be sold by Public Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette or in same Daily Paper printed and published in London, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prison resided in London or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some printed Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor resided before he or she was committed to Prison, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at the fartliell from the

C. 28.

7J

time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his

her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor's

respective debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such ind to make up

Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Account of

Estate, 2nd make Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or ^et>for's Bftata#

JclVtces of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, Town,

Liberty or Place in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for

such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect

thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were

truly and bona Jide made and paid; and Notice of the making of Notice of

every such Dividend shall he publiftied in like manner as a Meeting making Divi-

of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be ptiblished, Thirty dends.

Day* at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have jend*8

made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, or due Proof

is Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor Creditor dif.

ot Inch Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any C^nsfied with

Debt chirred by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of

any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into e

by the Jctiices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty

or Place m which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been

entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at the next General or Quarter

Selims, or at some Adjournment thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or in wfc A'fig. AJgne?s of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by ntesur their nrtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of Heirs do not aav decrafed Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part e!, ver ov*f fuclt of fa Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Produce of ^nce! to b/ar-ar.y such Estate or Effects, found to be in the Hands of such relied.

Affiznee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administration is aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be law-fi for th" Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize Etil such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the + Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary. f Sie.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and cre(Ttor8 for every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged Amiuiiits pay. by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by able at any wiy of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue, utu'e time, to of ary Bond, Covenant or other Securities of any Nature whatsoever, jp^g^under asy be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, Commi non of acd shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate Bankruptcy.

of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions a such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than n the same would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt and a Certi-kae obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

C. 28.

Eftntes of Debtor. not inserted in Schedule verted in Clerk of Peace.

Holders of Secu-ritie- without C iifideiatinii, n >t entitled to Benefit.

Eft ate? to vest In Clerk of Peace for time being.

No Suit in Law or Equity without Con lent of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Debts of an inferior Nature.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

XX. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Estate Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General or Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bona Jide, and for good or valuable Confederation.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer aft ing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title, Interest or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have veiled by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case maybe, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provisions of this Act.

XXIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor's Estate and Effects without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at lealt Ten Days before such Meeting in the London Gazette or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the lad Residence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpose.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Ellate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or Personal Estate or Effects comprised. in or charged or a fleeted by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor or Debtors; and also, where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be given in open Session

C. 28.

77

to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subjeh thereto in the first place for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute,

Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively would hate been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas many Person who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are seised and possessed of Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the

Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and

taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for One, Two 1 or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number 1 of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or 1 Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own 1 Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the

Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtor; Be it therefore enacted Power of leafing by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the hands, &c. veiled Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and m Ass&nee, "

all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any Gaoler, on R-Geceral or Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace to t^sworn* wb ch any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act*rn' stall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Discharge, or if the said Jcdices shall so think fit, administer to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in*crder to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

' j do swear, That

4*was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison of

or in Custody in some other Prison [at the

1 case may be] to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thir- teen, and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his ' [or, her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought, with the

Body of the said and produced to the said

' Court, is or are a true Copy #or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me

or any other Person, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.*

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper person d.e!i-or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, on the said Sixth Day of ^sno^Gaoler hyctmbtr One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or since, shall on 6th Nov. act happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler 1813, he shallany such Prison or Gad at the time any such Lift as afore- take following

said ath*

C. 28.

Oath.

Debtors fallety (wearing shall (utter as for wilful Perjury.

Debtors discharged not liable to be imprisoned for Debts prior to 6lh ISov. 1813.

Prisoners not discharged of

4 GEO. III. A.D. 1813. i

said is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Sessions or at any Adjourned Sessions may and are hereby required to administer to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper -I

or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, or deputed Keeper thereof, and 

deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Sessions, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to say,

T do swear, That I have examined the

A Commitments or Books of or concerning the Commitments of

Prisoners to the Prison of [/ the County, Riding9: '-

Divi/ionf City, Town> Place or Liberty,] and that I do verily believe

that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really trueand not fiditious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it

doth appear, that was on the Sixth Day of

November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen really and truly

a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then " i

1 Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison G

or Gaol [or other Prison as the case may be-\ without Fraud or

1 Deceit by me or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge or c

t Belief. So help me GOD.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall come er be brought up to such General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she or they so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said Sixth Day of Novem* her One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs which he, she or they ftndl have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and realisable j and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Attion or Suit.

XXIX. And whereas under former Acts of this kind, Doubt9

have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts

as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; To remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent

to

C. 28.

79

A.D. 1S13. 54 GEO. III.

Dthe Sixth Day of INTot?ember One thousand eight hundred and thir- Debtsfubfe-aa<l ft ft shall appear to the Justices at any SeiLoiis or Adjourn- <luent to Ath r^t, that any Ihrifoner or Prisoners then applying to them to be Nov* I^I3* discharged shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as sub-tequent to the said Sixth l)ay of November One thousand eight hundred a&d thirteen, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of fuel) Prisoner on account of ail Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Phfoner not being disproved (or otherwise), to have been incurred previous to the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and to remand him or her hack to the Cudoiy of the Keeper of the Prison from whence lie or {he was brought, for all Debts which he or she itands charged with in his Custody, which shall appear to the Justices to have been incurred sub-ftqueat to the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and their Order for such Discharge shall indemnify tb Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, against Sheriff indem-any Efeape or Escapes, Action or Adlion9 whatsoever for Escapes, nihed. which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them; anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action of Ucape, or any Suit or Action to be brought against any Justice or Justicrsd the Peace, Shcriif, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead

the Gectnl Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff General Issue,

be nonfaited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pais again! him, or

[Treble Costs.]

[Treble Costs.]

Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias AH pleaded or Action of Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against generally by aay Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Admini lira tors, upon I>r'foners* any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute

or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said Sixth Lhy of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, with to Prisoners in atftual Custody on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, it shall and ciy be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Aiaiuistrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Priuner in such Prison or in some other Prison, at such a Per ion's Sint, on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County,

LI Tty, City, Town or Place (according to his, her or their case,) w shout pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Dd>t, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to plead in dJcharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case my be) was contracted or due before the said Sixth Day of Novem ier One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply gene-my, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled

So

C. 28.

[Treble Costs.]

Prisoner^, who on Application as Insolvent Debtor* have been remanded back, and lince ditchaived without Content, entitled to Benefit i* Act.

Act not to extend to Attornie,. Servants embezzling Money, Sheriff's Officers, &c. eiccept confined I o Year.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 181J.

[Treble Costs.]

entitled to the Benefit of this Act, ctr not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person being a Prisoner charged in Execution on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case during such time as such Prisoner shall remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs without his or her own Privity or Consent subsequent to the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Day whereon he or she might other wise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every fuen Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the same Relief and Advantage to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged, for any Money or other Effects recovered or received by him or them for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own Uie; or to release or discharge any Servant, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrulled as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her or their Master or Masters or Employers, and by such Servant or such other Person or Persons aforesaid, embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; except where such Persons shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past: Provided that nothing in this Act contained extend or be construed to extend to release any Sheriff's Officer, or Serjeant at Mace of the City of London, or to release any other Person employed by any Sheriff, Bailiff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, with regard to any Debt or Demand for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effects, received or possessed by any such Sheriff's Officer, Serjeant at Mace, or other Person as aforesaid* for the Use or on the Account of his, her or their Employer* and bj

C. 28.

8i

fcA Sheriff's Officer, Serjeant at Mace, or other Person as aforesaid, ok*lied, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use.

XXXIV. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate way of Life by various fubtiic Stratagems, 1 Threats and Devices, and under afTumed and fictitious Name or ' Names for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers Sums -of Money, or Securities for Money, Goods and Merchandizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit Be k varied, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by filfe Pretence or Pretences, or under any fictitious Name or Names illumed for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained fmm any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bo'ub, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, {hill have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but en due Proof of such fraudulent Conduct as aforesaid, the Justices shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from which he or she shall have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; except where such Person shall hive been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years hll pafL

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections and Exceptions aforesaid against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Teib'aoDT upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otiher legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law: Profided always, that no Prisoner, who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, which were fubied or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Asignment, since his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former Act, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Act, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to Prison as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or she shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by loch Proof or Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Act, and not otherwise; and that no Poriou shall be permitted to make the Objections in this Act mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions igunft such Prisoner previous to the Sixth Day of November last pal grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned s Pnmded also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation with the W ife r.f the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for seducing or rurally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, w in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or in any Action t* any otbcT malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Act, 54 Gfx>, III. G except

Nor to Persons

obtaining Money. Sec. under false Pretences, &c. except confined io Year*.

Evidence of

Objections

given.

Nor to Prisoners remanded to Prison under any Insolvent Ad, for fraudulently obtaining*Money, See.

Nor to Persons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation,

C.a8.

Ac except confined 10 Years.

Nor to Persons removing Effects of Value of 30I. liable to be dil-trained for Rent, except confined lb Years.

N ox to Persons iV-llin.T or atfign-ina Effects to defraud Creditors, except con-tiued 10 Years.

Nor to Persons iofing Money a Play, except confined ZO Years.

4 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Actions respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Decease; and except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years lad pad.

XXXVI. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses and other Premises, have, with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the

Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other Effects, which were sub- jed or liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents

Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, who, in a secret, clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years, any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or Effects of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were fubied or liable to be didrained by their respective Landlord or Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act, except where such Person mall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXVII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned their Estate or Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody of Law or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment hath been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditors, though it hath been difficult to convict the Party of a 4 fraudulent Design; Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Person or Persons all or any Part of his Estate or Effects,

with an Intent to defraud or delay his or her Creditors, or without just Cause for so doing, to be determined by the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought tip to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned j and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment is hereb) declared null and void, except where such Person shall have beet confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Prisoners squander and expenc great Part of their remaining Property by playing at Cards, Dio or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors; Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construe< 1 to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath or fha! have loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment t Prison for any Debt with which he flood charged on the Sixt Day of November last, the Sum or Value of Twenty Pounds, or i the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of Or hundred Pounds, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tenni 15 Bowl

C. 28.

83

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

EowU, Billiards, or other Game or Game* whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid; but on due Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Justices aifmbled at such Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Sessions before which such Prisoner shall be brought, it shall be lawful for such Jciiices, and they are hereby required to remand such Prisoner to Gaol; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-tbacting, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Gaolers not per* Keeper of any Prison shall and is hereby required to suffer any mining Prison-Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and speak with in the Day-time either in the Lodge or other convenient Room in the '" Books of^fad Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names are inserted prison to be in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the London Gazette or seen. other Newspapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she or they are or were detained; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Penalty.

Coh of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Westminsfery wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, Gaoler or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or Prisons shall make making salsa or cause to be made apy false Entries in any Book or Books belong- Entries, ing to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or wa9 Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, say false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall inlert in any List to be drhvered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Perfect who was or were not in actual Custody as aforesaid, except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall be excepted, every such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble pendty.

C^fts of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Pbint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EfTom, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being Dehors refusing thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, shall refuse to come to discover to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be Trade and confined, or when come to such Lodge shall refuse to discover and A, >odc of Ware the Trade or Occupation and the last Place of Abode or suVdJuintd,

G 2 Habitation,

84

C. 28.

excluded Benefit ct Ait.

Justices for Surry may adjourn to Session lirul'e Horsemonger Lane.

Justices for York and Lincoln may hold Session near to County Gaol.

Justices for Pif-ttet of 1 lolljnd m jv liolftan Adjourned

b e.on.

ri i: \-nrrs in Cuilcdy ler

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Habitation, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or ft\e was detained or charged in Custody, without some reasonable Cause being shewn for such Rc-fufal, every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereoS in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawSul for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Said County of Surry to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for the bringing up of any Prisoner or Prisoners in order to his, her or their Discharge under the Provisions of this Act, at any Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Session of the Peace, other than such as shall be holden at the Sessions House in Horsemonger Laney in the Parish of Newington aforesaid.

XLIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or Lincoln, which Said Counties are each of them divided into Several Ridings or Divisions, all of which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors*Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Sessions of such Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaoler but also to the Prisoners in these large Counties Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold Sessions there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Sessions from time to time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Act.

XLIV. And whereas the District or Division of Holland in the said County of Lincoln, is distant near Forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given Be it therefore cnadied, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or District of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kesteven or Holland, to hold fuen Adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given by the Clerk of the Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or affcdl the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said Sixth Day of November

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 28.

85

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in any of the Gaols of Prison Fec<, E*; !irJ, and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other ^charged. Draacd' due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Pnfoa respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That A&nottocx-the Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any tenc*ro Drhiors Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect of any Debt or ft

Penalty with which he or she shall Hand charged at the Suit of The th^RcvVmfe, " Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any uc. unless Ties-Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of fury content. Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of the Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords CorrurAtTioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Consent, under their Hands, to the said Justices at their hid Sessions or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLV7I. And whereas under former Acts Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Sessions 4 2nd Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of this Act, to oppefe the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before ose Sessions and refused a Discharge, or having given Notice of his or her Intention to be brought up as required by this Act,

and cot procuring himself or herself to be brought up conformably to such Notice, gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Sessions and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged, with the foie View of harassing and subjecting to Inconvenience their Creditors To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Determination Amhority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever the Determination of of Jl, ft, ces final, the Justices in Sessions or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall get rid of the Objection or jedions to Dif-Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the same charge, ray be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to Rate the OVedions why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at some one subsequent Sessions within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application of the Prisoner, and due Proof on Oath or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Justices in Sessions or Adjournment, of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Time within Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, or on satisfactory which Justices Keatons being given to the said Court why he or she was not diic, larSe* Wight up comformably to such Notice, and of Notice like wife laf-ried in the London Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them; and if they then shall be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the

EfUtes of which Prisoners are seized in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

Assignees nay j-ply for further Examination of Debtors to Two Justices.

Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLVIII. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, arc seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying

a Fine or Fines, differing a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries whereby the said Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of such Person or Persons would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors; Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to fundbry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Re*

demption of Estates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or other Contingent Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Truds or Intereds in Estates both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Afiidance to adjud, make out, recover or manage for the Benefit of his Creditors y Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters and Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtor's appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any

Debtor

a 2t.

87

A.D. 1813. 34" GfiO. III.

Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such

reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not haring a lawful Excuse, allowed by

fsch Justices, or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him,

her or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate

or Effects so wefted or intended to be Yelled in such Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

of such Assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to

md for such Justicea by Warrant tinder their Hands and Seals to Warrant.

apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him,

her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without imprisonment.

"Bai or Mainprize until such time as he, she or they shall submit

bam, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to

all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her

or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Fraudulent dif-Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it charges void, shall hereafter appear that the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then aid is every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of none ESeft.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at Assignees with all times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Coufent of M-E&ecbot any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance j"r'7 Value of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of compoundD^bts the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a and submit dif-Meeting to be bad on Twenty one Days* Notice being previousy put. s to Arbi-giwB for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if tration. the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be psblished in the County, City or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions with any Person or Persons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the some shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Ac-cooats; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Lffefts of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do is the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

LII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what

(herald become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors

not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns refuse to act or

meddle therein; To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such if Assignees die, cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such others choiVn. Debtor or Debtors to choose a new Assignee or Assignees, and to ttasi a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy,

Twrn Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant*the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices

G 4 are

88

C. 28.

Courts removing Assignee*.

In cases of mutual Credit, Balance Hated.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns to ad or meddle therein); and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them by this Act for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall refuse to ad, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power in a summary way to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster % and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud or Misconduct of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed, and be vested in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the same Intents and Purposes as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act and any other Person or Persons

I

C. 28.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

89

Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required co his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or A&gnees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them itipettwely, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly Hated.

LV. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Processes issuing out of Courts

ot Conicience; It is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Persons imori-Pnforttrs shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be frned by Courts discharged under the same, provided he, ihe and they conform to the f^?nJc'cnre Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act; and the Keeper or Keepers, j^turned of Gaoler or Gaolers, of all and every Gaol, Prison or other Place of them to Session. Confinement, in which any Person or Persons are confined, or charged in Execution with Debts under Process or Processes issuing out of or from such Courts of Conscience, are hereby required to make out and deliver to the Justices assembled at the next Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace, a true List or Lists of the Prisoners in their Custody so confined or charged in Execution, in like mincer as the Gaolers or Keepers of other Prisons are directed by thisAa.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Affirmation of Ad an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being Quakers taken, a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of trill'll and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are in Aided and imposed by this Act upon Persons con- Perjury, tided of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVII. And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of themselves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prison on account of mere Errors or Omissions in point of Form relating to their

Notices or the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings

directed by this Act It is hereby enacted and declared, That it juflicei mar fcall and may be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such amend Nonces Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to amend such and Schedules in Matters of Form or to supply such Omissions, or to correct such Er- M*, tcr*ot rors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Proceedings directed or rm* declared to be effectual by this Act, as shall appear to the said Justices to have arisen from Ignorance or Mistake of the Parties, without remanding back the said Prisoner or Prisoners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever Insolvent on retie Insolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have leifing Intereil, tn the Reiiduum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a sood w, tncls' ood and sufficient Witness in any Action or Cause to be inllituted by bi* or her Assignee or Assignees for the Recovery of any Debts &e to the said Insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may der obtaining his Certificate,

9

C. 25.

Future Estates of Debtor! discharged under Atl liable for Debu.

Persons having taken Benefit of Insolvent Act within Five Year*, not entitled to Belief.

Bankrupts how far availed by AO.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future Estate or Effects, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act, whether such Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any such Person or Persons, 6r in respect of which any such Person or Persons was or were in Custody; and all and every Person or Persons entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Estate and Effects, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Person or Persons and their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Person of the rarty for Payment thereof, as he, she or they might have had if this Act had not been made; and in any case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could before the passing of this Act have been enforced only by Commitment, cither on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Persons liable thereto, the Party interested therein /haD be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the same for what shall remain unfatis/ied thereof, m like manner as if the Sum remaining unsatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Money had and received for the Use of the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estates and Effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be enforced.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of Five Years last pad, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, fa as to be discharged under the same; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have i/Tue<l and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or her-self to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them named in such Commission, Two Years at the least before the passing of this Act, and shall in all Things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission shall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has so duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Effects, and in all Things conducted himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such

9l

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 28, 29.

Commission, in the same Manner and upon the same Terms as any ether Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and my be discharged as to personal Arrest for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission; bat nevertheless such Bankrupt, and his or her Effects, shall in all ether respect8 whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or she would have been if this Act had not been made.

LXII. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by hch Bankrupt as aforesaid, and in the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has iffoed and is dill in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed; and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Estate or Effects, shall swear that he or she has made a full Disclosure of his or her Effects under the said Commis-fkn, and that he or she has no Effate or Effects which can be veiled in an Assignee under this Act, all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Com-nnf&oo by virtue of such Commission, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, That in case such Commission shall at any dine thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Discharge which Act be obtained by virtue of this Act shall be null and void.

LXIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be (kerned or construed to repeal or affect any of the Provisions contained in the Act hereinbefore mentioned, of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any Act passed to amend the same 5 or to prevent any Perf<in from having or taking the Benefit of the said Act, or of any Act passed to amend the same.

LXV. Provided also, That this Act may be altered, varied or amended, during this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to charge an additional Duty of Customs on Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse for Home C011-fumpdon, before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[14th December 1813.]

WHEREAS certain Quantities of Brandy have been brought into Great Britain under the Authority of Licences granted

00 the Condition of such Brandy being exported to Foreign Parts,

and which Brandy now remains under the Care of the Officers of 1 the Revenue: And whereas it is expedient that such Brandy should row be permitted to be used in Great Britain on Payment of the Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable thereon, and also

of a further Duty of Customs Be it therefore enacted by The Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent d the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from ad after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Coufignee of any such Brandy so imported or brought

into

Notices of Bankrupt, how regulated.

Commission fu-perfeded, Discharge void.

Art not to repeal or affect 53 G. 3. c. ica.

Act altered, lie.

EXP.

Additional Duty on Brandy.

On Payment of

Duties, Brandy delivered for Home Consumption.

Duty levied as other Duties of Customs.

Act altered, &c.

*9 G. 3. c. 74.

11, a.

C. 29, 30. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

into Great Britain as aforesaid, and which now actually remains under the Care of the Officers of the Revenue, to make an Entry thereof with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, and to pay the Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable on Brandy at the time of such Entry, and also an additional Temorary or War Duty of Customs of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Brandy: Provided always, that no such Entry shall be permitted to be made, or the Duties on any such Brandy be received, unless such Entry shall be made and the full Duties on such Brandy paid on or before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That on such Entry being made, and the Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable on the Importation of Brandy into Great Britain, together with the additional Duty of Customs imposed by this Act of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Brandy being paid within the time hereinbefore limited, any such Brandy shall and may be delivered to the Proprietor or Consignee thereof, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain; any thing contained in the Licence or Licences under the Authority of which any such Brandy may have been imported or brought into Great Britain, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament ta the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty of Customs shall be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties of Customs due and payable on Brandy on and immediately before the passing of this Act are ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered; and that the Produce and Amount of the said Duty shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner in every respect as the Temporary or War Duty payable on Brandy imported into Great Britain is appropriated and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[14th December 1813.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedientthat the same should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Law

relating

93

A.D. 1813*. 54 GEO. III. C. 30, 31.

stlniaj to the Transportationf Imprisonment and other Punishment of artjiu Offenders^ as relates to Tra importation beyond the Seas; and Liu so much of an Act> made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the effectual Tran/-pcnjlitnof Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal if Prijaner: in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein men-as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; which Acts were amended and conti-by Six other Acts of the Twenty eight, Thirty fourth, Thirty aistb, Forty second, Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of the Reign ct His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of the then lca: Sdhon of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and t 'tcr Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and ts jzi/.orize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafesy as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, vdnch was to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand tarn hundred and eighty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was revived and continued by Five Acts of the Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty ikond, Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Mii-ifr's Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-isBui eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the same is hereby farther continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[14th December 1813.]

[SECTIONS l./o 8. are the same as the like Sections of 53 G. 3.

<15.]

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine so convicted of Desertion, shall 2ppcar to have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, it shall be lawful for such Court to sentence any such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine so enlisted, to serve for Life as a Soldier, or for ry Number of Years beyond the Period for which such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine shall have enlisted, or generally, in any Rrgunent or Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct; and any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine may, in any case, in addition u inj Service, be further adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advan-Urt 23 to Increase of pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which C'At otherwise have accrued to such Non Commissioned Officer or Iforae from the Length or Nature of his Service.

and part of 24 G. 3. Sell*. 2. c. <6. continued.

28 G. 3. c. 24.

 v

; >4 0.3. c. 6o.

 X

0.3 c. 51.

 1.

41 G. 3. c. 28.

 1

46 G. 3. c. 28.

 1.

53 O 3. c. 39.  x.

25 G. 3. c. 4^'-

 4. continued.

34 G. 3. c. 60. 2.

39 G.3. c* J1*

 2.

2.G.3. c. 28.

 3-

46 G. 3. c. a8.

 2.

53 G. 3. c. 39.

2.

Act altered, kc.

Court may sentence Dcterteis to ierve for Life, &c

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

or order them to be marked*

Pay forfeited during Imj'ri-Ibn merit.

[Proviso.]

Confbbles, &c. to quarter Officers and Men in Inns, Alehouses, Sec*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court Martial before which any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine shall be tried and convicted of Desertion, to difedl, if it shall so think fit, in addition to any other Punishment such Court may award for any such Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on the Left Side Two Inches below the Arm Pit with the Letter (D.), such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation so as to be visible and conspicuous and not liable to be obliterated,

[1Sections II. to 18. are the same as 9. to 16. of 53 G. 3. c. 25.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, during the time of such Imprisonment; and also that, during the Continuance of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House of Correction shall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, during the time that such Nod Commissioned Officer or Private Marine shall continue in Custody, which laid Sum the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Pay-master of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, signed by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, if they should think fit, to order the I flue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on Account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment in any Gaol, House of Correction or Place of Military Confinement.

[Sections 20. to 28. are the same as f 18. to 26. of 53 G.3. r.25.]

XXIX. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the*marching and quartering of the said Royal Marine Forces in several ' Parts of this Kingdom; Be it further enacted, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England and Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men, in His Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and all House of Persons felling Brandy,

Strong

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 31.

Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, other than and except Canteens held and occupied wder the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Bar-reeks, or of the Department of the Ordnance, or of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and other than and except the but in no Dirtil-House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places J*r# or, s^, P-for di&illing Brandy, or Strong Waters, and the House of atay Shop- any Pr^ste keeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and House*. Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses), and in no other, and in no Private Houses whatsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billets at any nine be ordered than there are effective Royal Marines present to be quartered; and if any Constable, Tythingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man in any such Private House without the Con- feit of the Occupier, in such case such Occupier shall have his or her Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damages that such Occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer Officers quarter-shall take upon him to quarter Private Men otherwise than is limited in8 Men and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Com- to puVuon to any Mayors, Constables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof confided before any Two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses), be deemed tad taken to be ipso failo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled Punishment, to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court Martial 5 and Aggrieved by in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved in that such Confla-"& <lu*rtered Ue, Tythingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Justke

Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace V, has^1

quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Royal Marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, sad shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Royal Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Jcihces of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have. Power to relieve such Person by ordering such and so many of the said Royal Marines to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Caule; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Royal Marines

g]y-

30. is the same as 28. of 53 G.3. r.25.]

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That Officers and the Marine Officers and Private Men, so quartered and billetted as Marines to pay ffiirtsaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer

the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling v> !uns*

Houses,

A.D. 18f

Innht Hers re-filling to luinish Men quartered on them with Meat, to allow them Candles, &c. gratis.

Officers to give Notice to Innkeepers of Sub-fitience Money in their Hands, Icc.

c'3r. 54 GEO. III.

3

Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act; -

paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect.:

XXXII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March or: employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of Seven Days at moll, for such Non Commis-, honed Officers and Private Men, who are recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furniffi such Non Commission Officers and Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding Five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such Non Commission Officers or Private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furniffi and allow the same accordingly, then and in such case, the Non Commission Officers and Private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such Non Commission Officers and Private Men, shall pay the several Sums that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that Behalf to the Non Commission Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person, on whom such Non Commission Officers and Private Men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[SeB'tons 33. to 35. are the same as 31. to 33. of 53 G. 3. c. 25.] XXXVI. And, that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore as aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Money, for One or more particular Company or Companies of the said Royal Marine Foroes, or otherwise, shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from time to time be paid, returned or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such times as they shall appoiut for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subfillence Money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within Four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same, as aforesaid $ and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debt9 (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either

to

97

A.D. 1813:

54 GEO. III.

& the Officers or Private Men; and if any Officer or Officers, as officers not rixtuid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not imme- Notice of daiely, upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, content and Subliiteiice par rie same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Mo[l)cy an(* Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City, Ui> therein such Quarters were ( which Oath the Justices of the Peace at fad Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Paymader, or Person for the time being authorized to pay the said Roril Marine Foroes, is hereby required and authorized (upon Cer-ttkite of the said Justices, before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same sowing), to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due Paymasterto to the said Marine Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Pay- lat^fy them out mailer or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Pay- of An tars, mailer or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future; and in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said No Arran Officer or Officers, then the said Paymader, or Person for the time due, Pay nutter br.Qg authorized to pay the said Royal Marine Foroes, is hereby to deduct out of authorized and required to dedud the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to "cxt Suhli'leuce the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Payor Subsid- Jnejr* act Money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall beking; and such Officer or Officers, shall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subsidence Money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are officers neelefl-hatbr declared ipso fado cashiered. ing.Punishment.

[Sesisfu 37. to 40. are the same as 35. to 38. of 53 G. 3. c. 25.]

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace within the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, justres or-SLirta, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by Her Constabl*? the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commission- 1, 1 provide Carers for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective onM]rch.^Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and unto One or more such Justice or Justices by the O nicer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Royal Marines so ordered Jo march, iffae out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High CoctUbles, or Petty Conilables, of the Division, Riding, City, Li-brrte, Hundred or rrecind, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the brae, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them fuffcfceat time to do the same, that the neighbouring; Parts may not ffiways bear the Burthen; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Ccaaty, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought, or shewn to One or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, to the High Con (tables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding,

Division or Precind, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up

9*

Hire jaid down.

Waetrona, &c. not flopped on account of Weight or Number of Hurfes.

Officer forcing Waggon* to traveJ more than One Day'* Journey, & c

[Penalty.]

Rates of Car- e.

31*

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

tuc of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carnages therein mentioned of the High Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same time, to nay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the U(e of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the respective Sums herein after mentioned, for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to protide and furnifti such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifti the same accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be (lopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen j but it shall be lawful for any Owper of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for.under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway.or. Road, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Marine Officer, or Officers for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carnage to travel more than One Day's Journey, or Audi not discharge the same in due time for their return Home, or shall fuller any Marine or Servant (except such as are (ick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Sadcue Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horles from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Private Men; every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds$ Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Twts of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of His Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace $ and is also hereby empowered to dedudfc the same out of such Officer's Pay.

XLII. And be it further enacted, that the Sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Constable in Englandt Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be according to the following Rates; that is to say, ' the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wag-

son with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or our Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile any Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel 5 or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any* Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, 11 or

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 31. 99

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

or with Four Oxen and Two Hoffeii, shall travel 5 and not exceed-bj Three pence for every Mild an^ Cart with Four Horses, or carrying notlefs than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and not weeding Two pence for every Mile? any Cart or other Carriage with les than Four Horses, and riot carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District akmMed at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or Fixed at Sessions. D-irid, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such Additional Rates: Provided always, that in cases where the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, fifth further Compensation shall be made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not ex* cteding the usual Kate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, tfef every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for t{ie Hire of Carriages n aforesaid in Addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling and Nine peace and Six pence ter Mile respectively, shall specify th&

Period for which the same mall be in force, and which shall not ixi any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace set Inch County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order, and a Copy of every such Order signed by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate and one other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Otaner Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall within Three Dsp after the making thereof be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided also, that in every case of any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Justice of the Peace granting or signing sick Warrant shall insert in his own Hand the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description of Carriage as so authorized by tfce Justices at the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increasea Rate; and* no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such is shall be so inserted by the Justice in the Warrant, f Sessions 43. to jl. are the same as $40. to 48. of 53 G, 3. c. 25.

LII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found Wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service 5 it is hereby further enacted, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Coostablet, Sec. Headborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any may apprehend Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter shall Deserters, and be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman can cur!^be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine to foc*, uft, ce apprehend Or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace Iniaj in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and rtqjired to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Consession, the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be ffrad that faefisuspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and

H 2 ought

ami transmit an Account to Secretary of Admiralty.

Gaol Keeper to receive Subsistence of Defciters.

Concealing Del'erters, ice.

[Penalty.]

Diflreli.

Goofs, Sec. not i'utficienL

Impriibatnent.

Receiving Arms, Clothes, &c. of I> e fetters, kc.

C. 3*. 54 GEO. III. AJ?*1813.

ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, luen Justice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy; in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, to the end that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, during the time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter 5 but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding s Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, if he should think fit to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine, during or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment in any Gaol or House of Correction or other public Prison.

[Sessions 53. to 56. are the same ai 50. to 53. of 53 G. 3. r. 25.]

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Paymaster of the Royal Marine Foroes, and shall be credited by such Paymaster in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice of the Peace by whom the same shall have been imposed 5 and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case fuph Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any such Articles belonging to any Marine or Marine Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental 3 Necessarie3#

A.D. 1813. S46 GEO. III. C. 31. iqi

Neccflkries, according to the Custom of the Royal Marine Corps (being provided. For the Marine and paid for by the Deductions out of his Pay), or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed,

Cray such Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence

the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of Penalty.

One or more credible "Witness or Witnesses before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices ct the Peace, by Dilirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Piilrefis. the Offender, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Paymaster of the Royal Marine Foroes, who shall report the same to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and credit the same in his public Accounts 5 and in case any such Ofcder who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Articles as are generally deemed Regimental

'Neoeflanes, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value Goods, &c. not of the Penalty recovered against him or her for such Offence, or sufficient.

shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Con vision,

then and in such case such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands

and Scab, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, Imprisonment,

there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of &c*

Thrre ^fonths, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

LIX. And whereas Marines absent on Furlough granted to them

# by their Commanding Officers are sometimes prevented by Sick-

nrfs, or other unvoidable Casualty, from returning to their Duty

before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough; and

Doubts have arisen whether in such cases the Extension of a f Marine's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be sanctioned by

legal Authority, and effectual for preventing such Marine from

1 being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted j* Be Furlough ex-

it further enacted, That any Inspecting Field Officer, stationed on tended in case of the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain Sickness, &c.

or of superipr Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia stationed

within the District; or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid

within a convenient Distance, that any Justice of the Peace may

and be is hereby authorized to grant in Writing under his Hand

an Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer or

Marine applying for the same on account of Sickness or other

Cafoalty which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extendon necessary; and that every such Officer or Justice of the

Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine

an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the same with the Cause of its being so granted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine

during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended

as aforesaid shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise mplefted

on the Ground of his having deserted, or of criminally absenting him-

kft from his Division: Provided always, that nothing in this Act proviso.

wcuined 'shall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer

IQ2

IV'. 1

[Proviso.]

Order made for Pay due for Period of extended Furlough.

Provifbr

C. 31. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

or Marine, Whefe Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being ptoCeeded agafaft and punished acqordirfg to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that ftfch Non Commissioned Officer or Marine had obtained the Ext&ifion of his Furlough by1 faHe Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the same, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the District where such Marine shall be.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in aD cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine to whom the same shall be granted, it shall he lawful for the Justice of the Peace granting the lame, or where the lame shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.) under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine shall amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Julboe of the Peace taking particular Care to (late upon the Furlough in Words, the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the same has been ordered to be issued, both inclq-five, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to the Parish Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the same so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the lame so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of fuen Order to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer to be applied to the Relief of the Poor by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts; and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Caffi in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him, and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of the Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 31.

ICJ

His Mjjefljr

may make further Orders re spe^tinp. luck Pay men is.

Concealing I*, firmity ho# dealt with.

LXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That it shall be

bwful for His Majesty to make any such further or other Regulation* fcr the advancing of any such Sums of Money in all such cases of Eitension of Furlough, and for the Re-imbursement thereof, as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the same into Efed, and insuring the invnediate Advance of such Money, where oeceflary, in Grmt Britain or Ireland, and the due and regular Re-tmbursement thereof.

KZiont 62. to 75. are the same at J $6. to 60. 53 C7. 3. c. 2C. 1

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall enlist into His Majesty's Marine Foroes, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service, by reason of any Infirmity, which tail have been concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Juihce of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison, or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty ody as shall be allowed by His Majesty, by any Regulation made in that behalf, in lieu and instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers or Marines to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Concealing la-(hafi be btrful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates, fimihy. before whom any Person shall be brought who has enlisted, and who AaJ1 be proved upon Oath before mem and convicted of having wHfaHj concealed any Infirmity, upon being attested, or of having knowingly, wilfully and designedly made any such false Representa-bra as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Person shall thereupon be subject to such Punish- Punishment. amt as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inJbded upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to he adjudged by me Justices of the Peace or Magistrate# so confiding any such Person as aforesaid.

[Sediout 78. and 7 j. are the same at 70. and 71 S3 C. 3. r. 25.]

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland Apprentices in shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the nailing Scotland, of this Act, enlist as a Marine, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at lead Four Years by*regular Con trad or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland* prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Ej&ftment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice, a Certificate or Declaration signed by him,

Verifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shaft have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration Inch Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unkh such Apprentice shall, 'when claimed by such Master, be wader Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Mailer shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abficonded or w. to Service, go before same Justice of the Peace, and before H 4 such

ic>4

Proviso for Apprentices in Sea Service.

Person< hired by Year enlisting entitled to Proportion of Wages.

[Continuance of Act.]

Ad bow far

ai: erid, &c.

C. 3i:

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule 1 to this Act annexed, marked (B*), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the > Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.): Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such: Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven Years in England', Five Years in Ireland, or Four Years in Scotland.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been hired to serve any Master for a Year, or otherwise, shall before the Expiration of his time of Service under such Hiring enlist into His Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall think proper from his Master for the time he has aftuatly served under such Hiring; notwithstanding he shall have failed in confe-

Sluence of such enlisting in completing the full Term of Service agreed or under such Hiring* and the Magistrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Five Days after the Amount shall have beei* declared by such Magistrate.

[ Sections 82 to 84. are the same aj { 72. to 74. of $ 3 G. 3. r. 253

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every thing herein contained shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and shall be and continue in force within the Gavrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain or Portugal\ from the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and North America^ and Cape of Good Hopey from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and mall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horses, may be altered and varied by any or Acts to be made in this present Session of parliament.

SCHEDULE (D.)

TO the [Churchwarden or Overseer] of the [Parish, Township o?

Place.]

YOU are hereby required to pay to A. B\ [describe whether Nor\*Commissioned Officer> &c.j within named; -

Day of

w 00 Furlough from th9 to the Day of

figoed

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 31, 32. 105

Ignedby [ Commanding Officer signtng the the Sum of

out of any Money now in your Hands, or out of the foil Mo*? which shall come to your Hands, in respect of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of per

Day, from the Day of to the

Day of both inclusive; and for so doing this shall be

roar Warrant, and pass as such, for your Repayment under the kirine Mutiny Act. Witness my Hand the Day of

C. Z>- Justice of the Peace for [This Schedule is an additional one9 and is referred to from 60. of thit da.  This A3 is in all other reffectsJtmilar to 53 G. 3. c. 25, txctft as to the Dates, ']

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year 47-3

W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act c*l7*

t9 amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign for the regulating qnd securing the Collection of the Duties on 1 Sprits drilled in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That

it shall 2nd may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland,

npoa Iformation upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed 1 StdU or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil for distilling Spirits has been found or used

m any Place within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice, or that any such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings as in the said Act 1 is mentioned and described has or have been found in any Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, to examine into the Truth 1 of the said Information; and if he shall find Reason to believe that such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such 1 Worm or other Utensil had been so found or used as the case may 4 be, or that such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings has or have been so found, he shall sign a Notice of such Information durded to, and the said Notice shall be served upon any Two Inhabitants, being Householders of the Parish (or if such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil shall be found or used, as the case may be, or if such Wash,

Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found in any Extraparochial Place, then such Notice shall be directed to and served on Two such Inhabitants of the Townland, Manor or Lordship), in which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a 4 Still, or such Worm or other Utensil shall have been so found or used, or any such Wash, Pot Ale, LW Wines or Singlings shall have been lo found: And whereas there are many Townlands hi Ireland which contain but few Inhabitants being Householders

therein, and it is expedient to provide for the more effectual Service of the Notices required by the said Act Be it therefore enacted bj The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Client of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

5 Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Manner of it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall fervms Notice*

io6 C. 3*. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

required by r*. be employed to serve any such Notice, to forve the same by leaving ckd Act. such Notice at the Dwelling House of each such Inhabitant in such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, with any Person or Persons resident therein, above the Age of Sixteen Years; and if no Person shall appear at such House, on whom such Notice can be served, then the Person or Persons who shall be employed to serve the same shall and he or they is and are hereby required to poll such Notice on the Door of such House, and shall leave the same there polied; and every such Notice so served or polled shall be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Notice for proceeding under the said recited Acts and this Act, or any other Act for the preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland*

53 G. 3. c. 148.*II. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty

 x*third Year aforesaid(a) it is, amongil other things, enacted, That all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year and in the several other Acts in the said < Ad of the Fifty third Year mentioned, relating to the imposing or

levying of certain Fines in respect of unlicensed Stills, or Parts of f Stills, or Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, being used or

found in any Townland in Ireland* should be revived and be in full

Force, except so far as the same relate to the fining of any Parish,

Manor or Lordship, or any other District than a Townland: And whereas it is expedient that all the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Acts should be extended to Parishes, Manors and Lord- ships, as well as to Townlands in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Clauses and Provisions, relating to the filing for, imposing or levying all or any such Fine or Fines on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, which are contained in an Act mad*

47 G. 3. Sess. a. hi the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

C*7' amend An Act made in the Forty finth Year of His present Majesty

the regulating and feeurtng the Collection of the Duties on Spirit*

48 G. 3; c. 81.*(Milled in Ireland; and in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of

Mis present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the federal Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits

49 G. 3. c. 99. distilled in Ireland; and in an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of

respecting levy- His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the fevered inttcensed* for r*g*"*ti* a*d securing the Collection of the Duties otu

 till* revived. Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such

Liquors by Retail> shall be and the same are hereby revived and shall be in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Proceedings whatever had or to be had relating to or in any man net* concerning the suing for, imposing, levying or applying any such Fine or Fines on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, shall be had and taken under and fabje& to the Rules, Regulations and Directions contained in the said several recited Acts of the FortJr seventh, Forty eighth. Forty ninth and Fifty third Years aforesaid, and this Act. (a) [53 G* 3. c* 148. is not before recited.1

Affixes msy fiat

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Parishes for un- for the Court or Judge at any Assizes for any County, County of Is licenced Stills. City or County of a Town in Ireland* or at any Presenting Term in the County, or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, for or id respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or any Appendage of a Still, or any Worm, or aay Utensil for diddling* Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low

- Wins*

I07

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 32, 33.

Wm or Spirits + which at any time after the paffioff of the said re- f Sic,

cited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid shall nave been or shall be M or found within any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship in Inland, in such Sum or Sums of Money or Penalty as is and are in ad by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, directed to he inflicted for or in respect of the same respectively, on any Townland in Ireland; and all and every such Fine and Fines on any Panih, Townland, Manor or Lordship shall be sued for, imposed, levied and applied in the manner and under and subject to the Rules and Regulations by this Act revived, or intended to be revived, rebuag to such Fines as are contained in the said recited Act f, t Su.

or any of them; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

tY. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 3-c- M8-A a of the Fifty third Year aforesaid as enacts that all Informations* e

for any 0Hence on account whereof any Townland shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine, and all IHiies and Traverses concerning such Informations, and for the Recovery of such Penalt ies or for the.proving or controverting of any Matter or Thing relating to such Information \ or Penalties, shall be proceeded upon by the Court at such f 5/,

Afire* or Presenting Term, before any Issue in any Civil Case (a) or aay private Action shall be proceeded upon, tried or determined a*, any such Affixes or Presenting Term respectively, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. (a) [gn. Cause

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses and Provi- Provisions re-ions in the nd feverfil recited Acts hereby revived, or intended so to vived tcom* be, and this Act, and all and every the Clauses and Provisions herein "jj?* ^fom contained, shall be deemed and taken to have commenced, and the 53 0.3, c 148. fast shall be in force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, from thp time of the passing of the bid recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, and as if the same had been incorporated therein.

VI. Provided always, and be it fmfld, That all Informations Informations fat far any Offence on account whereof any Townland, Parish, Manor p.^en^s or Lordship shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty 1 u safer this Act, or any of the Acts hereinbefore recited or revived by the find recited Act of the Fifty third Year, or this Act, which ffafl be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, and laid before the Coart at any Affixes in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fiftr third Year aforesaid, and all Issues and Traverses concerning Inch Informations, and for the recovering of any such Fine or Penalty, or for the proving or controverting any Matter or Thing editing to any such Information, Fine or Penalty, shall be proceeded upon, and shall be folly tried and determined by the Court at some Hue during the Continuance of such Assizes, and before the Judges fcall depart from the County in which such Affixes shall be holder*

YIL And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered* Act altered,c. amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be pa&d in this present SdSon of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law

and

C. 33, 34. 54 GEO. in A.D. 1813.

*7 O. 3. (!.) c. 40.

36 G.3. (I.).* S- 5 7.

[44 G. 3- c. 90. 3* G. 3. c. 91.]

Irish AU continued.

AQ altered, Stc.

and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, as amended by an Act of the Thirty sixth of His Majesty.

[ 17 th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Prefer- vat ion of the Peace within Counties at large, which said recited Act c was continued and amended by an Act made in the Parliament of*Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for the better and more convenient Administration < of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way,

1 at the Srssions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large;

and which said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year, as amended*by the said Act of the Thirty sixth Year, was further continued by Two Acts made in the Forty fourth and Fifty second Years of FI is present Majesty's Reign, and is now near expiring j and it is expedient that the same should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as the same is amended by the said recited Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and shall be in force, from and after the passing of this Act* until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That this and the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year hereby continued, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. c. 131. poflf\

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of The East India Company.

[17th December 1813.]

S3 G. 3. c. 155.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing in The East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories 1 in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges: for ejlabltjh 'tng further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said $ 4 Company's Charter; And whereas by the said recited Act it was enacted, that it should be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects* in Common with the said United Company, to export, in Ships navigated according tp Law, from any Port or Ports within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to all Ports and Places within the Limits referred to, save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of Ch\nax any Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

AJ>. i8t3* 54 GEO. III. C. 34. 109

which would then of might at any time or times thereafter be legally exported, and also in Common with the said Company to import in Ships navigated as aforesaid from any Port or Ports within the Limits aforesaid, save and except as aforesaid, into the said United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries within the said Limits, which could or might at any time or times thereafter be legally imported; subject nevertheless to the several Restrictions,

Conditions and Limitations in the said Act contained: And jq,

whereas it was also enacted by the said Act, that nothing the rein

contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the

making, during the further Term thereby granted to the said Company, such further Provisions, by Authority of Parliament, as

might from time to time be deemed necessary for enabling His Majesty's Subjects to carry on Trade and Traffic, diredfly or circuitously, as well between all Ports and Places situate without the Limits of the said Company's Charter, and all Ports and Places 4 (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) situate within those Limits, as between the said United Kingdom and all the lad mentioned Ports and Places, except as aforesaid; but without Prejudice to any of the restrictions or Provisions therein contained,

as to the Resort to and Residence of any Persons in the East India, and Parts aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient to make Prorifion for the enabling the said Company, and all other His Majesty's Subjects, to carry on such circuitous Trade, also to g carry on Trade between all Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, under certain Restrictions and Regulations Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Ea<* ln<^a 90rn*

the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, PTn?\fr, Jw.

it shall be lawful for the said Company, and also for any other of His jtai^myay carry

Majesty's Subjects to trade (in Ships navigated according to Law, on Trade7 with

and proceeding upon any Voyage from the United Kingdom to any intermediate

Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Com- circuitous

pany) to, and at any intermediate Ports, Places or Countries between orw#

the said United Kingdom and the Limits of the Charter of the said

Company, situate in North and South America (other than and except

any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America), and to

and at the Island of Madeira, The Canaries, and Cape de Verde

Islands, the Island of Saint Helena* and the Cape of Good Hope; and for that Purpose to discharge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of

any such Ship or Vessel at any such intermediate Ports, Places or '

Countries as aforesaid; and in the Prosecution of any such circuitous Voyage to take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize which can be legally carried from any of such intermediate Countries, Ports or Places, to any Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company; and in like manner to trade, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any Voyage from any Ports or Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter as aforesaid, to the United Kingdom, to and at any intermediate Ports, Places or Countries between such Limits and the said United Kingdom, situate in North or South America (other than and except the Colonies or

C34.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Importation of Tea.

Prcrviso for 53 G. 3. c. 155-as to Size of Ships, Licences, Certificates, Lifts and Re* (trillions as to Resort, fcc.of Persons to the East Indie*.

Cape of Good Hope, as to India Trade, deemed within Company's Limits; but not for other Purposet.

Ad altered, &c

Plantations of His Majesty in America)* and at the Cape of Good Hope* or the Island of Saini Helena. And it shall also be lawful for His Majesty's Subjects to carry on Trade and Traffic in Ships navigated according to Law, directly and circuitously, between all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China; any thing contained in any Charter of the said Company, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any of His Majesty's Subjects, other than the said Company, or Persons properly licensed by them, to export or import from or to any such Countries, Ports and Places, within or without stich Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom any Tea, or iO any manner to trade or traffic in Tea between any such Porta or Places as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter, or in any manner to affect the Restrictions, Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Act contained, as to the Size of Vessels allowed to clear out from or enter in at any Port of the United Kingdom; or as to any Licences, Certificates or Lifts required by thi said Act, in the cases therein specified; or any of the Restrictions or Provisions in the said Act, or in any other Act contained, as to the Resort to and Residence of any Persons in the East Indies: Provided also, that all Trade with all Ports and Places upon the Continent of Asia* from the River Indus to the Town of Malacca itaelusive, of any I (land under the Government of the said Company, lying to the North of the Equator, or the said Company's Factory at Bencoolcn and its Dependencies, shall remain and continue, subject to all such Regulations, Provisions and Restrictions, as shall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade at any such Ports and Places, under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Presidencies in India.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope shall, as to aR Trade allowed

this Act to be carried on between Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, be deemed, construed and taken to be within such Limits; Provided also, that nothing herein contained, as to the said Settlement being deemed, as to such Trade as aforesaid, to be within such Limits, shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or in any manner to limit or affect any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter be allowed to be carried on between the said Settlement and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament

y

c A r.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

C-35-

HI

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to extend the Period for aQowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parlia- 53 G. 3. c. 155.

ment, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Time, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the letter Administration of Jifiice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter: And whereas the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for allowing the Importation of Goods from Places within the Limtt of the Charter of the said Company in Ships not of British-built nor rendered as such, and of another Act passed in the Forty fecood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in relation to such Ships, were continued by the said recited Act of the last Session of'13 Parliament until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, unless any Provinon was made relating thereto in the present Session of Parliament; and His Majesty was by the f 30.

Cud recited Act authorized by any Order or Orders in Council to authorize any of his Subjects to import from the East Indies and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company into the United Kingdom, and to export from the United Kingdom into the East Indies or Places within such Limits in such Ships under such Regulations as His Majesty should think fit: And whereas it is expedient that such Provisions should be extended and continued until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it therefore enacted by The Kina's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Provisions, RegulationsRegulations, Conditions and Reftxi&ions, contained in the said Acts^Importation or in any Order or Orders of Council now in force, or which may ShiuTnot* be issued by His Majesty under the said recited Act of the lan Bmish-built Session of Parliament in relation to the allowing of the Importation continued, into the United Kingdom from the East Inches, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the East Indies or any Ports or Places within such Limits, of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the said Company or by any of His Majesty's Subjects in any such Ships or Vessels as are in the said Acts or Orders in Council dp-scribed, shall be and the same are hereby extended and continued in full force and effect, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall extend and be applied to all such Ships and Vessels which shall fail from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

m C. 35, 36. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Act amended,

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, fce' altered or repealed by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the

present Session of Parliament.

[Srr c. 134.  t. post.]

CAP. XXXVI.

53 G. 3. r. 155.

Existing Duties of Customi tepealsd.

Exception.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs (*) payable on Goods* Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and tc establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing in The East India Company>fora further Term, the Possession of the Britisht Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter: And whereas it is necessary, in order to carry the said Act into Effect according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, that further Provisions and Regulations should be established, and that the Duties on Goods so imported into Great Britain, whether by the said United Company, or by other Persons under the Authority of the said Act, should be ascertained and equalized Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all the several Duties of Customs (b) payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, having-been imported from any Port or Place within the said Limits, shall cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, remain unpaid or allowed, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(a) [See as to Power to Officers of Excise tofecurc Hatchet of Ships,  J5* (b) [49 G. 3. c. 98. Table B.J

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 36.

fI3

' IT. And whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs ' should be granted to Your Majesty, in lieu and instead of the 1 Duties repealed by this Act, ' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful d loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be facted; and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth <by of Atril One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in lieu and raw ackl* in4ead of the Duties of Customs hereby made to ccafe and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesbr, his Heirs and Successors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britainf from any Port or Pkce within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and (Set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.); and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked ( B.); any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

' 111. And whereas it is necessary, for the Security of the

Public Revenue, that additional Regulations should be established

with rripe& to Manifests, directed to be brought by Matters of

Ships or Vessels arriving in Great Britain, from any Port or Place

within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, the Territories

and Dependencies thereof, or from the Island of Saint Helena

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Master or other Period having or taking the Command of every Ship or Vessel, behaging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, amring in Great Britain from any of the Places before mentioned, fiall hive on board a Manifest or Manifests, as described and directed

by 21 Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 6 0.3. c. 40. Reign, intituled An Act for the Production of Manifejls, and for the mm effeBmally preventing fraudulent PraBices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods; and shall prodice and deliver such Manifest or Manifests, in the manner pre- Manifests to be fenbed and directed by the said recited Act; and that all the Rules, on hoard Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, required and Produced* tirr&ed by the said recited Act, shall remain in force, and be applied to the Purposeo of this present Act; as far. as they relate or may be applicable thereto; except where any of the said Rules, Regulations,

Pravifioot, Penalties and Forfeitures, are repealed, or in any wise altered by this A 6L

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from y the Ports or Places before mentioned, in any Ship or Vessel Britain, shatmr, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of eery such Ship or Vessel respectively, Ihill Jf GEO. III. I bare

Description of Manifest delivered in Great

H4

C. 36.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1IJ13.

16 O.3. c. 40. 5i.

Alterations of Stowage of Good* noted in Log Book and in Supplementary Manifest.

Manifest of Goods laden, how delivered and authenticated.

have on board a Manifest or Manifests in Writing, signed by such Mailer, and containing the Particulars described and fee forth in the said recited Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign j and which Manifest or Manifests shall also contain the Name or Names (if the same shall be known) of the Person or Persons to whom any such Goods shall be consigned, the time when and the Place where any such Goods shall have been taken on board; and distinguishing in every Manifest the Goods which are stowed in the Hold, from those which are stowed in other Parts of the Ship.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Alterations which shall, after the completing of any such Manifest, be made in the Stowage of any Ship or Vessel, by the Removal of any Goods from the Hold to any other Part of the Vessel, or from any other Part of the Vessel to the Hold, or from any one Deck of the Vessel to any other Deck, shall be registered, on the Day of such Removal, in the Log Book or Journal kept by the Mailer of the Vessel, and also in a Supplementary Manifest which shall be kept for the Purpose of registering any such Alterations in the Stowage of Goods by any such Removals as aforesaid; and every such Supplementary Manifest shall be attached to and kept with the 'Original Manifest to which it refers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any such Ship or Vessel shall clear or depart from the Port or Place wherein the Lading or any Part thereof shall have been taken on board, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall prepare and deliver a Manifest in Writing, as hereinbefore required, to the Officer who shall or may be appointed by the Governor, or by the Person or Persons exerdfing the Powers and Authorities of Government of any such Settlement or Place; and such Master or other Person aforesaid shall verify upon Oath the Truth of the Contents of the said Manifest before the said Persons so appointed (which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer), and also to cause a Duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and to indorse upon the Original Manifest his Name, with the Day and Year on which the same was produced to him; which said Original Manifest shall then be returned to the said Master or other Person aforesaid, on or before the Clearing or Departure of any such Ship or Vesselj and such Officer, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, by the first Opportunity other than by the same Ship or Vessel, transmit the said Duplicate of such Manifest so made as before directed under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, as the case

Lifts of Mtrks and Numbers of Packages delivered on Ship-Mg of Goods,

may require.

always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ship any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board any such Ship or Vessel, shall at the time of such Shipment deliver to the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, a'true and exact List in Writing, signed with the Name of the Person so shipping any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, defcrihiqg therein the particular Maakfrand Numbers of the several Packages; and such Master or Other Person as aforesaid shall infart in the Manifest of such Ship or Vessel the Particulars ppntajn$d in such Lift, >and shall pnnex such original Lift to the

XI ^Duplicate

A.D. 1&I3* 54 GEO. III. C. 36. ii$

Duplicate of the Manifest hereinbefore described and required to be transmitted to the -Commissionera of the Customs.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Mmifeftof other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship Goods I;, den at or Vessel, shall, after having departed from the Port or Place where j*her the Whole or any Part of the Cargo shall have been first taken on anJautheatt board, proceed in such Ship or Vessel to any other Port or Place cated. hereinbefore described, and there discharge any Part of the Cargo so taken on board, then and in such case, the Officer so appointed as aforesaid, shall endorse upon the Manifest containing the Part of the Cargo so discharged, an accurate Particular, by Numbers, Marks and Descriptions, of the Part of the Cargo 10 discharged, and verify the same, and make out and transmit a Duplicate of such Endorsement as required in cases of Manifest; and in case any such Master or other Person aforesaid shall, at such or any other Port or Place, take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the said Master shall, before his Clearance or Departure from any such Port or Place, prepare and deliver to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, an additional Manifest, Addkionil coutaming such and the like Particulars of the Goods, Wares and Manifest. Merchandize, there taken on board, in every respect as is hereinbefore ffire&ed and prescribed; and such additional Manifest shall be authenticated, and the Duplicate thereof transmitted in such and the like manner, in every respect, as hereinbefore is directed and required.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel in the Manifest of Course of the Homeward Voyage shall touch either at His Majesty's Goods shipped Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Island of SaintCape of Helena, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge*ope,* or Command thereof shall produce and deliver to the Officers who Helej|a^ty be appointed as aforesaid, all and every the Original Manifest or delivered and Manifests so authenticated as aforesaid, and shall again verify on Oath, authenticated* before the said Officer, the Truth of the Manifest or Manifests;

and the Officer who may be appointed to authenticate such Manifest or Manifests, at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or the said Kkrfd of Saint Helena, shall, upon the Clearing of every such Ship or Vessel, immediately transmit a Duplicate of such Manifest or Manifeih to the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, as the case may require; Provided always, that in every case wherein Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been taken on board either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Island of Saint Helena, a separate Manifest for such Goods, Wares and Separata Merchandize shall be produced and delivered to and authenticated Manifest. by the said Officer, and Duplicates by him transmitted in such and the like manner in every respect as is hereinbefore directed and required with respect to Manifests.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That m case Original Mmi. the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com- fest delivered at rand of any Ship or Vessel so tracting, shall not intend in the

Course of the Homeward Voyage, to touch either at His Majesty, s first touch. Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or at the Island of Saint y Helenas or in case any such Master or other Person as aforesaid of any such Ship or Vessel which shall touch either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Island of Saint Hekuot shall afterwards on the Voyage to Gnat MrUain touch

I 2 at

C. 36.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

of Officers.

Goods brought

into G. B. with-

at any Port or Place; then and in every such case, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Port or Place from whence he shall clear or take his Departure for Great Britain, deliver each and every such Original Manifell or Manifests, duly authenticated, as required by this Act, to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same; and every such Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and the Officer so appointed as aforesaid at any such Port or Place to receive and authenticate the Manifest or Manifests so to be delivered by the Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, shall proceed in every respect as in this Act is directed with regard to the Mailer or Officer so appointed in the case of Ships or Vessels which in the Homeward Voyage shall touch at or depart from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope> or the Island of Saint Helena

Confls at

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the

Foreign Ports to Port or Place where any such Ship or Vessel shall clear or take her personn Duties Departure for Great Britain shall not be under the British Government, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the British Consul resident at any such Port or Place to do and perform every Matter, Act or Thing directed by this Act to be done or performed by the Officer so appointed as aforesaid; and such British Consul is hereby authorized and required to receive from the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel so arriving, the Manifest or Manifests required by this Act to be delivered by such Mailer or other Person; and such Consul is also authorized and required to administer the Oath so directed to be taken and to authenticate such Manifell or Manifests, to transmit Duplicates thereof, and to perform every Act, Matter or Thing respecting Manifests required by this Act to be done or performed by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, (a) or any other Port or Place. (0) [Qu. this Reading.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of Hpril One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, if any ^n^ofnot6" ^00c*8 Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into mdude^&c^ Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the* Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, from His Majesty's Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope> its Territories or Dependencies, or from the Island of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place as aforesaid from whence the Ship or Vessel shall have cleared or departed for Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, without the Manifell or Manifests hereinbefore required, or shall not be included or described therein, or shall not agree therewith, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been included in the Report of such Ship of Vessel; and the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Package which shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain

[Penalty.]

II?

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 36.

Britain without the Manifest hereby required, or which shall not he included or inserted therein or which shall not agree therewith.

XIII. And whereas by this Act certain Penalties are imposed I l % nte- on Mailers of Ships or Vessels in which Goods shall be imported

or brought into Great Britain without the Manifest or Manifests

hereby required; Be it therefore enacted, That the Penalties Penalti-s in imposed by the before recited Act passed in the Twenty sixth a6G-3 c* 40-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Mailer or other on\jaftcrl of Person having or taking the Command of any Ship or Vessel v/in^rting belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty* Subjects, in Goods without which any Goods shall be imported or brought into Great Britain proper Manifest, without the Manifest or Manifests requirea by the said before repealed, recited Act, or which shall not be included or described therein, or shall not agree therewith, shall, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be repealed, so far as the same relate to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, or the Island of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place from whence the Ship or Vessel shall have cleared or departed for Great Britain as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to alter in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

repeal or in any way alter the manner according to which Manifests autheiuicated'ui

are directed to be delivered and authenticated, in respect to Goods China.

imported into Great Britain by the United East India Company,

finoin any Port or Place within the Dominions of the Emperor of

China, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign7 G. 3. c. 31.

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Pro-IX*

vtfotu in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats

mat particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks

in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty

on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony

the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending

several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Hatches locked* Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

the Hatches of all Ships and Vessels arriving from any of the Ports

or Places before mentioned, in any of the Ports of Great Britain

which shall have been or shall be declared fit and proper for such

Importation, shall be secured under the Joint Locks of the Mailer Excise.

of such Ship or Vessel, and of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and of the Excise, in cases where that Revenue is concerned; and

no such Hatch or Hatches shall be opened on any Account or

Pretence whatever, but in the Presence of such Officers respectively 5 Opened in pre-

ad if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking fence of Officers

up or opening any such Hatch or Hatches, after due Notice shall

arc been given him for that Purpose, every such Officer so offending

for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit Penalty, fed pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

13

II*

F. I. Company may warehouse Goods as here* tofore.

39 0-3- c. 59.

Goods imported into Port of London by Private Traders, how warehoused.

53 0.3- c. 155.

Wareooufing Goods imported into any other Port than Port of London*

53 O 3. c. 155.

43 6.3. C.X30.

C. 36. 54 GEO. III. A.IX1&13.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to land and lodge, in approved Warehouses, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported by them into the Port of London, under the Securities, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, directed and required by an Act passed in the* Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for permitting certain Goode imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof on the Duties imposed by this Act, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), under the Description of Warehousing Duties, being first paid or secured.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into the Port of London from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, by any Person or Persons so trading under the Authority of the said re* cited Ad of the last Session of Parliament and of this present Act, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize Co imported, which shall have been brought into the Port of London from Come other Port in Great Britain, by virtue of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall be lodged and secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, or in any other Warehouse or Ware* houses approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Three or more of them for the time being subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provisions, directed and required by the before recited Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament re* speding the warehousing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, into any of those Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) which shall have been or may be declared lit and proper for the Purpose of such Importations, under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the before recited Act passed in the lask Session of Parliament, either by the said United Company or by any Person or Persons so trading under the Authority of the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this present Act, shall be lodged and secured in Warehouses approved by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, for the time being subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provisions, directed and required by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to he secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty} or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the said Act, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen*

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

C 3! up

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nothing com, mourned either in the said recited Act passed in the Thirty ninth tained in 390.3. Tear or in the recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of His  /9ito43G#3* pndimt Majesty* Reign, shall extend, or be con (trued to extend,. ^p3t

to exempt any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused romiWarc-a aforesaid, from the Payment of the Duties of Customs imposed housing Duties by this Act on any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the imPfed b7 Ad. same are respectively described and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), under the Head of Warehousing Duties; which Dudes shall and may be paid at any time previous to the Delivery of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from such Warehouse, either for the Purpose of Exportation or Home Consumption.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be E* L Company lawful for the said United Company to secure by Bond, in the Bond uiual and accustomed manner, the (Several Duties of Customs imposed utltl*

by this Act on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the said Company; and such Bonds shall be given under such Penalties and Conditions, and for such Periods, as to the Payment of the said Duties, in like manner as Bonds were given for the Payment of Duties of Customs by the said United Company before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchaser or Purchasers, of any Duties paid" ex-Goods, W*res or Merchandize, which, having been imported from ported from forae Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the Warehouse United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East without Pay-Itdiei* and secured in approved Warehouses, and on which Goods I?cm further the Duties impoied by this Act, under the Description of Ware Uty' houiiag Duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth

in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), shall have been paid or secured, to export the same directly from any such Warehouse, without Payment of any further Duty of Customs or Exctfe whatever; subject nevertheless to all and every the Rules,

Regulation*, Restrictions and Securities, directed and required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as for as the same are applicable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor Goods intended

or Proprietors, Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Goods, Wares^out

or Merchandize, imported as aforesaid (not being prohibited to o: i paying Duties be tifed or consumed in Great Britain)* on which, die Duties on Home Con-imposed by this Act under the Description of Warehousing Duties fumption.

foall have been paid, shall intend to take the same out of the Warehouse wherein the same shall have been lodged as aforesaid, in order to be used or confirmed in Great Britain, the Person or Pet-font? so mtending to take out any such Goods, shall, before the same feast be so delivered from any stich Warehouse, make a due Entry of such Goods, Waves or Merchandize with the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and pay down in ready Money to the Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the foil Duties due and payable on such Goods# as the same, are- respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto acted, marked (B.), under the Descriptsouof Home Constimption

14

Duties,

Exrife Duties.

New Duties paid in all cases.

No Drawback allowed on Goods not exported within One Year.

Value how ascertain d on Goods ernime-rated in Table (A.)

0.3. c. 13. I7*

Value how ascertained on Goods enume-

C. 36. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1 Si 3.

Duties, together with such Duties of Excise and other Duties as may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time the same shall be taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used or consumed in Great Britain.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, which may hive been imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company, before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and lodged and secured in Warehouses, shall be delivered from any such Warehouses, either for Exportation or Home Consumption, until the Duties imposed by this Act, and inserted and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked

iA.) and (B.), under the Description of Warehousing Duties, or some Consumption Duties (as the case may be), shall be fully paid 5 notwithstanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may hav been imported and fold before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), shall not be paid or allowed, unless such Goods shall be exported or shipped for the Purpose of Exportation, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Day on which the Home Consumption Duty shall have been paid thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cu(lom8 imposed by this Act on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), are charged, not according to the Weight* Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained, whether such Goods. Wares or Merchandize, shall have been imported by the said United East India Company, or by any other Person or Persons, according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the fevered Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting' other Duties in lie u thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with others compiling the Public Revenue; for permitting the Im- portal ion of certe. tn Goods, Wares and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives $ to the Reduction of the National Debt; or by any other subsequent Act or Acts (0) relative thereto, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, (a) [SeetfG. 3.C. 68. 18.  49 G. 3-f.98. j 18.  f. 122.  I'pqft.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cuiloms imposed by this Act on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed*

A.D. 1813.

S4 GEO. ra.

C. 36.

Bfxed, marked (B.), are charged, not according to the Weight, TMe, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be imported into the Port of Land on either by the said United East India Company, or by any other Person or Persons, or which, laving been imported into any Port of the United Kingdom other than the Port of London, shall have been removed to the Port of London for the Purpose of Sale for Home Consumption, under the Authority of the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold at the Public Sales of the said United East India Company, without any Reduction or Abatement whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof; the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, which shall be imported into any Port of Great Britain other than the Port of London, except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, are required to be removed to the Port of London for the Purpose of Sale for Home Consumption, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by the before recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any other subsequent Act or Acts (3) relative thereto, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. (3) [SW Note to 25.]

XXVIII. And whereas by this Act Duties of Customs are payable on certain Articles, according to the true and real Value

thereof, to be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods

/ball have been publicly sold at the Sales of the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas

much Inconvenience and Delay hath arisen in the Payment of the Duties and Delivery of the Articles brought from the East Indies, ' either as Presents or for Private Use, particularly Specimens of

Natural History, Models, Drawings, and other Articles, tending

to illustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences, arising from the

Necef&ty of such Articles being exposed to Public Sale by the

EaJL India Company, in order to ascertain the Value according to winch the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collected,

and such Articles are also thereby exposed to great Injury and Damage \ And whereas it is expedient, in order to remedy such Inconvenience and Delay, that the Duties of Customs payable on such Goods should be ascertained, without the same being in futore exposed to Public Sale Be it therefore enacted, That, from

*"r*ter the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who

121

rated in Table (B.) imported orhrought into Port of London.

j3 G. 3-c. 155.

Value how ascertained on Goods enumerated in Table (B.*) imported into any Out Port in G.B.

53 G* 3- c. 155.

17 G. 3. c. 13. 17.

Articles for Private Use, entered on declared Valtfe.

Value ho<v af* eeruined.

Goods imported before April ic, 1814, entered on declared Value, on Oath that Goods are for Private Use. Duties on Prize Goods, how paid.

Duties on Prize Goods, how paid.

Duty on Sugar continued till 25th March 1815. t.s. ante.

C3& j406E(Xm A.D. , i8ij.

who shall import or bring into Great Britain i from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East India, any of the Articles before mentioned* or any Articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain), on which the Duties of Customs are now chargeable according to the Value thereof, either as Presents or for Private Use, and not by way of Merchandize, to enter the same with the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs, such Goods having been first lodged and housed in Warehouses according to Law; and that the Value of such Goods, according to which the Duties of Customs are due and payable, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all die Rules, Re*

fulations and Restriction6, and subject and liable to such and the like orfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and on which the Duties of Customs are payable according to the Value thereof!

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods on which the Duties of Customs have not been paid, may be entered*, and the Value ascertained, according to the Directions of this Act, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported or brought into Great Britain on or before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that no such Goods shall be admitted to entry under the Authority of this Act, unless Proof shall be made on Oath, before the Collector and Comp* troller of the Customs of the Port of Great Britain into which such Goods shall have been imported or brought, that such Goods were imported or brought for Private Use, and not by way of Merchandize.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize* shall be lodged and deposited in the Warehouses of the said United Company, or in Warehouses approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and shall be sold at the* Public Sale of the said Company; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Sort of Goods are respectively-subject and entitled to by this Act, when imported by the said United Company, and shall be subject and liable also to all and every the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions directed by this Act or any other Act or Acts respecting such Goods in force on or before-the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four  teen, as far as the same are applicable.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by-this Act upon the Importation of Sugar, as inserted, defenbed and-set forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B-j, shall continue-and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Merely One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and no longer; and shall be appropriated* applied and accounted for, according to the Ptovifiont of an Act passed in the present Session of Paruamept, intituled A* AS for

continuing

A.IXiSi3- 54 GEOi Ht

C. 35^ M3

eoatiuuiing to Hu Mafefy certain Duties on Mbit, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Penftons, am/ Personal Estates

In England, /or the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be Separata kept at the Custom House, distinti and apart from all other Duties Account, of Customs; and the same shall be paid into the Exchequer, pur*-fsant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, as to the Duties by the said Act granted on Sugar.

XXXII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury may

bwful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- on

fary, or airy Three or more of them for the time being, to suspend ugM*

the Payment of a Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar impoted by this Act, in like manner, and in such Proportion and according to the Average Price of Sugar, as the Lords of Hi*

Majesty's Treasury are authorized to do with respect to other Sugar imported into Great Britain, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty 49 G. 3. c. 98. ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for re- 8* feeling the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for grouting other Duties in lieu thereof

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall Regulations reappear by Notice in the London Gasette, in the manner directed by Sugar

an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's *c^Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the pre- 110.

fiat War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goode, Warts and Merchandise imported into and and exported from % or brought or carried Coastvnfe within Great Britain, that the Average Pace of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in the manner dve&ed by the said recited Act, for Four Months preceding the fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Dap of September respectively, in every Year, shall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such case. One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Permanent Duty on Sugar imposed by this Act, wall be suspended, until a new Average Price, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be published; and if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Handled Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight,

Pvt of the hid Duty, shall be suspended; and in like manner, if inch Average Price shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be fufjpen ded 5 if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty three Shillings toe Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Handled Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended; if such.

Avetre Price mall exceed Sixty four Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Free Stuffings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended \ if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty five Shil. bigs the Hundred Weight, then Sit Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the hid Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price flail exceed Sixty six Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven ShOfegt in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be fuf* pended; if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, tnen Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight tf the said Duty fhsril be suspended y if such Average Price shall utd ditty eiglx Stuffings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings

Bounties on Refined Sugar.

Ship with more than Six Pounds of Tea on board forfeited.

Goods and Ships forfeited seized by Officers of Navy.

C. 36. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1ffi p

lings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended and if such Average Price mall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty, shall be suspended. 1

1 XXXIV. And whereas certain (Bounties are allowed on the

Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America: And whereas it

is expedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar produced from

Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, or by Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any Person or Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of the like Sort or Description of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America g subject in every respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Rest rilions, Penalties and Forfeitures now by Law practised and applied with relped to the Bounty allowed oh the Exportation of Refined Sugar.

XXXV. And whereas it is necessary that some further Provision should be made to prevent the illegal Importation of Tea

into this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, if any Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, and belonging wholly or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty (other than and except such Ships or Vessels as shall belong to or are employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), shall be found on the High Seas, or shall be discovered to have been within the Limits, having on board any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the Whole, except Tea for the Use of the Persons on board, not exceeding One Pound for each Person, then not only such Tea, together with the Packages containing the same, but also every such Ship or Vessel, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officer*, of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise. '

[ See $ 36. as to such Seizures by Officers of Customs*'}

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the: Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, may and shall be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs (a); and that every Forfeiture incurred by this Act, and whereof the-Recovery is not specially provided for by this Act, may and shall respectively be (a) [See $ 35. ante, as to such Seizures by Officers of Excise also.]

sued

125

A.D. 1813.54 GEO. III. C. 36.

foed for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like ways, means and methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs(a) may now be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in Great Britain, or in the Islands of Jerfevy Guernsey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or in any of His Majesty's other Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the case may happen to be. la) [See 6 35. ante, as to such Seizures by Officers of Exctfe also.]

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Proviso for A6L nothing in this Act, or in the before recited Act passed in the lad by which Goods Session of Parliament, shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or imme- 1

diately Wore the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for prohibiting the Consumption or U(e of any Foreign Manufacture within Great Britain; but that all and singular the said Acts, and the Provisions, Penalties and Regulations therein contained respectively, shall remain and continue of the same Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act and the said before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament had 53 G. 3. c. x55. not been made; any thing contained in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Goods subject to nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, former Laws of to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, to Imported *-be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any way or Prl* manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except in any case where Provision is expressly made for that Purpose by this Act, or by the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted Duty payable and imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, on any SrealeP Tale, Guage, Measure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Mer- w QuantitX. chandize, charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof, than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly t

inferred, described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, maked (A.) and (B.), in proportion to the actual Weight, Number,

Quantity or Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XL. And whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Mer-

chandize, legally imported into that Part of the United Kingdom

called Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the

Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should be allowed to be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand Regulations s* eight hundred and fourteen, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to E. I. Goods fa imported as aforesaid into Ireland, shall and may be imported imported from (Sre&ly from thence into any of those Ports in Great Britain, which I*1*1-fcall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the safe Custody of such Goods; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Great Britain, shall be fabjeft and liable to

126

C. 3 6.

54 GEO. III.

Act not to alter

now paid or recovered.

Not to repeal Acts of Union.

39 & 40 G.3.

<.6;

40 G. 3. (1.) c. 38.

such and the like Duties on Importation) and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks on Exportation, as the like Articles would be subject and liable to, if imported directly into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company 5 and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize mail in every other respect be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Limitations and Conditions, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall and may be ware-housed under the same Regulations, Securities and Conditions, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize would be subject and liable or entitled to, if the same had been imported into Great Britain directly from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, an<r be it further enacted, That nothing manner in which^ftns Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to alter the utieion ea manner in which the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tea into Great Britain, are now paid or secured, but that the said Duties shall continue to be paid or secured as heretofore.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing-in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the said First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs, whether Countervailing or other, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal, or in any wise to affect the Tonnage Duty on Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts, granted by an Act passed in the Forty ninth. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Tonnage Duties in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeS 39 or^wife to affect any of the Duties on 8hips or Vessels, accord-

c. xix. 134. tQ tjjg Tonnage thereof, granted by an Act passed in the Thirty

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An jf8 for rendering more commodious, and for letter regulating the Port 43 G. 3. c.cxxiv. of London; or by an Act passed in the Forty tnird Year of the 3* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the

Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund9 to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of Londou, by the Mayor9 Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Councit

Not to affect Tonnage Duty in G.3.

49 O. 3. c. 98. Table D.

Nor to affect

*7

54 GEO. nL

C. 36.

sfmhled; most to empower the Loris Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Legal Quays between London Bridge and the Towr of London.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to affect this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to, or in any way affest, alter, vary or repeal, any of the Duties granted by, or any of ws' the Provisiona contained in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 0.3. c. 10. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making father rnyvision for the effeducd Performance of Quarantine; or in 20 Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 46 g. 3. c. 98. Majesty, intituled An Act for making additional and further Provi

/uo fa the effectual Performance of Quarantine m Great Britain.

XLVI. Provided afro, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nottoafleft in the Act contained fhaQ extend or be construed to extend to East India Dock alter or repeal, or in any wise to affect any of the Rates or Duties RaUs* granted and made payable to the East India Dock Company, by any Ad [a) or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the fad Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(*) [43 G.$. c.cxxii. #91.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Not to affect contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in any ScavaS wde diet the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citaessof the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate wtikm Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption no wkch any Person or Persona, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Excise Acts not nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend dtered. to aker, vary or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which Duties of Excise are imposed on any Article imported or brought into Great Britain, or by which any Securities, Rules, Regulations or Restrictions are made or provided for the securing any of the Duties of Excise, but that the lame frail remain in full Foroe and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament FormerRegylt-m force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April tions continued. One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Rules, Regulation s, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or directed, for the afoertairring the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or far the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Cuf-tome, or far the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coast wife, or from any Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing or shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is exprefdv made by this Act; and all Protifions, Clattfes,

Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to fre Subject of this Act, sad for carrying the fane into Execution

as

Duties and Drawhaiks col-le&ed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

Goods in Tables A.B. subject to former Regulations.

Exceptions*

Former Pemrt-ties, ftc. m Force. Exception.

Duties under Commissioners of Customs.

C. 36. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively infer ted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), as the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for or in respect of the several Goods, Wares or Merchandize specified therein, may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like manner, and by the same means, ways or methods, as former Duties of Cullom8 and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, ways or methods respectively as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatsoever, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of Aprii One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisiona and Declarations contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby dirrded and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, a6 if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

LI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

14

12 9

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 36.

shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs b Scotland for the time being.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by Continuation of this Act imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and which Temporary or are particularly described and set forth in Figures in the Tables War 1>ul, cs-hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.J, under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, mall continue in force during the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[Continued till $th July 1815, c. 64. poJll\

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from Appropriation, the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and f B.), under the Head of Permanent Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and ac- Permanent counting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into Duties, the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and shall be appropriated, issued and applied in like manner and to the same Services as the Permanent Duties of Customs hereby repealed would have been appropriated, issued and applied if this Act had not been passed; and that the Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, as the same are described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), under the Head of Temporary or War Duties (the Temporary or necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), War Duties, shall from time to time be appropriated, issued and applied in like manner in every respect as the Monies arising from the Duties called Temporary or War Duties, granted by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for re- 49 3-c-98*

pealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and $ $2m for granting other Duties in lieu thereof were dire died to be appropriated, issued and applied.

[Proviso.]

LIV. And be it further enacted, That on the due Exportation Drawbacks al- from Great Britain of any Sugar on which the Home Consumption lowed on Sugars Duty imposed by this Act shall have been paid, the Exporter or exported. Exporters thereof shall be entitled to such and the like Drawbacks as shall be allowed at the time of such Exportation on Brown or Muf- cQ'oado Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations exported from Great Britain: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to impose any Duty on such Sugar when taken out of the Warehouse for Exportation only.

LV. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty third Year of 33 0*3*

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclu/tve Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Go- vemment of the said Territories, and the better Administration of

Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Re-1 venues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision

for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta,

1 Madras and Bombay, it is, among other things, enacted, that the 116.

' Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of 1 England trading to the East Indies should, within the First Fourteen Sitting Days after the Thirtieth Day of March in every*Year, lay certain Accounts before Parliament: And whereas it is ' expedient to alter the Periods for making up and presenting the said 54 Geo. III. K*Accounts

Accounts of Company when pi et'ented to Parliament.

I.imitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Act altered, dec.

Continuance of Act

Accounts to Parliament; Be it therefore enacted, That the several Accounts directed by the said recited Act to be presented to Parliament shall, by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, be annually made up to the First Day of May % and be presented to both Houses of Parliament within the First Fourteen Sitting Days after the said Period, in every Year 5 anything in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Costs by Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every thing herein contained, shall continue in force (except where any special Continuation is directed by this Act) until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and no longer.

[Srr cc. 34, 35. ante; and atto Ireland, c. 103.]

TABLES

l

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

131

C. 3d.

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Persons authorized so to Trade, on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being secured in Warehouses.

TABLE (A.) WAREHOUSING DUTY. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

MUSLINS, plain; plain white Calicoes; Muslins or white Calicoes, flowered or stitched; plain white Dimity 5 Nanquin Cloths; and all Articles manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture  ! . I. d.

thereof for every 100, of the Value Good*, Wares and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or uied m Great Britain, 0 0 IOO

for every 100. of the Value For the manner in which the Value of the before mentioned Goods shall be ascertained; and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are liable;  See the 27 GEO. III. Cap. 13.  53 Geo. III. Cap. 155. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed. 0 O ICO

Coffee - the cwt. 04O OlO

Indigo - the lb. Raw Silk viz. 0 O I OOl

- Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb.  of any other Sort - - the lb. I For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which the Warehousing Duty on such of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond;  See 3pf GEO. III. Cap. 59. and the Ad to which this Table, is annexed. And, for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations, respecting the Payment of the Warehouung Duty on such of the said Articles as shall be imported by Persons authorized to Trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company;  See the Ad to which Ais Table is annexed. 004 006 O O X 0 0 I

t

54 GEO. III

A.D. 1813.

C. 36.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, having been imported into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East; Indies, either by the said United Company or by Persons authorized so to Trade, and secured in Warehouses, payable on the Delivery of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, from any such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain (not being prohibited to be so used or consumed); exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on warehousing any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and exclusive also of such Duties of Excise, or other Duties, as shall be due and payable thereon at the time of such Delivery.

TABLE (B.) PERMANENT T cmporary or

HOME CONSUMPTION DUTIES. Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

ALMONDS;  viz. Bitter - the cwt. of any other Sort - the cwt. Aloes;  viz.  J. d. 1 5 0 3 16 0  s, d* . s. d. 063 0190

Socotorina - - the lb. 020 - 0 0 6

of any other Sort - the lb. Oio - 003

Alum - the cwt. 0 14 0 - 036

Roch Alum - - the cwt. Amber;  viz. Beads or other Manufactures of 094 O24

Amber - - the lb. 096 0 1 4 - N 0 0 0

Ambergris - the oz. Ammoniacum, Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.  Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus. Animi, Gum. See Gum. Anniseed. See Seed. Oil of See Oil. 040 OIO

Annotto - - the cwt. 1 12 0 - 080

Aqua fortis - - the cwt. Arabic Gum. See Gum. Arangoes or Arangoe Beads, 0 11 4 O 2 IO

for every jioo. of the*Value Arrack. See Spirits. 25 0 0 650

Arsenic - the cwt. 0 11 4 - 0 2 10

Afafcetida - the lb. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment. 008*" 0 0 2

Balsam; viz. Artificial or Natural - the lb. Bamboo Canes. See Canes. 0 0 - OIO

Barilla - - - the cwt. # [&* 43 G. 3. c. 68. 41.] 1 086 0 2 1}

A.D. 1813.

54 GEO. III. C. 36.

f33

TABLE (B.)  continued

Bark;  viz.

- Jesuits Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

- if for Medicinal Use,

for every 100. of the Value

- if not for Medicinal Use,

for every 100. of the Value Bdellium - the lb.

Beads; viz.

- Amber Beads. See Amber.

- Arangoe Beads. See Arangoes.

--Coral Beads - - the lb.

- Crystal Beads - the 1000

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every jtfioo. of the Value Bees Wax. See Wax.

Benjamin Bczow Stones Books; viz.

bound --- unbound

the lb. the oz.

the cwt. the cwt.

Borax; viz.

- refined - - the lb.

- unrefined, or tincal - the lb.

Bottles of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials - the Dozen Quarts Brandy. See Spirits.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free.

Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil.

Cake Lac. See Lac in Gum.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis.

Calicoes 5 viz.

- plain white Calicoes,

for every 100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes, which shall have been printed, painted, framed or dyed in Great Britain,

for every jgioo. of the Value white, flowered or stitched,

I for every 100* of the Value

1 Calve Skins. - See Skins.

Sec Gamboge.

Kj

PERMANENT Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

 J. d. . s d* . s. d.

40 0 0.IO O O

20 O O - 500

0 0 8'0 0 2

0 12 6 O, 3

12 0 - 056

O O O - 12 10 0

OI4 ., 004

0 2 0 - 006

5 4 0 - 160

3 17 0 0 19 3

0 1 4 004

006 - - 0 0 ij

060 016

50 0 0 - 12 10 0

26 0 00 ov 6 10 0

[34

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

C. 35.

Tabic (B.)  continued.

(Camel Hair. See Hair. ICamphire; viz.

- refined

- unrefined Candles of Wax I Canes;

the lb. - the lb. the lb.

viz.

Bamboo - - the 1000

Rattans (not ground Rattans)

the 1000

Reed Canes - the 1000

Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted, inlaid, er otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every 100. of the Value - Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon's Blood, and other Walking Canes or Sticks,

the 1000

Cantharides*- the lb.

Caps of Cotton,

for every ^100. of the Value

1 Cardamoms - - the lb.

Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine - - - the oz.

Carpets; viz.

of Persia - the Yard square of Turkey, under Yards square

the Carpet

- 4 Yards square, and not exceeding 6 Yards square - the Carpet - - - exceeding 6 Yards square

the Carpet

See Gum.

Cashew Gum. Cassia Buds Fiftula

Lignea

I--Oil of -

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Castor, Oil of I } S" iL Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

China Root - - the lb.

China Ware,

for every ^ioo. of the Value Cinnabar. See Vermillion.

Cinnabaris Nativa - - the lb,

PERMANENT Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

 S. d. . /. d*  d*

0 I 8.0 0 s

0 1 0 - 003

020 - 006

1 7 0 - 069

170.069

1 1 0*0 5 3

0 0 0 - 12 10 0

3 4 0 0 16 0

028 - 0 0

50 0 0.1210 0

018 - 0 0 y

0 3 4 - 0 0 10

200 - 0100

1 0 0 - 050

0 0 100

650 - in 3

014 - 004

008 - 002

020 006

010 - 0 0 3

100 0 05 0 0

018 - 005

Table ( B.)  continued.

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Cinnamon

Oil of See 03.

Cloves

- Oil of See Oil. Cochineal

- Dull

Cocoa Nuts

the lb.

the lb.

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Coculus Indus -.the lb.

Codee ... the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See

Bullion.

Colocynth. See Coloquintida.

Coloquindda, or Colocynth - the lb. Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours. I Cohinbo Root - - the lb.

Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis.

Radix. See Radix.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper; viz.

- Ore - - the cwt.

- Old, fit only to be re-manufactured

the cwt.

- unwrought; viz.

- Copper in Bricks or

Pigs, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper the cwt.

- Copper in Plates and

Copper Coin, the cwt.

- part wrought; viz.  Bars, Rods or

Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

- Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described, Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved,

for every 100. of the Value

Coral; viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- in fragments - - the lb.

- whole polished - the lb.

- unpolished - the lb.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

. t. do

020

046

008

002

004

020

004

014

0 1 4

008

074

074

0120

1 5 o

50 o o

o o 10 o9o

st

 / d

. t. d.

006

ox U

002 o o o1, o o I

006 Q Q 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 0 2 O X IO

o I 10 030 063

12 10 O

o o 2!

O 2 4 )

0X2

k4

Table (B.)  continued.

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Cortex Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark the lb. Coftos - - the lb.

Cotton j viz.

Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described,

for every  100. of the Value Thread. See Thread.

Wool. See Wool.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Cowries - for every jgioo. of the*Value Crystal Beads. See Beads.

Cubebs - - the lb.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Dyagrydium. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

Dimity j viz.

- Plain White Dimity,

for every 100* of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Dimity, which shall have been printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain,

for every 100. of the Value Dog Skins. See Skins.

Drawings, coloured - - each

plain, - each

, piam I caen

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity. See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course, manufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every 100. of the Value unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every 100. of the Value Earthenware. See China.

Ebony. See Wood.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

Elephants Teeth the cwt.

Elk Skins. See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds)

for every 100. of the Value*ZSee 43 G. 3. c* 68. $ 41.]

. t. d. 018 o o 10

. s. d.

. s. d. 005

O O 2{

5 000

25 0 0 008

50 o o

12 10 o

650 0 0 2

12 IO O

45 o o

030

016

009 O O 4

50 0 o

40 O o

340

12 10 O

12 IO O

IO O O

O 16 O

3 2 6

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

137

I

I Table (B.)  continued.

|Feathers; viz.

|----- Ostrich Feathers, dressed - the lb.

- undressed - the lb.

- of any other Sort,

for every  100. of the Value Flax, rough or undressed - the cwt.

[Fareft Seed. See Seed.

Fan. See Skins.

Galaoga ... the lb.

Galbamim - - - the lb.

Galls - - - the $wt.

Gamboge -.- the lb.

Garden Seed. See Seed.

[Garnet; viz.

cut the lb.

rough Gem SiL See Sal. - the lb.

Geneva. See Spirits. Ginger ... the cwt.

preferred the lb.

Ginseng -Glass; viz. the lb.

--Bottles. See Bottles.

- broken, fit only to be re-manufactured

the cwt.

- rough Plate Glass, and ground or

polished Plate or Crown Glass,

for every ^100. of the Value - - - - And besides for every Foot superficial Measure  Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every jffioo. of the Value

- Paintings ou Glass,

for every 100. of the Value Glass is subject also to a Duty of Excise. Goat Hair. See Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

- Plate. See Plate.

Gran 31a - - - the lb.

Gum; viz.

Ammoniac us Animi Arabic Cashew

- Copal

- Eiemi

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the cwt. the lb. the lb. I

C. 36.

PERMANENT Temporary

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

. > / d.  s. d. . s. d.

2 4 0.. OIIO

O3 4 - - 0 3 4

40 0 0.. IO O O

O 0 4 O O I

O 0 4 O O I

O 1 0 -.003

O94 - - 024

O 1 4 004

I 4 0 060

O 8 0 - - 0 2 0

O 18 0 046

O 2 6 0 0 7{

0 1 2 " 003!

O 2 6 - - 0 0 7I

90 0 0 - - 22 10 0

O 3 il -

90 0 0 - - 22 10 0

So 0 0 - - 12 10 0

0 0 4 0 0 1

0 1 0 .003

0 0 8 - 002

094 - 024

0 6 0 - 016

0 1 4 - 004

0 0 6 - 0 0 i

Gum Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

- Lac; viz.

- Cake Lac - - the lb.

- Shellac, or Seed Lac - the lb.

- Stick Lac - - the cwt.

--Opoponax - - the lb.

--Sagapcnum - the lb.

- Sandrake or Juniper - the cwt.

- Sarcocolla - - the lb.

--Senega - - the cwt.

- Tragacanth - - the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value

 x. d.

 x d*

o o o o o 6

0 3 o o o 15 o o o9O I

40 o o

Hair; viz.

- Camel - - the lb.

- Goat, or Carmenia Wool - the lb.

- Human - - the lb.

- Articles manufactured of Hair, or

any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described,

for every \oo. of the Value Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance of the nature and quality of Undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same purposes,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Hides; viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the

Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed - the Hide

- tanned, and not otherwise

dressed - the lb.

- Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair,

not tanned or in any way dressed the Hide

- tanned and not otherwise

dressed - the lb.

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or un-

dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every  100. of the Value ..or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of the Value

o

o

o

S

o

o

o

o

o

*J

JO

04 -

o -

00-

6 4 -

o 8 -

o 10

08-o 10

00-

00-

Temporary

or

War Duy.

. X. d.

0 O 1

O O

0 I 7

0 O 9

O O 2

0 3 9

0 0 2

0 2 4

0 0 3

10 0 0

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 1 0

12 10 0

OI7

0 0 2

o o{

0 0 2 O O 2j

650

|ao 10 1

*39

C. 36.

1 1 Tabic (B.)  continued. I PERMANENT Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

1 Horns; viz.  Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Horns jf. r. d.  /. d  /. d.

the loo manufactured, 044 - Oil

for every 100. of the Value unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or described. O O O 12 10 0

for every jioo. of the Value 2? 0 0.650

Hordes, Mares or Geldings - each Human Hair. See Hair. Hufle Skins. See Skins. 5 5 0 i 6 3

Japanned Ware, for every iao. of the Value Jeftrits' Bark. See Cortex Peruvian us. Jewels. See Emeralds. O O 0 - 11 10 0

lwfoo.- - the lb. Iris Root. See Orrice. Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake. Knubsof Silk. See Silk. Lac. See Gum. Lacquered Ware, 0 0 a 0 0 0

for every 100. of the Value Lamb's Wool. See Sheep's Wool in Wool. Lapis; viz. 0 0 0*12 10 0

Calaminaris*- the cwt. 0  8.018

Contreyervse - - the oz. 018.00 5.

- Lazuli - - the lb. 028.008

Tutiae - - - the lb. Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis* Lead; viz. 006 m*0 0 ii

White Lead - - the cwt. Leopard Skins. See Skins. Lialeed, Oil of See OiL Long Pepper. See Pepper. 0 00 0 m m 020

Mace ... the lb.  Oil of See Oil. 074 - 0 1 10

Madder Root - - the cwt. 040 0 m 010

Mangoes - - the Gallon 040 m 010

Manna ... the lb. 010.003

Maps ... the Piece Martin Skins. See Skins. Ma&ich; viz.  1  Red - - the lb. 010 008 010 m 003 002 003

Mrlafa -.- the cwt. 060 m m 016

Mother of Pearl Sheik, rough the lb. 008 m 002

C-3<5.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

/ Tt \ rnntinued* PERMANENT Temporary or W ar Duty.

J, tiulC 1 U 1 t (/* Duty. Drawback.

Musk - the oz.

Muslins; viz,

plain, for every 100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Muslins which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain,

for every jioo. of the Value - flowered or ft itched,

for every jgioo. of the Value

j. d. 4 o

26 o o

26 o o

Myrobalanes; viz.

- candied

- dryed

the lb. the cwt. the lb.

Myrrh

Nanquin Cloths,

for every jffioo. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Nanquin Cloths, which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain,

for every 100. of the Value

Nutmegs

Oil of See Oil.

0 894

1 4

26 o o

Nux Vomica

Oil; viz.

--of Anniseed

- of Cajaputa

n  of Cassia of Castor

the lb the lb.

044

o 1

the lb.

the oz. the oz. the lb.

- V. WMAWft

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated

or described,

for every 100. of the Value --- of Cinnamon - - the oz.

- of Cloves - - the oz.

- of Linseed - - the Tun,

containing 252 Gallons

- of Mace - - the oz.

- of Nutmegs - - the oz.

- of Turpentine - - the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100. of the Value Oker - - the cwt.

Olibanum - - - the cwt.

Opium - - - the lb.

Opoponax Gum. See Gum.

50

o

o

26

o

o

o

50

0

1

o

3

2

2

1

0

4

1

12

1

1

o

O o

5 4

18 o

7 o

 x. d % . s. d*

010 6 10 o

20 o o 

6 10 o

002 024 004

6 10 o

20 o o I 

Oil

003

o o o o o

o9o 6 o 6

12 10 o o 1 o

004

6 13  o o 5

005

O O HI

li 10 O

O I 4 096 o i 9

O O Q 1.C

- T able ( B.)  continued PERMANENT Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

1 . s. d. . x. d. . /. d.

Orange Flower Water - - the Gallon 028 0 0 8

Ore; viz.  Copper. See Copper.  Gold or Silver. See Bullion. Orpiment, or Auripigmentum - the cwt. I 4 O 060

Orrice, or Iris Root - - the cwt. I40.060

Ofbich Feathers. See Feathers. Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described - the lb. 0 0 8 0 0 2

Paintings on Glass. See Glass. Paper; viz. Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith - - the lb. O08 0 0 2

Printed, painted or stained Paper, or Paper Hangings - the Yard square O I 0 0 0 3

of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - the lb. 014 O O

Pearls, for every  ioo. of the Value Pepper - the lb. 5 0 0 0l6 - 004;

- Cayenne - - the lb. O40 - OIO

- Long Pepper - - the lb. Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon O08 - 0 0 2

O40 OIO

Pidnres; viz. under 2 Feet square, the Picture*13 4 0 J3 4

of 2 Feet square, and under Feet square,. - - the Picture 568 1 6 8

of 4 Feet square, or upwards, the Picture 800 200

Plate; viz. Battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion. of Gold - - the oz. Troy 300 0 ij 0

of Silver, gilt - the oz. Troy 050 - 0 1 3

- Part gilt - the oz. Troy 048 - 012

- ungilt - the oz. Troy 036 - 0 0 10;

Precious Stones. See Emeralds. Prints 5 viz. Paper Prints, plain - the Piece 014 004

- coloured, for every ioo. of the Value JO 0 0 m 12 10 0

*4*

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

C. 36.

TABLE (B.) 

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

PROVISIONS:

His Majesty is authorized to permit for a limited time, by Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel, belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calyes, Sheep, Lambs and Swine; Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise; Bacon, Hams, Butter, Tongues, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, Duty-free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like manner to recal such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if circumstances shall seem so to require;  Sec 39 Geo. III. Cap. 87. continued by subsequent Acts; and by ci GEO. III. Cap. 14. further continued until Six Month* after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

[ Quicksilver - the lb.

[ Radix Contrayervac - - the lb.

1 Rattans. See Canes.

\W00d. Red. See Wood.

[ Reed Canes. See Canes.

1 Rhubarb ... the lb.

[Rice ... the cwt.

1 f See the Note under the Head of Provisions.]

\ Roch Alum. See Alum, i Rose Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Emeralds.

[ Rum. See Spirits.

Safflower - the cwt.

1 Saffron - - the lb,

I Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.

1 Sago, or Sago Powder - - the lb.

[ See the Note under the Head of Provisions.] i Sago Powder. See Sago.

I [See the Note under the Head of Provi(i<

Sal; viz.

- Ammoniacus - - the lb.

- Gem ... the

I Salep or Salop - - tl

\ Saltpetre - - the cwt.

San drake Gum. See Gum.

. X. d. . x. </. . x. d.

0 I 4 - - 0 0 4

0 I 4 - 0 O 4

0 1 8 0 0 5

0 6 0 0 1 6

0 7 0 0 1 9

0 6 0 - - 0 1 6

0 0 6 - - 0 0

0 0 4 0 0 1

a 6 0 - - 0 1 6

0 1 0 - - 0 0 3

0 0 4 0 0 1

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 3 6. M3

Table (B.)  continued* PERMANENT Temporary Of

Duty. Drawback; War Duty.

 x. d*  x. d. . d.

Sanguis Draconis - - the lb. 0 1 4., 0 0 4

Ssrcocolla Gum. See Gum. Saunders; viz., White or Yellow - the lb. Scaxnmony - the lb. 0 3 4 008 054 0 0 10 0 0 2 0 i 4

Sea Cow, Sea Horse or Sea Morse Teeth the lb. 014 0 0

Seal Skins. See Skins. Seed; viz. Anniseed - - the cwt. 1 16 0 090

Coriander Seed - the cwt. 076 0 110}

Cummin Seed - - the cwt. 0 12 6.03 lx

Forest Seed, for every 100. of the Value 0 0 w 650

Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, the lb. 006 0 O I x

Worm Seed - - the lb. O I 0 003

Dot particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo. of the Value 25 O O 650

Seed Lac. See Lac in Gum. Sena - - - - the lb. OIO 0 0

Senega Gum. See Gum. Shawls manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, for every 10q. of the Value Sheep's W00L See Wool. Sbdhc. See Lac in Gum. Silk; viz. 1 Knubs or Hulks of Silk - the lb. 5 0 0 12 IO 0

030 Ov O O

1  - Raw Silk, viz. I Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb. 030 009

of any other Sort - the lb. 046.O I lx

Waste Silk - - the lb. 030 to 009

Silver Coin, Foreign. See Bullion. Plate. See Plate. Skins; viz. Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Dozen Skins 018 005

Skins, Dog Skim in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Dozen Skins 0 0 00 0 0 2

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Skin 0 0 M O tt O 0

144

4 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

C. 36.

TABLE (B.)  continued. PERMANENT Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

 x. d.  Sm d*  s d.

Skins, Hufle Skins undressed - the Skin 004 m m O 0 I

Leopard Skins undressed - the Skin 080 0 2 0

Martin Skins undressed - the Skin Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, 010 " OO3

the Skin Squirrel Skins undressed 0 0 2 - O O SL

the 100 Skins 094 024

Tyger Skins undressed - the Skin Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, 080 020

for every jioo. of the Value Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, 0 0 r* 650

for every \oo. of the Value 50 O O.12 10 0

Snuff - - - the lb. Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes. O 1 4 004

Spikenard - - the lb. Spirits; viz.  - Arrack - - the Gallon Brandy - the Gallon Geneva - - the Gallon 024 Ol8 Ol6 Ol6 007 005 0 0 4! 0 0 4I

- Rum - - the Gallon Cape of Good Hope, its Territories OIO m " 003

or Dependencies - the Gallon Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise. OIO - 003

Squills - the cwt. O4O.OIO

Squinanthum - - the lb. Squirrel Skins. See Skins. Stick Lac. See Lac in Gum. Stockings of Cotton, 0 0 8 002

for every 100. of the Value Storax; viz. Calamita or Liquida - the lb. in the Tear or Gum - the lb. 50 O O 010. 068 - 12 10 0 003 018

Succades - - the lb. 026 007}

Sugar - - the cwt. For the Conditions under which a Portion of the Duties on Sugar may be suspended according to the Average Price of Sugar as published i 10 6 096

1 Table (B.)  continued. PERMANENT Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

in the London Gazette, when such Price shall exceed the Sum of 60s. the cwt.;  See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed. For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which the Lord's Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorized to suspend, according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either ix. in the cwt. 2s in the cwt. or 3/. in the cwt. being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar. See 49 Geo. III. Cap. 98. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed. The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to be continued in force until the 25th March 1815. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed. ! Sugar Candy; viz. . x. d. . x. d. . X. d.

[  Brown - the cwt.] White - the cwt. 4 IO O 740 - 12 6 I l6 O

Talc ... the lb 006 _ m OO In

Tamarinds - - the lb. Tea, imported by the United East India Company, for every 100. of the Value Which Value shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Tea shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Dedudiou or Abate-j ment whatever. 1 Tea is also subject to a Duty of Excise. 1 Teake Wood. See Wood. 006 600 600 O O

Terra Japonica - - the lb.

[Thread; viz*. Cotton Thread, 0 0 8 - 0 0 2

for every 100. of the Value TincaL See Borax unrefined. 50 0 0 - 12 IO O

Tobacco - the lb. Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufac- turned according to Law, into Short 54 GEO. III.

Table (B.)  continued*

Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco, and exported - - the lb.

And besides, for every lb. of such Carrot Tobacco Tobacco is also subject to a Duty of Excise. Tortoise Shell; viz.

- Manufactures of,

for every  100. of the Value

- rough and unmanufactured, the lb.

Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Turbith ... the lb. Turmeric - the lb.

Turpentine, Oil of See Oil.

Tutiac Lapis. See Lapis.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

Vermicelli ... ^the lb.

[Sr* the Note under the Head of Provisions.] Vermillion or Cinnabar - the lb.

Walking Canes. 1 Walking Sticks. > See Canes.

Wanghee Canes. J Wax; viz.

- Bees Wax, unmanufactured - the cwt.

- White or manufactured - the cwt.

- Candles. See Candles.

PERMANENT Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

 1. d . s. d. . s. d.

- 006 

- 001 

50 0 0 12 10 0

032 - 0 0 9

020.006

006 0 0 i\

006 0 0

Ol8 1 - O O

2 12 0 0 13 0

l8 O 146

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

WINES; viz.

- French Wine imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America the Tun containing 252 Gallons

. I. 65 13 6 . t.

0 0 0 t"*

597

Table (B.)  continued'. PERMANENT

Duty. Drawback.

WINES, French Wine exported to any other Place, . j. d. . s. d.

the Tun containing 252 Gallons German Wine. See Rhenish Wine. Hungary Wine. See Rhenish Wine. Madeira Wine imported in a British-built 54 12 O

Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Madeira Wine not imported in a British-built Ship, 44 3 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons ... exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, 47 6 6

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  ... exported to any other Place, 39 18

the Tun containing 252 Gallons Rheuifh, German and Hungary Wine: - - - imported in a British built Ship, 3615 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  ... not imported in a British-built Ship, 65 13 6

the Tun containing 252 Gallons ... exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United Statqs of America, O O O

the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - exported to any other Place, 59 6 6

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported in a British-built Sliip, 54 1 6

the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 14 7 0 

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America 5 or to any L 2 00 00

Table ( B.)  continued.

WINES of the Cape of Good Hope, continued.

of the Territories of the United States of America,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Portugal, Spanish, and all Wine not otherwise enumerated or described, imported in a British-buik Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Wine is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

PERMANENT

Duty.

. s. d.

43*

46 6 o

Drawback.

. t. d.

13 6 o 1250

'Ti

39 0

36 15 o

Wood; viz.

- Ebony, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Red Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Rose Wood - - the cwt.

- Teake Wood(a ), 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing 50 cubic Feet Wool; viz.

- Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair

in Hair.

Cotton Wool - the ioolbs.

- Articles manufactured

of, or any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described, for every jioo. of the Value  Lamb* Wool. Sheeps Wool.

- Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool, the cwt.

Worm Seed* See Seed.

(a) [Repealed, r.66. f 1. pojt,] IQ

PERMANENT Temporary \ or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

 / d.  /. d. d.

6 IO O - 112 6

I IO O - 076

1 16 O 090

I 4 4 - 061

087 - 0 CO

O O O 12 IO

064 - O X

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 3 6. 149

Table (B.)  continued. PERMANENT T erri pora^ or

Duty Drawback. War Duty.

Yarn; viz. . /. d. . s, d. . t, d.

Cotton Yarn - - the lb. 008 - 002

Zedoaria - - the lb. Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great 010 003

Britain - for every jSioo. of the Value Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in 0 0 0 0 0M

Great Britain, for every  100. of the Value: N v-n O O - 650

THE Value of such of the Goods, on which the Duties set forth in this Table are charged according to the Value thereof, which have been and or shall be imported into the Port of London, either by the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies, or by any other Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company, shall be ascertained according to the Gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and the Value shall in like manner be ascertained, on such of the said Goods, which having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except London, shall have been permitted to be removed to London, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain;  See the 53 G. 3. c. 155. and the Act to which tins Table is annexed.

Tor the manner in which the Value of such of the Goods whereon the Duties set forth in this Table are charged according to the Value, and which shall be imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, either by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any other Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company shall be ascertained, and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are subject and liable;  See the 27 G. 3. c. 13. the 53 G. 3. c. 15$ 5 and the Act to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which the Home Consumption Duty on such of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond;  See 30 G. 3. c. 59 5 and the Act to which this Table is annexed. And, for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations respecting the Payment of the Home Consumption Duty on such of the said Articles, as shall be imported by Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company;  See the Act to which this Thale is annexed.

by

lS

51 G. 3. c. 119.

yppeah'd.

The Seven Pub. li; Offices, and Tilltccs ailing the rein, continue (1

His Majesty nay appoint Justices to fill up Vacancies.

Attendance.

C-37-

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Ail was made in the Fifty first Year of the

cr

5:

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeal-

ing Two Acts made in the Forty second and Forty /eventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty /for the more effectual Adm in fi ration

of the Office of a Justice, of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ail should he repealed, and more eftcilual Provisions made in lieu thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcr.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fam^, That the said Ail shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Public Offices now established in the following Places, namely, the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westmivfery Saint James Westminster, Saint Andrew Holborn, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Paul Shadavclly in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry y shall be continued, and the several Persons appointed by His Majesty to execute the Office of Justice of the Peace at each of the said Officer* by virtue of the said Ait, shall continue to execute the same, together, with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively as may think, proper to attend.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, upon any Vacancy in any of the said Offices, by l>eath or otherwise, to appoint other fit and proper Persons, being Justices of the Peace of the said Counties cf Middlesex and Surry respectively, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place; and that one or more of the said Justices fb appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Public Offices every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Light of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shad be found necessary; and that Two of the said Justices lb to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like manner attend together at each of the said Offices from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three in the Afternoon.

: '.y

fi.V

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 37. 151

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Justice Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surry, City and ut

Liberty of Westminster or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person for them, other than at the said Public Offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Re-yard or Recompence, for any Act by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice or Mices of the Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary It lone, Paddington, Saint Pmicros, Kensington and Saint Luke at Chdsea, in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence; to be re- Penalty, covered, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed in the manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing Not to extend in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken 10, or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace or at any Meeting of houseVo" Justu.es, for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an Act j7ees tai<en at palT-d in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George Office in Bow the Second, intituled an Act for regulating the manner of licensing Street.

AukojJes in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the G* 2' c* 31* w-j/y easy conviding Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without*'

Licence; or to any Fees taken at a certain Public Oince within the Liberty of Westminster, known by the Name of The Public Office in Bno Street; or to any Fees taken by any Vestry Clerk or his Aflif-tant, as Clerk to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parish in which such Justice or Justices reside, for the Purpose of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Assessments arising within the same Parish, or for the Purpose of hearing and determining any Otfmce cognizable before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special Regulation or Government of such Parish.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices so appointed to Account of attend at the said Seven Public Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerksees takent refj)cckively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a olhce/delivered full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received Monthly to Re-at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfei- ceiver, and tares which shall have been recovered, levied or received in pursuance Amount of of any Adjudication, Conviction or Order, had or made at any of*ees Fa, d to the said Seven Public Offices, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same; to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned shall at all times have free Access; and the said Justices shall, Once in every Month, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respactively, or any Pirt thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or County of Surry, as the case may he; which Oath such Lftice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall pay


1J2

What Penalt: es recovered at Public Offices, paid to Receiver.

Fees not accounted for, Receiver may sue for same in any Court of Record.

[Double Costs.]

Special Bail. Reference.

C. 37. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver to be applied in manner herein after mentioned 5 any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That al! such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the same, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace at either of the said Seven Public Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Condable, Officer or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same; to be applied by such Receiver in manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Person having received any such Fees at any of the said Seven Public Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the same in manner aforesaid; or if any Justice, Justice's Clerk, Con-dable, Officer or other Person, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall neglect to pay the same into the Hands of such Receiver in manner aforesaid; or if any Person having resigned such Office of Receiver, or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within Twenty one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case; in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Action against any such Person so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such Action shall be brought may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Dispute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Person at their Discretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Person shall have Power to administer), and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order, cither for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or for daying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the same Court shall appear reasonable and jud; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

C-37- 1/3

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Receiver may Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Person having resigned or been removed from such Office, or ceafedReceiver! of auy of the other Persons whom the said Receiver for the time and recover from being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such case the Executors. Receiver for the time being may m his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Person, applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or the Executors or Administrators of such Person deceased; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Substance to state that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act> whereby an Albion accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same of such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action shall and may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; in all which Actions, the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any Action founded upon simple Contracts of the original Testator or Intestate j and in nil Actions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of the Plaintiffs acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the same, unless the contrary can be shown in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty in for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice Council may

[Proviso.]

of His or their Privy Council, to direct the Salaries herein after men- or<ier Salaries to tioDed, to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the Julllces* fud Seven Public Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expences of the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Peace Officers, and others therein employed, in such manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, shall seem meet: Provided always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Six hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever:

Provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twenty four thousand Pounds over and above the necessary Disbursements for hiring and repairing the Houses or Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by Receiver con

virtue of the Act hereinbefore recited and repealed, may be continued unued in Office, in his said Office, f it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his" c/*fe ot Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy J, s

Council, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Death appoint another, or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Person, not being one of su.

the Justices appointed to act at either of the Offices aforesaid, to be

the Receiver of the said Seven Public Offices; which said Receiver, Duty of Re-

or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the hereinbe- ceivec.

fore recited Act, shall keep an exact and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provisions of

this Act, and shall apply the same Quarterly in Discharge of the

Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices,

and

54

Receiver to render Accounts.

Allowance to Receiver.

Deficiencies provided for.

H's Majesty in Council may alter Situation of Offices.

'What Af)* may be done by

C. 37. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

and the carrying this Act into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses or Buildings, wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of His or their Privy Council, shall think proper to dire A and appoint; of which said Premises so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property or Interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign and dispose of the same or any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointment as Occasion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith after his Appointment prepare proper Plans and Estimates of all such Contrails and Difhurfements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things towards the Establishment of the said Seven Public Offices, and towards the carrying this Act into Execution, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, shall from time to time think proper to direct.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Receiver shall every Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the same; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver for His Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Use, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, shall direct and appoint: Provided always, that if it shall appear that the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied by the said Receiver, in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Seven Public Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the same, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Consolidated Fund; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, to make such Alterations in the Places where any of the said Seven Public Offices shall be situated; or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the same, as He or they from time to time shall think proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, any Ad is directed or authorized

to

I

A.D. 1813.4 GEO. III. C. 37* 155

lobe done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace refilling in or Justiceaftingin nr or next the Parish or Place where any Offence, or other Matter ncxl Public cognizable before them shall be committed or shall arise, the same thee* Jurild?ction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices acting in inch of the said Seven Public Offices as may be situated next or tear stich Parish or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Justices incapa-JQilices of the Peace appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Continu- of fitting in arce in such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of fitting

fc Members of the House of Commons. f

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice, Receiver or Not to vot'* at Constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of this hleftmnsfur Act, shall, during the time he or they shall continue in their re- 1>a, l, amcut* fpfctire Offices, or within Six Months after he or they shall have the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex or Surry, or for the City and Liberty of Westrr.inJIcr, or the Borough of Southwark respectively; nor shall, by Word, Meflago, Writing, or io any other manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Pertan to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties, or for the said City and Liberty of Westminster or Borough of Soarkwark; and every such Justice, Receiver or Constable as Penalty, aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety tbtrtof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Efioin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such Action to be brought Limitation of within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed: Action*. Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be l>rovtf0, cemilrued to extend to subjedfc any such Justice, Receiver or Con-fLble as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Act or Acts done by him or them, at or concerning any of the said Elections, in thz Discharge of his or their Duty or Duties in their said respectiTe Capacities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices appointed as juaiccs to em-aforesaid shall in their respective Offices retain and employ a suffi- ploy Constables. dent Number of fit and able Men, subject to the Approbation of

His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in to act as Condoles, for preferring the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry respectively, as well by Night as by Day; which said Constables so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have by virtue of any Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made; and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they if ill from time to time receive from the said Justices for the apprehending Offenders, or other wise conducing themselves in the Execution of their said Office or Employment; and such Justices, or

any

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Receivers to pay Constable*.

Constables may apprehend ful-pecltd Persons.

f Sit.

f Sic.

17 Ci. c 5.

any Two of them, shall and may at any time dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable belonging to their respective Offices, whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same, and appoint, subject to such Approbation as aforesaid, others in their Stead: Provided always, that no greater Number than Twelve shall at one and the same time be so retained as aforesaid, at any one of the said Public Offices: Provided also, that if any Person so appointed a Constable as aforesaid shall be dismissed from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this Act, shall immediately cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver out of the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices, shall and may pay to the Constables so appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, such Sum as may from time to time appear reasonable to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending Offenders, and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Act; such extraordinary Expences being first ex mined and approved of by the Justices attending the Office in which such Constables shall have been respectively appointed.

XVIII. And whereas divers ill disposed and suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequent Places of Public Resort, the*Avenues leading thereto, and the Streets and Highways, and Places adjacent, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being; and although their evil Purposes are sufficiently manifest, the Power of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to demand of them Sureties for their Good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole, Watchman or other Person to apprehend every such suspected Person or reputed Thies, and convey him or them before any Justice of the Peace; and if it shall appear before the said Justice upon the Oath of One or more creditable f Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons so brought before him, by such Constable, Headborough, Patrole or Watchman, or by any other Person whatever, as well within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry, or f elsewhere, is or arc a Person or Persons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice that there is a just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were in such Public Place of Resort, Avenue, Street, Highway or Place adjacent as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled dn dd to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Cor red ion.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

c-37-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction shall kb the following Form of Words, as the case may happen, or in at other Form of Words to the like Effect:

DE it remembered, That on the Day of

u in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is brought before me C.D. Esquire, one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of [*r, City, Liberty or Place, as the case may be'], and charged before me the said Justice with being a Rogue and Vagabond; he the said A.B. having been apprehended on the Day of

in a certain called in the Parish

of in the said County [or, City, etcetera, as the case

may be]; and it appearing to me the said Justice, on the Oath of

a credible Witness, that the said A.B. is a Person of evil Fame and a reputed Thies; and the said A.B. on his Examination before me not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, or of his way of living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction of me the said Justice, that there is pi Ground to believe the said A.B. was in such aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony on the Person or Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being; I do therefore, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \Jhere insert the Title of this Act], convict Lm the said A.B, of the said Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of tie Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Mijedj King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and male more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction; and that he for his said Offence be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, until the next General or Quarter i- e case may be] Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the hid County-City or Place, [or the case may be] then and there to be further dealt with according to Law.

[If the Party be committed for a less time than until the Sessions, then say, there to Kmam for the Space of ]'

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any other Form of Words whatever 5 bot shall the same be removed by Certiorai into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the rext General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, loch Person at the time of his Conviction entering into a Recog-azmee with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the farther Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and in afe such Conviction (Hal) be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond,

and

*57

Form of Conviction.

17 G.a. c. 5.

Gertiorari.

Appeal.

Rec^nizance.

i58 C. 37.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Incorrigible

Rogue.

17 G. 1, c. 5.

Warrant.

ProvUb.

Proviso for Lrd Mayor,

& c. of London us 10 Jurisdiction in Southwark.

And for Dean

and High Steward of Westminster.

Officers and Pa-troles of Row Street Office to act asConstables.

f Sit,

and proceed against such Person in the same manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Corredltan until such General or Quarter Sessions; and in case such Person shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Person so convicted by such Justice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Act made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled sIn AS to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Hovfes of Correction; and the said Justices at such Sessiong, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Person so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to some House of Correction or Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sessions for the said County, [Liberty, or City, as the case may be,] then and there to be further dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that no Person convicted under this Act shall be deemed subject or liable to Punishment by Whipping.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurisdictions, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof; or to prevent the Mayor of the City of London for the time being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster for the time being, or the High Steward of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurisdictions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed within the said City and Liberty, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers and Patrole belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street, Should be sworn in as Constables, and be empowered to act within the Limits of the several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Essex and Kent, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Liberty of the Tower*of London; Be it therefore further enacted, That it llrall and may be lawful for any Two Justices belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street (the Chief Magistrate of such Office for the time being, being one) being Justices of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, to administer to such Persons respectively an Oath duly to execute the Office of Constable within the Limits aforesaid; and each of such Persons being sworn shall have Power to act as a Constable for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against Felonies and other unlawful Modes of obtaining the lame f, within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace, as well

JS9

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 37, 38.

[Proviso.]

by Night as by Day; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Con liable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick: Provided always, that when any such Constable shall be dismissed from his said Employment, or cease to belong to the said Public Office in Bow Street, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages, vested in the Person so dismissed or ceasing to belong to the said Office, shall immediately cease and determine.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue Continuance of in force until the First Day of June One thousarrd eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the London Militia to enlist into the Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces j and for completing the said Militia.

[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS Two Regiments of Militia have been raised in

W and for the City of London, by virtue of Two several

Act? of Parliament, one of them passed in the Thirty sixth Year of 3^ G. 3. c. 92. 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending asd reducing into One Act of Parliament Two several Acts passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London

and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City; and the other of them, passed in the Thirty ninth Year 39 G. 3. c. Si. 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament Two several Acts passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty Jiftb Years of the Reign of His present Majesty for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London 5 and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow a certain Proportion 51 G. 3. c.so. 4 of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and to provide for the gradual ReduSion of the said Militia

and it was thereby enacted, that the said Act should not extend to the CHy of London la); And whereas an Act has been passed in this c*

present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and $ 20*

it is thereby enacted, that the said Act shall not extend to the City of London: And whereas by an Act passed in this present c*x7*ante*

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to acccept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City of London, out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prof ecu- tion of the War, His Majesty has been empowered to accept the 1 Services, and to employ in any Part of Europe, such Part of the

(a) [No such Enadmnt appears.]

London

London Militia, not exceeding Three Fourths of the Number actually serving in each Regiment of such Militia, as may make a '

voluntary Offer of extending their Services to all Part9 of Europe: r

And Whereas it is highly important that the most effectual Measures should be adopted for the vigorous Prosecution of the War upon the Continent of Europe, and it is uecefTary to provide a permanent

Supply of Men for His Majesty's Regular Foroes: And Whereas the City of London, notwithstanding the Exemptions from raising: 4 of Men for Military Service contained in their Charters and in'4 the said recited Acts, are desirous, and have voluntarily agreed,

that His Majesty should be empowered to accept any Offers of a 4 Proportion of the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the London Militia to transfer their Services into Regi-: 4 ments of the Line, under certain Regulations; and that a certain Proportion of the said Militia should be annually allowed to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces under certain Restrictions: t His Majesty May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and may accept Of- be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with fers of Propor- the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Militia toenlist Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-into the Line. nty of the same. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, under the Regulations and restrictions specified in this Act, of such Part of the present London Militia not exceeding in any case Three Fourths of the Number actually serving in the said Militia, as shall be desirous of enlisting into His Majesty x Regular Forces in manner herein after mentioned.

Number of

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Number of Pi>

Men in a Com. rate London Militia Men shall be desirous of enlisting into any Regi-Pany* ment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Foroes, which may

His Majesty be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, as a Company or may appoint Companies of not less than One hundred Men to each Company, Officers from and His Majesty shall have signified his Intention of granting London Militia, Commissions in His Majesty's Regular Forces to any Officer or Battalions of Officers act ually serving in the Regiment of London Militia, from Companies, &c. ^hich any such Company of Men shall volunteer to serve as aforesaid in His Majesty's Regular Forces as Captain, Lieutenant and Ensign of any such Company; that in every such case it shall be lawful for such Men to enlist as such Company or Companies as aforesaid, and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Number of Non Commissioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment of London Militia, not exceeding Five Serjeants and Six Corporals to every One hundred Men, to enlist with any such Company of Men as aforesaid; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge such Non Commissioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Forces so appointed by His Majesty, or to joiir togetherTany Number of such Companies and form the same into an additional Battalion or additional Battalions of any such Regiment as # - aforesaid, and in such case to appoint such and such Number of Field

[Proviso.]

and Staff Officers to any such Battalion or Battalions as His Majesty Audi think necessary: Provided always, that nothing herein contained

shall

54 GEO. ML

C. 38.

itfl

&aH be construed to prevent any Number of Men Iefs than One hundred from enlisting as Part of a Company into any Regiment so appointed by His Majesty, under such Regulations, with respect to the Proportion of Officers and Non Commimoned Officers as His Majesty my think fit to appoint.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer so volunteering to serve in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, with any such Company of Men as aforesaid, shall upon his Reduction be entitled to and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in which he shall have been serving at the time of his Reduction.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Men to be raised in either of the said Regiments under the lall recited Act (), passed in this Session of Parliament, by extending their Services to Europe as Militia, and under this Act by Enlistment by Companies into such Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall not altogether exceed Three Fourths of the Number of Private Men actually serving in such Regiment. (b) [r. 17. $ I. ante.']

V. And, towards providing a Permanent Supply of Men for His Majesty's Regular Foroes, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty annually to accept the Services of such Men of the London Militia, not exceeding One Seventh Part of the Number of Private Men in each of the said Regiments, as shall be willing to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, under the Regulat: otrs and subject to the Restrictions herein after mentioned, but in addition to the Men now serving in the said Militia who may enlist in Companies by virtue of the Provisions hereinbefore contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Order or Orders, signed by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to name and appoint such and so many of the Regiments of His Majesty's Regular Forces as His Majesty shall think fit, to re cr.ve Volunteers from the London Militia under this Act, out of other of the Regiments of such Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for auyNumber of Private Men, of each of such Rt^.ments of Militia, not exceeding the Proportion herein after mentioned, to enlist in the manner and under the Regulations herein mentioned into any Regiment as aforesaid, which, in any such Order of His Majesty, shall be named to receive Volunteers from such Regiments of Militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State shall, annually, ascertain the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist out of each Regiment of London Militia, so that the whole Number do not exceed One Seventh Part of each of the said Raiments; and His Majesty's Secretary of State shall, annually, on or before the First Day of February, signify to the Commanding Officer of each of the said Regiments the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist out of such Regiment respectively, under the Provisions of this Act,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such General or Field Officers especially authorized by His Majesty, or by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces for that Purpose, to insped, approve or reject the Private Men who shall be desirous of enlisting under this Act, and loch Officers may approve of or reject such Private Men accordingly s

54 GEO. III. M Provided

Provifu

Officers volunteering tofervw in ReeuLrs to have Half Pjy.

Proportion of Men taken from London Miiicia.

Proportion of London Militia annually allowed to enhtL

His Majesty may app >int Regiments in which Militia Men may enlist.

Number of Men

to enliit.

His Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or xcjeifc Men.

Age, Height, &c. of Men.

Commanding Officer of each Jfcegiment shall read Hi*

M jt ft\ ' Order and explain Terms oflnrol-ment, Sec,

V Number who fl ail eni lt shall not he due Proportion, in whsvt cale further Enlistment m: y take place.

lit what case Hi*

Majesty may appoint further Periods.

[Proviso.]

A* Torn at 2*1' inber enlisted frum either Bugtment is af* cert lined, they shall he diT-chirked; and shal^ii approved,

C. 38. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize any such Officers to reject any Private Men, desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet and Four Inches or upwards, and under the Age of Thirty five Years, and not disabled by Lameness or other Bodily Infirmity*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer of each Regiment of London Militia shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of the Order as to Men enlifiing, cause such Regiment to be drawn out, and such Commanding Officer shall read, or cause to be read, by some Commissioned Oncer to the Regiment so drawn out, His Majesty's Orders in delation to enlisting under this Act, and shall cause the same to be given out iu Orders, and shall in such manner as His Majesty shall direct, explain to the Men the Terms upon which any Man serving in such Militia may enliH into His Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act, and shall, on the Day next succeeding, cause his Regiment to be drawn out, and the Names of the Men who shall then voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting to be written down, and if the Number of such Men shall exceed the Proportion allowed to enlist, such Excess shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlist.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of Private Men in either of the Regiments of London Militia, who shall (when so drawn out as aforesaid) voluntarily de* dare their lnlerGion to enlist, shall not amount to the Proportion authorized to enli(t as aforesaid, then and in such case, a Book shall be opened by the Commanding Officer, and it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, not exceeding the Number necessary to complete the Number allowed to enlist under this Act, at any time within Seven Days after the last Day of such Two Days on which such Regiment shall have been drawn out, to enter their Names in such Book as willing to enlist as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist in any One Year under the Provisions of this Act, from each or either of the said Regiments, shall not have enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces within the said Seven Days as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of the Secretary of State, signified to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, to appoint, from time to time, further Periods of Three Days each for enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Forces* until the whole Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting; and during any such Periods it shall be lawful for any Man to enlist under this Act from such Regiment in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall, from time to time, be given to such Commanding Officer, and by him to his Regiment, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting previous to each such Period, and that there be an Interval of Fourteen Days at lead between each such Period of Three Days*

XII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Number of Private Men to be enlisted from either of such Regiments shall have been ascertained in manner by this Act diredca at each of Rich respective Periods as aforesaid, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such Private Men so to be enlisted from the Militia; and every such Private Man so discharged as aforesaid, shall, if approved by the Officer to be ap

v.pointed

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 38. t$3

ported by His Majesty for that Purpose, immediately belong to the bettefted for

Regiment into which he shall have declared or shall declare his la- Regular Sen ice.

teotios to enlist, if he shall have enlisted into any Regiment of His Majesty's Regular Forces spacified in His Majesty's Orders, or

frail belong if he shall not have enliited into any such Regiment

aa enliited Soldier in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and every such Man shall be thereupon immediately attested for such Service in

His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and shall fas soon as conveniently

may be) be transferred to some Officer of the Regiment into which

he shall have enlilted, or such Officer of His Majesty's Regular Forces

si His Majesty may have appointed to receive Meu enliited under this Act

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Lieu- Lieutenancy to tenancy of the City of London shall within Ten Days after the receiv- transmit to ing of any Order for that Purpose from His Majesty, signified by His I*r*y Counci* Majesty's Secretary of State, transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council Nmn^r dif-aa accurate Account, in Writing, of the Number of Persons that shall charged, &c. have been discharged from the said London Militia and enlisted as

aforesaid under this Act, which Account shall, in all cases where the same may be necessary, be transmitted by the Commanding Officer of each Regiment of such Militia to such Commissioners as aforesaid for that Purpose.

XIV. Provided always, and bf it further enacted, That no Private No Person un-M3kta Man shall be entitled to enlist under this Act who shall be iu der Confine-Conhseoeut under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or with a View ment* entitled to bang tried by any Court Martial, until he shall have suffered the jh^have^of- Satinet of such Court Martial, or shall have been acquitted, or until fered Sentence fab Sentence shall have been remitted $ and that no Private Militia of Court Mar. Man shall be entitled to his Discharge or to enlist under this Act tial, &c.

who frail have been feotenced to any Punishment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the Space of Three Calendar Months next before the time of his so offering to enlist, un-lth hr shall obtain the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be serving at the time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Serj^nt* ind lawful, with the Consent of the Officer commanding either of the Corporal* may find Regiments, for any Number of Serjeants and Corporals, not ex- enhit* cetdkg the* Proportion of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every

Twenty Men enlisting from such Regiment, to enlist in like manner and at such Periods as Part of the said Quota into His Majesty's Regular Forces; and if any greater Number of Serjeants and Corporals, than such Proportion as aforesaid, shall he deiirous of enlisting as aforffed, fetch Number shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlist*

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act not to infra Act contained shall authorize any Officers appointed by His thorize eniiiiing, Mwrfty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this Act, or any Com- ori^rULaf to-aadug Officer or other Officer or Non Cororoiffionwd Officer of any01 duty dit-^Regiment aa afturefrid, or other Person, to enlist or persuade to enlist charged. m mcriwa say Militia Men, other than such as shall have beta duly tfeharged by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regimeot f bfifiua to which the Person defirou* of enlisting shall belong j and i my Officer fraH cafcft, or attempt to cnhft any London Militia Man,

M 2 such

C. 38.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

On Production

listed, Names ditchjrged from Lilt of Men serving.

f* Sic, Adj'U*nti of Militia 10 trinf-mit Returns of Men who have entitled under

such Man shall not be permitted to enter into the Regiment to which the Officer persuading him to enlist may belong.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to OfficeTTcertf. Colonel or Commanding Officer of either of the Regiments of ficates of Men London Militia of a Certificate, under the Hand of any Justice of the having been on- Peace of any County in Great Britain, or of any Magistrate of any City, Borough, Town or Place therein, of any Private Mnn belonging to the Militia having voluntarily enlisted and been attelled for His MajelW's Regular Forces as aforesaid (which Certificate every such Justice or Magistrate and Officer respectively is hereby required to give gratis), such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby required to cause the Person named in such Certificate to be discharged from the Lift of Militia Men serving for the City of London, provided that the Number of Men authorized by this Act to enlist shall not have' previously enlisted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of each such Regiments f of Militia, shall, after the Commencement of every enlisting of Men under this Act, and until the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from his Regiment shall have enlisted, at the End of

- every Week after each Period of enlisting in each Year, transmit to

A&toCornmiffi- the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy an accurate Return of all the oners of Lieute private Men who shall have enlisted under this Act, specifying therein tnnlmit toOver- Christian and Surname of each Private Man, and the Ward and seers of the Poor Parish or Place to which he is allotted, or for which he was serving at auaccountofPri- the time of such enlisting; and the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy vates so enlisted. shall immediately, upon the Receipt of such Returns, transmit to the respective Overseers of the Poor, or Governors or Managers thereof, an Account of the Men allotted to or serving for weir respective Parishes or Places who shall have enlisted under this Act, and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of any such Private Men shall cease from the time such enlisting shall have taken place.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any voluntary Offer from the London Militia, which may be ordered by His Majesty, by virtue of this Act, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if he shall think fit, to order and direct that the Number so permitted to enlist into the Regular Foroes, from the said London Militia, may transfer their Services into that Part of the London Mi* litia serving in Europe, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act (0) of this present Session of Parliament, or may enlist as Com* panics, or Parts of Companies, under the Provisions of this Act, and in the manner hereinbefore prescribed with regard to the spedfic Quota which each of the said Regiments is by this Act required to furnish.

(a) [r. 17. ante.]

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the London Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant's Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Mufi-cian in the Band of the Regiment to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in such Regiment, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist into the Regular Forces as Part of a Company, or m an Enlistment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Act, unless he shall

His Majesty may direct Number permitted to en-iilt in any Year, o transfer Services to Europe, or to enlist in Companies.

Persons enlisting without Consent Of Commanding Officer.

A.D. 1813.

54 GEO. III.

0.38*'

16$

feall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in which he shall be then fencing.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Commanding Officer.of either Regiment of London Militia to refuse Officer* noay rate discharge any Private Militia Man who shall desire his Discharge to d, f<*ir5 for the Purpose of being enlisted into the Regular Foroes, as Part of

a Company, or in an Enlistment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Act, upon assigning in Writing to the General Officer commanding in the District within which such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, where there shall not be such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfott* dif-Peribfl discharged from the London Militia for the Purpose of being charged refuting enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces as Part of a Company, to enlist, or not or in an Enlistment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and SntUme to be-fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Act, shall notwithstand- iong toRegi-iag refuse to enlist pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to ment from whidi enld, so made by him as aforesaid, or shall not be approved of by the discharged. Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then and in every such case such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment of London Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of entitling as aforesaid notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall No Person be enJifted to serve in any Regiment so named and appointed as afore-fnd, as Part of a Company, or in an Enlistment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, shall lent in the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted to

lent, and in no other Regiment whatever; and no Person enlisting in any such Regiment shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Consent, except in some Garrison or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be ne-cefiaiy or expedient to transfer such Person into any Garrison or Veteran Battalion, on account of his being disabled, or for any other sufficient Cause; and every such Person may also be transferred from one Battalion to another of any Regiment in which he may be serving.

XXIV. And, for repbeing the Number of Men hereinbefore allowed to enliil by Companies or Parts of Companies, and annually, mto the Regubr Forces out of the London Militia, be it further enacted, That there shall be raised from time to time, in manner Men r.iiftd to herein after mentioned, a Number of Private Militia Men, equal to rejlace those en-the Number of Rank and File, as shall enliil into His Majesty's ld*cd, n mi!n, e* Regular Foroes, as well in Companies or Parts of Companies, as an- a tcr mcmioned* sadly, by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, when it shall appear to His Majesty to be necessary for the may order Men mart ipeedily completing the Number of Men to be raised for the ^o be raised by Militia, from time to time, under the Provisions of this Act, to order ftlLi[?rura md direct, under an Order of His Majesty in Council, that the for*U* Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the City of London, or the Cobweb or Commanding Officers of the Two Regiments of Militia,

and the Commissiooea Officers, Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Staff

M 3 Serjeants,

drafted from R^eiment hi which enlisted.

C*3& j4# GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Serjelints, Non Comfnifliohed Officers and Drummers of the London Militia, duly authorized by their Commanding Officers for the time being, or by other proper Order or Warrant, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Snrry and Kent, or any of them, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of London Militia, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raised and enrolled under the Provisions of this Act, and to direct that the raising of Men by the City of London, under the Provisions herein* after contained, shall either cease or proceed together with fitch raising or enrolling of Men, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, as aforesaid, and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath 5 videlicet,

J sf.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, his Heirs < and Successors, and that I will faithfully serve in the London Militiaduring the Term of Five Years, and thenceforth during the Re- mainder of the War, and until the Expiration of Six Months after the Termination thereof, to be reckoned from the Ratification ofany Definitive Treaty of Peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

And every Man taking such Oath shall be enrolled to serve in the London Militia according to the Terms of such Oath, and such sevenl Enrolments Aiall take place, and such Oaths shall be administered in the manner in the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed with respect to 36 G. 3. c. 94, 'the Men raised by virtue of those Acts; or by any Justice of the 39 G. 3. c8a. Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant for the County in which such Volun-

teers shall have been raised, or m which the Regiment for which We (HaH have been raised shall be at the time of his joining such Regiment. Commanding

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Com-Officers to trans- manding Officers for the time being, of the Regiments of Militia for SiST'1*? d* any Men shall be so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration

toUeuunanev. ^ewerY Month from the Commencement of enhfthi^ such Volunteers as aforesaid, transmit to the Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the City of London, a Certificate of the Number of Men raised for their respective Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.)

Bounty paid uo-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding der such Rqpi- Twelve Guineas, shall be allowed and paid in respedk of every Man I?*008 a* w ke provided or raised for the London Militia as a Volunteer

ajesty fluu ky 3^ 0 or otherwise, under the Provisions hereinbefore

*'contained, and such Part of such Sum shall be applied towards the

Expences of procuring the Volunteer, and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteer, and such Bounty shall be paid or applied to the Use of every such Man, at such Times asid Places, and in such Proportions, as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such manner, and under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as His Majesty shall, by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pleated to order and direct, and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties, or any Advances in respect thereof as i&sty be ac-

ccfiary.

tftf

Volunteer* to take Oath.

Oath.

Enrolled.

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. EtL

O.38. 167

ctflary, out of any Public Monies in their (lands, or received or receivable by them, out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General in their Accounts.

XXVII F. And be it further enacted, That of the Number of Personi to be raised for the London Militia, under this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that such Proportion as He shall think fit, not exceeding One Fourth Part of the whole Number of Persons to be raised within the same Year, shall confrit of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years and upwards, of such Height as His M^fty may direct, who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enlisting any Men for His Majesty's Army, Sail, so far as the same can be made applicable to the Men cnliiled

for the London Militia, be applied and used* and put in force by all Indices of the Peace and others, and all Persons authorized to raise Men by Beat of Drum for the London Militia, and the preventing Fnnds and absconding by Persons enlisted, and for the Protection of Men baring hastily enlisted, as fully and effectually as if all such Provisions w-re repeated and re-enacted as to the raising of Men by Beat of Dram for the London Militia.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions contained ia ary Ad in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and tN better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enh fling of Apprentices, and the claiming of Apprentices by tfcrir Matters, and the Punishment of any Apprentices, and the Liability to Service after the Expiration of the indentures, and all other Pforifions in any such Ad in relation to Apprentices or their Matters, tall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend to all Apprentices who shall enlist or enrol tuemselves as Volunteers in the London Mrfiria, and the Matters of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the same were severally and leparatcly repeated and re-enacted a this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance to the

Whes and Families of London Militia Men granted by the said Ada of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty, liafl be granted to the Wife or Family of any Man who shall be raised to fierve ra the London Militia by Eeat-of Drum, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, but all Allowances to be granted under the fod Acts, or either of them, to the Wives or Families of any Men nded after the passing of this Act, shall be confined to the Wives or Families of Men raised by the City of London, in manner herein after mentioned. 4

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that a Number of Men shall be raised for the London Militia by the City of London, equal to the Number of Men who shall from time to time enlist into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, as well in Companies or Parts of Companies as an-aadBy by virtue of this Act, and such Men shall be raised and supplied by the several Wards within the said City of London, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, to whom, from time to

M 4 time,

His Majesty may direct Boys to be enlisted for Militia.

Mutiny Act as to entitling extended to Men raised by Beat of Drum for London Militia.

Mutiny Ad reining to Apprentices extended to London Militia.

Allowance to Families 36 G. 3. c. 92. 39 G. 3. c. 8a.

Men raised to replace those enliiled by Wards to whom such were aliened.

l6 8

Lieutenancyto sift in raising Men in such ond same manner as in raising Men for London Militia.

Lieutenancy to issue Precejts for raising Men.

Ten Guineas to he allowed Wards by il Majesty for every Man Tailed under Act

t fa

C. 38. 54 GEO. in A.D. 1813.

time, the Men who shall have enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and who shall be directed to be replaced, shall have been allotted or belonged; and so many of such Men shall be raised and supplied by each and every of such Wards, as shall be equal to the Number of Men directed to be replaced who shall have been allotted or belonged to such Ward respectively, in the manner by the said recited Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty described in relation to providing Men for the said Militia of the City of London; and for that Purpose all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Acts, as far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, shall be applied and practised for the Purpose of raising the Men directed to be raised by this Act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, and the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said City, and all Constables therein, shall respectively have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised and empowered and required, from time to time, to raise and provide the Number of Men by this Act directed to be raised, and to do all Acts, Matters and Things necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorized, empowered or required to carry into Execution the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That Courts or General Meetings of the Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the said City of London shall be held in the said City of London, from time to time, as often as Occasion shall require, and at such Courts or General Meetings the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall issue Precepts for the raising such Men, by this Act directed to be raised in the said several Wards, in the manner in the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, and such Men shall be respectively raised and provided in the said Wards within Twenty eight Days after the issuing of such Precepts.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Ten Guineas shall be allowed by His Majesty in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised for the London Militia under the Provisions lafUy hereinbefore contained, and shall be paid into the Chamber of London

to the Account of the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, and shall be applied in manner herein after mentioned, and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Allowances, or any Advances with respect f thereof that may be necessary, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, or received, or receivable by them, out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General in their Accounts.

10 XXXVI. And

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 38. x69

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Sum of Moner Money which is the CommissioneTS of Lieutenancy shall from time to time thina Lieutenancy necessary (together with the Allowances to be made by His Majesty '

as hereinbefore is mentioned) for providing for the London Militia by Wards, in the Men required to be provided by the said City of London by virtue same Propor-of this Act, shall from time to time be provided and raised by all the tions as they several Wards of the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts Mcn* within the same, in such or the like Proportions as the Number of Private Men in the said London Militia was by the said Act of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty required to be raised.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commis- I.ieutensncy to boners of Lieutenancy at their Courts shall, and they are hereby iXTue Precepts to required from time to time as and when they shall think it necessary, raise Money, to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Council- to

men of the said several Wards of the said City, and the Liberties chamberto thereof, requiring them to cause the Proportions of the Sum of Account of Money for the tune being, thought necessary to be raised as afore- Commissioners, said, hereinbefore appointed to be raised in their respective Wards to to )evfy 11 be provided; and the Aldermen or Deputies and Common Councilmen, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall pro- Monies for vide the Proportions of the Sum of Money directed to be raised in raising Men. their respective Wards, and shall, within Twenty eight Days next after the issuing of the said Precepts, pay the same into the Chamber of the City of London to the Account of the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy, to be applied as herein after is mentioned; and for raising such Proportions of such Sums of Money the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Councilmen of the said several Wards, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time when and as often as Occasion shall require, make such and the like Rates, and upon such or the like several and respective Bodies and Persons within their respective Wards as they were authorized and required to make by the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for providing the Men thereby required to be raised, and shall levy or cause the same Rates to be levied accordingly; and all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His 3^0.3. c. 92.

present Majesty in relation to the Rates thereby directed to be made, 39 G*3* c8a.

shall, lb fax as the same are applicable and are not hereby altered,

varied or repealed, shallf be applied and practised for the Purpose of f Sic.

making and levying the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act in

as full and ample a manner as if the said Po ivers, Provisions, Rules,

Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allowances Monie* in or Sums of Ten Guineas, and the said Sums of Money to be, from Chamber ap. time to time, paid by the said several Wards into the Chamber of P*jed inrJfi"S.the City of London by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in de- by lieutenancy, fraying the Expences of providing the Men by this Act required to be raued by the said City of London, and for that Purpose shall be paid, from time to time, by the Chamberlain of the said City of London jin such manner, and at such times, as the said Commissioners H by their Order or Precept shall direct j and such Precepts or Orders

of

Enrolment of Men raised under A6L

Men raised fab-jed to London Militia Regulations (except ns particularly provided by Ad).

Lieutenancy to apportion Men raised by Beat of Drum among Wards.

i

His Majesty

tnay if rue Orders to Lieutenancy and Commanding Officers for

C. 38. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

of the fall Commissiotiers shall be sufficient Authority to the said Chamberlain for the Payment of such Monies, or so much thereof, as in such Precepts or Orders shall be directed to be paid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Man raised and provided by the said City of London* by virtue of the Provisions lastly hereinbefore contained, shall take such and the same Oath, and shall be enrolled in such and the same manner, as hereinbefore is directed, with respect to the Men to be raised by virtue of this Act by Beat of Drum; any thing in the said Ada of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Men raised by the City of London, under the Provisions lastly hereinbefore contained, shall oe subject to all the Provisions and Regulations contained in the fold Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Men enrolled for the Londm Militia (except in such cases as are in this Act particularly specified), and shall be entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provisions far their Wives and Families, as they would have been entitled to if enrolled in the manner mentioned by the said Acts.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ComoufRoners of Lieutenancy* and they are hereby required at some General Meeting which shall be held for that Purpose, on or before the First Day of February in every Year, to apportion and distribute the Men raised by Beat of Drum under this Act to fill up any Vacancies which may nave been occasioned in the Number of Men atifftted and belonging to any Ward, by enlisting into the Line or otherwise, and in like manner to apportion and distribute any Excels of Men raised by Beat of Drum, over and above the Number of such Vacancies in the several Wards where Vacancies may have arisen by reason of the Discharge of Men whose Period of Service may have expired, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, at any General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to alter from time to time any such Apportionments and make any new and further Apportionments or Distributions, and place any Men so apporGoned or distributed, or applied as aforesaid, to any other Wards, in case it shall appear to be necessary for the making a just Distribut >on of the Men so raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid; and all such Apportionments and Distributions shall be made among the foveral Wards either by Bailot, and entering upon Lifts the Names of the Wards, or otherwise, and in such manner as shall appear to the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, at any such Meeting, most effectually to produce an equal and just Distribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Wards, and the Men entered and placed to any Ward under any such Distribution or Apportionment shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such Wards, for the supplying of any Vacancies thereafter, in like manner as if such Men had been provided by such Wards respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majesty's Secretary of State, at any time, from time to time, during the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, to give such Orders aid Directions to the said 7 Coill-

A.D. 1<X3. 54 GEO. III.

Commissioners of Lieutenancy, or to the respective Colonels or Fating Act info

Commanding Officers of the said Regiments of Militia, as His Executi<*

Majesty shall from time to time think expedient and neceflhry for the

Execution of this Act; and the several Commissioners and Colonels

2nd Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pur-

famce of His Majesty's Orders, to do all inch Acts as shall be necef-

fery for the Purpose of carrying such Order into Execution, and for the doe Execution of the Provisions of this Act.

XLIII. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City Not to prejudice of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this Rights of City Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not dtminifiior be prejudicial hoodon. to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* or the Freemen, Citizens or Inhabitants of the find City, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, art entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and ay continue to enjoy, all and singular the said Rights, Liberties,

IHazes, CuRoms, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Act had not been made.

XLIV. Provided always, aid be it further enacted, That this Act altered,e Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (had be deemed Public Act* and taken to be a Public Act, and (had be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specisUy pleaded.

C. 3I. 171

SCHEDULE to which this Act: refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Perfo&snbfted for Militia between Day tf

sod Day of

Hinot of Mon. When enrolled. When jeiatd. FUce f Residence.vhen fnUfted.

C-39# 40.

54 GEO- III.

A.D. 1813.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for ralfing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th December 18 r 3 " TREASURY empowered to raise 5, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  $ 1, 2. Treasury M to apply Money raised. 3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. $ 4. Interest of 3 Id. per Cent, per Diem, f 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer alter April 5, 1815. 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 44 5, oop, ooool. on the Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. 44 C. 20.  $7.

53O.3. c. 34.

 104

Sch. Cr*

Drawback not to axcaed ad. ditioaalDuty.

CAP. XL.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Payment of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine in certain Cases.

[20th December 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Tobacco and Snuff* and om French Wines* it is enacted, That every Dealer or Dealers or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine who should, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, have

+actually paid in Advance the whole of the Additional Duties by the said Act imposed on any French Wine which should have been found, on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, as in the said Act was mentioned, should be entitled to an Allowance equal to One Third of such Additional Duties so paid in Advance as aforesaid; and by the said Act a Drawback of Sixty three Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, was allowed for every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof should have been paid, and which should be duly exported as Merchandize from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of French Wines: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under or by virtue of the said recited Provisions, the Drawback of Sixty three Pounds for every Tun of such French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity so exported from or out of such entered Stock, is not payable for or in respect of such Wine whereon the said recited Allowance has been received for the said Additional Duties so paid in Advance Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Drawback exceeding the Amount of the said Additional Duty actually paid and retained in, the Hands of His laid Majesty, for or in respect of any such Wine

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.*C. 40, 41.' 173

finll be paid or allowed on the Exportation of any such Wine $ any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to suspend the Im portation of British or /r/^-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[2oth December 1813.]

[49 G. 3. c. 8.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively y until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine; and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of December 53 G. 3. c. 7.

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Afty made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to continue the Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made

from Sugar in Ireland, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that  Jall the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign (except as in the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign is excepted J, should be continued until Four Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time which should or might be fixed under the Authority of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign should be further continued for the Purpose of affording sufficient time for making, effectual Pro*i&ons for regulating the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, in relation to Spirits the Manufacture of either Country Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign contained 49 (except as in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His (CIq a*m Majesty's Reign is excepted) shall continue and be in force, from and f8e*Cepted/ after the passing of this Act, until the First Day of July One thou- continue, land eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Aclsamtnded, Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign and this Act may be &c.

anded, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this wriest Session of Parliament*

repealed.

Convied of cutting or destroying Framework Knitted Pieces, & c. or Machines used In such Manufacture.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Punishment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in such Frames, and to make other Provisions instead thereof.

[20th December 1813.I

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used its the Framework Knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed and other Provisions made instead thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to any thing done before the passing of this Act, with respect to which the said Act shall remain and be in full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, enter by Force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stocking or Lace, or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that purpose, or with an Intent to break or destroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework Knitted Manufactory, or shall wilfully or maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, destroy or cut with an Intent to destroy or render useless any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break, destroy or damage with an Intent to destroy or render useless, any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework Knitted Stocking, or Framework Lace Manufactory; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or Spinning of Wool or Cotton, or Other Materials for the Use of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory; every Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Life, or for such Term of Years

A.D. 1813.

4* GEO. III. C. 42> 4>

*7;

not less than Seven Years, as the Judge before whom such Offender shall be tried in his Discretion shall adjudge and direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act altered, &c. amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

a* i r.O.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to rest in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for extending the present Lines and Works, and for erecting other Works and Buildings at and near Portsmouth and Hilfta, in the County of Southampton.

[20th December 1813.] TTJHEREAS, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships Vf of War, and Stores at Portsmouth, it is necessary to extend the present Lines and Works, and to ered other Works and Buddings at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, and in order there onto to purchase the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Here(foments herein after mentioned 1 And Whereas the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are or may be veiled in or belong to Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees, or other Per*

tons, who by Law are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in att which cases, as also when, any Owner or other Perfot* entitled to or interested in the same, designing to obstruct the Public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves

mfiii on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse

to the same Methods that have been taken in cases of the like > >.

mtnreTo the end therefore that the true and real Value of the said EfLtcs, Rights and Intereils may be ascertained, andhe

Owners and Proprietors thereof, or Persona entitled thereto, may, A

foe a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same; be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Cadent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all mid singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Here- pwami(es fyeci- i speciued in the Two Schedules hereunder written, or here- fied in Schedules

uatoannexed, marked (A*) and (B.), shall be, and the same are (A.)nd(B.)

hereby vested in the Right Honourable Charles Abbot, William Chute Vti! drf*

Efooire and Thomas Freeman Heathcote Esquire, their Heirs and ^n*taken by "

Aligns; In Trull nevertheless for such Person or Persons as at or Ordnance, &c.

(mediately before the time of making this Act was or were the

Owner or the several and respective Owners thereof, or had any

Rights or Intereils therein, according to their several Estates, Rights

asd Intcrefls in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, until

such Estates, Rights and Interests respectively shall be ac^udged and

drummed, or Poffrifion thereof taken by the principal Officers of

His MrieRy's Ordnance, or their Engineers or other Officers acting

under their Authority (which they are hereby empowered to do

when k shall be found necessary for His Majesty's Service), and

sntil the Purchase Monies for the lame, together with Interest from

1he time of taking Possession, after the Kate of Five Pounds per

Centum for the Year for the Sora^khat shall be agreed upon or affelied,

at the true Value thereof, shall be paid; and that the said Pjsrchafe

Montes (half be pad and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents

and

17 6

Compensation made out of Money granted by Parliament.

Commissioners appointed to al-certain and determine Claims of Owners.

Jury appointed.

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

and Purposes as the said Estates, Rights and Interests so vested in the above mentioned Trustees, were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law or Equity will allow thereof, and that in the mean time, and until such Possession taken, or Payment made as aforesaid, the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to, and all such Right and Interests shall be held and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as was or were entitled to have, receive, hold and enjoy the same respectively, and in such Porportions, Manner and Form as the same were payable, and were held and enjoyed previous to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Compensation and Satisfaction as shall be agreed upon, or as shall be found by the Verdict of a Jury, for and in respect of the Messuages, Lands, Tenement* and Hereditaments hereby vested, shall be made to all and every the Person and Persons out of any Money already granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better ascertaining the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Me(Tuage8, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, and the respective Titles, Rights, Interests and Claims of such Owners and Proprietors* and other Persons thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by One or more Commission or Commissions, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint any Number of Persons to be Commissioners to hear and determine all Titles, Rights, Interests and Claims, that shall or may be made or set up to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof 5 which Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, in a summary way, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath (which they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to administer), or upon the Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by the Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said ways, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, to enquire into, and to proceed, aft upon and determine all and all manner of Rights, Titles, Estates, Claims and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates and Questions, which shall happen or arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof, and shall have Power to (end for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings upon Oath, relating to any of the same Premises, and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or by the said Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn as aforesaid, enquire into, proceed, aft and determine, touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, are

*77

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 43.

hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fajrly in Books; which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective Messuages, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of all and every Person and Persons interested respectively in the same, and the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be so agreed for, or assessed by the said Jcry, to be paid for the same respectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall be fairly engrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of The Crown in Chancery, and to The King's Remembrancer in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer 5 and such Judgment# and Decrees, so made as aforesaid, shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Ecddiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Administrators and Afigns respectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity wtatsoever; any Law, Statute or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that full Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Corporations an* Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, Incapac'.ted Per-flull and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fons ma7 treaU treat and agree with all or any of the Owners or Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the absolute Purchase thereof, and of all Eibtes, Rights and Interests therein; and it shall and may be lairful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hafbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves; and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cejlui que Trusts, Remainder Men, or other Person or Persons, to contract and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for the Sale of all or any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, for the Purpose aforesaid; and all such Contracts and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and all Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Ecclesiastical and Civil, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in pursuance of tbs Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politic or in caf* of Refw-Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, fri lo treat, Hutoand, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or Attorney as aforesaid, Matter in or any other Person or Persons interested in such Messuages, Lands, Quest, on settle! Torments or Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days hylwy-am after public Notice in Writing, subscribed by the said Com-affiooers, or any Five or more of them, shall have been affixed 54 GEO. III. N on

*7*

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

bn the Principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Wymertng, W'tdlt % and Portsea> and inserted in the London Gazette; and also (in all cases where the same shall be convenient or practicable) next after Notice shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or to such Feoffees or Trustees, Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or Attorney, or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or left at his or their respective Place or Places of Abode, neglect or refuse to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to accept what they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think a reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for such Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Rights and Interests as aforesaid; then and in every such case, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall with all convenient Speed proceed to inquire into, ascertain and assess the true and real Value of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, by the Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men, or by such other way* and means, and in such manner and form, in all respects whatsoever, as herein is particularly mentioned and directed.

Manner of sum- V. And be it further enacted, That, for the better carrying into woning Juries. Execution the said Commission or Commissions, by virtue of this present Act to be issued, the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorized and required, to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, thereby commanding him to iin-pannel, summon and return before the said Commissioners. at such Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, Twenty four good and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Southampton, qualified to serve Oath. upon Special Juries at the Amzes, who upon their Oaths (which

Oaths they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) shall enquire into, and by their Verdict ascertain and assess the true and real Value of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates, Rights and Interests therein; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to impannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants to attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove if necessary upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) the summoning the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned; and in case the said Sheriffs, Sec. Sheriff or his Bailiffs or Officers shall neglect or refuse (being neglecting Duty, duly served with such Warrant or Warrants Fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof) to impannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, or shall not attend the Commissioners with hi* Bailiffs or Officers at the Return of such Warrant or Warrant* as aforesaid, then and in either of the said cases, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriff, Bailiffs and Officers, or any of them To making Default, not Paiulty. exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor left than Ten Pounds for any One

Offence

A.D. 1813.

54 GEO. III.

179

Offence; and if any Person so to be impannelled, summoned and Jurymen

returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, neglecting Duty.

or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid,

or, being sworn, shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, before the Verdict is given,

or b any other manner neglect his Duty in the Premises; then and

is every such case the said Commissionera then assembled or met, or

any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered to

frt a Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful

Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds Penalty.

upon any one Person for any Offence, all which Fines the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to estreat into

His Majesty, 3 Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of His Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury I" default of

fluff not appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants [uffic,nt Num-

A.X .. . .. hnr of mrompn

to take the lnqueffs, it shall be lawful to and for the said Sheriff to r

-1__________r , 1: 1- -a I"clucft adJurl1-

choose others of the By danders, or that can speedily be procured C(j# being qualified as aforesaid, and if a sufficient Number cannot be procured, then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may adjourn the Inquest to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default, and thereupon the Jurors who shall have been before 'returned by the said Sheriff, and shall have appeared upon such Return, together with those who shall be returned and shall appear upon such Second or any future Warrant and Return or Warrants and Returns from time to time to be issued and made, until a sufficient Jury can be obtained, shall esquire as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Twelve Inquest taken, good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid; Commissionert and that in case Twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the I? adk*urn lf laid Warrant or Warrants, then and in such case the said Com- uturc ay' miffiootTS, by virtue of this Act to be appointed, shall proceed to

take the said Inquest, and after the Inquest shall be taken may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Notice given of by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, Meetings of fluff cause Notice to be given in Writing of the Days appointed for C

the Meeting of the said Jurors as aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the 11 ur*' lead before any such Meeting, which Notice shall be affixed on the Doors of the Parish Churches of Wymering, IVidley and Portscs aforesaid, and shall also cause the same to be published in the London Gfmitc; and if any Person or Persons shall not appear pursuant to Lch Notice, or shall refuse to shew his, her or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and also the said Jury, shall proceed open the best Information they can then procure or obtain* to make itch Inqntfts, Judgments and Decrees as hereinbefore directed; and all inch Judgments and Decrees being entered and certified as aforesaid Hull be final and coaclusive.

I*. And

by

J$0

After Payment of Purdufe Money, Pre-mites to veil in Trustees for Use of His Majesty.

Premisei to continue charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates.

No Commissioner liable to Penalties of 2$ Car. a. c. a.

I W. & M.

BelT. 1. c. 8.

13 & 14 W. 3 c. 6.1 G z.btat. a. c. 13.

Commissioner* Dot disabled

C. 43.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

IX. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be agreed for or assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be by virtue of this present A A appointed, or any Five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any or either of them, the Trustee* hereinbefore mentioned and their Heirs shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand seized of the said Premises respectively, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever freed and dif-xharged of and from all and all manner of Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made, or set up in, to, out of, upon or in respect of the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by any Bodies, Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons whom foe ver on any account whatever.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, which were before the passing of this Act liable to and charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates, in the respective Parishes wherein the same respectively lie, shall, from the time the same were or shall be taken Possession of as aforesaid, Rand and be subject and liable to and chargeable therewith; and that the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be charged and chargeable with such Tithes, Taxes and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised to or occupied by any particular Person, Rand and be charged to and in the Name of and to be paid by the Storekeeper of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, at Portsmouth aforesaid; and that such Storekeeper paying the lame shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall so pay by the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Ordnance for the tune being, on Demand thereof, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper so charged and chargeable therewith shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes, Taxes or Rates charged on him as aforesaid when demanded, that then and in every such case the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such Tithes, Taxes or Rates, and charged on such Storekeeper as aforesaid, shall or may be levied on such Storekeeper so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, by such ways and means and in such manner as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tithes, Taxes and Rates; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner who shall be so employed in the Execution of this Act shall be liable for or by reafok of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Chapter the Second, nor the First of William and Mary, Chapter the Eighth, nor the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of William. Third, Chapter the Sixth, nor the First of George the First Chapter the Thirteenth.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as His Majesty shall nominate for tbs Purposes in this Act mentioned*

A.D. 18ij* 54 GEO. III. C. 43. 181

/ sectioned, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any fort be fr<*n iu drtabled or disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons, nor Parliament. their Election thereby become void; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

A.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, marked A.

comprising the Lands, &c. at or near Hilsea,

ALL that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Lands, Sc. be* Measure Twelve Acres Two Roods and Twenty five Perches or

thereabouts, belonging to Richard Pittis, situate, lying and being in c artl*r the Parish of Wymering in the County of Southampton, on the North Side of the Lake or Channel, belonging to His Majesty,

running from Portsmouth Harbour to Langston Harbour, and on the West Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Portsmouth to Loodon; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Measure Fourteen Acres and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Richard Pittis, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel or Land hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by other Land of the said Richard Pittis, on the South partly by the before mentioned Lake or Channel, and partly by Land belonging to His Majesty, on the East by a Strip of Waite Land, belonging to Thomas Thilllethwayte Esquire, as Lord of the Thomas Manor of Wallesworth, adjoining the said Turnpike Road, and ou Thirtieth way 1* the West partly by other Land of the said Richard Pittis, and partly by the said Harbour of 'Portsmouth; and also all that the said Strip of Waste Land, containing by Statute Measure One Rood and Twenty Perches, and also the Messuage erected thereon, with its Appurtenances, belonging to the said Thomas Thilllethwayte, and Andrew now in the Occupation of Arthur Mills, near the South End of Lradegrtn. which said Strip of Land, the Weighing Engine of the Turnpike now Hands, bounded on the North by other Part of the said Waste Laad, and a Cottage Handing thereon, in the Occupation of Thomas Holland, on the South by Land belonging to His Majesty, on the East by the said Turnpike Road, and on the West by the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also aH that Messuage or Tenement, with the Outhouses, Garden, Piece or ftrcei of Land, and other Appurtenances, containing by Statute Measure One Rood and Thirty two Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Andrew Lindegren Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Charles Browning, situate, lying and being in the said PfcrHh of Wymering, on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, together with the small Piece of Waste Land, containing One Rood and Fourteen Perches or thereabouts, on the East Side thereof, ftrt whereof forms the Way to Land of William Padwick, herein after described, and bounded on the North by a Road leading from the find Turnpike Road to certain Salterns, belonging to James Stead, herein after described, on the South by Land belonging to Wtlliani Garrett Esquire, next herein after described, on the East by the said Turnpike Road, and on the West partly by the East End of the Road leading to the said Salterns, and partly by Land belonging to the said "William Padwick; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, with the Outhouses thereunto belonging, now used as

N 3 a PubUa

i8a

William

Garrett.

W ilium Pudwick.

James Stead.

William

Padwick.

WHUam Friend.

C. 43. 54n GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

a Public Hoiffe, called The Horse and Jockey; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pallure Land adjoining thereto, belonging to the said William Garrett, situate and being on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Wymering, containing together by -Statute Measure One Acre Three Roods and Twenty three Perches, be the same more or less, and bounded on the North by the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Premises, lastly hereinbefore described, on the South by Land belonging to His Majesty, on the East by Land belonging to the said William Padwick, and on the Well by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable 3 Land belonging to the said William Padwick, containing by Statute Measure Nine Acres One Rood and Four Perches or thereabouts, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the Road leading to the said Salterns belonging to the said James Stead, on the South by Land belonging to His said Majesty, on the West partly by the Land and Premises lastly hereinbefore described, and partly by the said small Piece of Waste Land, 2 containing One Rood and Fourteen Perches, and on the East partly.by other Land of the said William Padwick, and partly by the said Salterns and Pond of the said James Stead 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre and Thirty five Perches or thereabouts, Part of a Meadow belonging to the said William Padwick, situate and being in the said Parish of Wymering, being of a triangular Form, and bounded on the North by other Part of the said Meadow, from which the same is intended to be parted off and divided, on the South and East by Land belonging to the said James Stead, and on the West by the Road leading to the said Salterns of the said James Stead; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, partly Arable, and partly used as a Saltern, together with the Boiling House or Tenements thereon erected, containing together by Statute Measure Ten Acres Two Roods and Three Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said James Stead, and now in his Occupation, situate, wing and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded as follows; that is to say, on the North by Land of the said William Padwick, on the South by other Land of the said William Padwick, next herein after described, on the East by Land belonging to William Friend, and on the West by the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Measure Ten Acres Two Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Padwick, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the said Salterns lastly hereinbefore describe d, on the South by the said Lake or Channel belonging to His Majesty, on the East partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by other Part of the said Salterns lastly hereinbefore described, and on the West partly by Land belonging to His said Majesty, and partly by the said Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said William Padwick, containing Nine Acres One Rood and Four Perches hereinbefore described; and also all those'Two Fields or Closes of Pasture or Marsh Laud, together with the Tenements, Cottages, Outhouses or Stables erected thereon, containing together by Statute Measure Fifteen Acres One Rood and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Friend, situate and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the

North

i83

\ A.D. 18 j 3. 54 GEO. III. C. 43.

1 North partly by other Land of the said William Padwick, and partly by a Road leading into the said Two Fields or Closes of Land, on the South by the said Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the East by Lands of the said Thomas ThifUethwayte called Nore Marsh, and on the Well partly by the said Salterns hereinbefore described, and partly by the said Lake or Channel of His Majesty; and also all those Four Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure Twenty nine Acres Two Roods and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, being Part of the said Marsh, called Norc Marsh, belonging to the said Thomas Thiillethwayte, situate, lying and Thomat being in the Parish of Wymering aforesaid, and abutted and bounded Thiillethwayte. on the North by other Part of the said Marsh, on the South by the said Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the Eall by Land of James Knight, and on the Well partly by Land of the said William Friend, and partly by the said Lake or Channel; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Seventeen Acres Three Roods and Light Perches or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of certain Marsh or Pallure Land belonging to the said James Knight, situate and being in the said Parish of jaTOe Knight. Wymering, and abutted and bounded on the North by other Lands of the said James Knight, on the South by the said Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the Eall partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by other Lands of the said James Knight* and on the Well partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by one of the said Four Pieces or Parcels of Land lallly hereinbefore described; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure Two Acres ^Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said James Knight, adjoining the North Part of the Piece or Parcel of Land lallly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North, Eall and South by other Land of the Laid James Knight, and on the Well by Nore Marsh aforesaid; and also all those Four several Pieces or Parcels of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Measure Fifty four Acres Three Roods and Two Perches or thereabouts, late belonging to Sir John Carter Knight, deceased, but now to Dame Carter and sir John Carter. Arthnr Atherley Esquire, his Devisees in Trull, situate, lying and being at or near Hilsea, in the said Parish of Wymering, on the South Side of Poll Bridge, and on the Well Side of the London ^unmike Road, and bounded on the North by Land belonging to His laid Majesty, on the South by Land belonging to John Burrell, on the Eall partly by other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust, partly by Land of William Goldfinch, partly by Land of John Hellyer Esquire, and partly by Land of Ann Burrell Widow, and on the Well by the Harbour of Portsmouth; and also all those s Eleven several Closes or Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure Sixty seven Acres and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being on the South Side of the Pieces or Parcels of Land Lilly hereinbefore described, and adjoining each other, situate, lying fLod being in the said Parish of Wymering, and in the Parish of Portsea, in the said County of Southampton, bounded on the North partly by the said Pieces or Parcels of Land lallly hereinbefore described, and partly by Land of the said Ann Burrell Widow, on the South, partly by Land of the College of Westminster, ^jid partly

N4 by

Richard Antram

and Joseph Crafler.

Sir John Carter.

Sir Roger Curtis, Bart.

Ann Burrell.

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

by Two Meadows of John Morey on the East, partly by Three Meadows or Pieces of Pasture Land now or late belonging to Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, to the Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter, and to Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, partly by other Land of the said John Burrell, partly by Land of Thomas Hopkins, partly by other Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell, and partly by Land of John Morey, and on the West by the said Harbour of Portsmouth; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre One Rood and Nineteen Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being near the said Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by the said Land of Thomas Hopkins, on the South by the said Land of the said Ann Hopkins, on the East partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell, and partly by Land of John Hubbard, and on the West by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being near the Lands lastly hereinbefore described, and also the Cottage erected at the East End thereof, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by the said Land of the said Thomas Hopkins, on the East partly by the said last mentioned Land, and partly by the said Turnpike Road to London, and on the West by Land of the said John Burrell, Part of the Lands hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land containing by Statute Measure One Acre Two Roods and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, now or late belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, situate and being on the North Side of and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty two PercheB or thereabouts, now or late belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter, deceased, situate, lying and being on the North Side of, and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Three Roods and Six Perches or thereabouts, now or late belonging to Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, situate, lying and being on the North Side of and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described, which said Three last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Pasture Land are bounded on the North by Land belonging to the said Ann Burrell, on the South and West by Land of the said John Burrell, and on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable I.and containing by Statute Measure Four Acres One Rood and Eleven Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land containing by Statute Measure Three Acres Two Roods and One Perch or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Portsea, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel 16 of

A.D. 18 i 3* 54 GEO. III. C. 43. 185

of Land lastly hereinbefore described at the East End thereof, and bounded on the North partly by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore described, and partly by Land of John Hubbard, James Soaper and George Dawson, on the latter of which (lands a Public House called The King's Head, on the South partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore described, and partly by the said Land of the said John Morey, on the Eall by the said Turnpike [ Road, and on the West partly by the last mentioned Land of the said John Morey, and partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore described 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Two Roods and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being near the fud Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described, and abutted and bounded on the North by the said Land of the said Thomas Hopkins, on the South by the said Land of the said John Hubbard, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of the said John Burrell, hereinbefore described; and also all that Farm House, with the Stables, Cart Houses, Bams, Granary and other Outhouses, Farm Yard, Garden and Orchard thereunto belonging; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land thereunto adjoining, containing together by Statute Measure Ten Acres and Thirty three Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate and being on the West Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Devifecs in Trull of the said Sir John Carter, on the South by Land now or late of the said Sir Roger Curtis, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of the said Devisees in Trust hereinbefore described 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land lately Arable, containing by Statute Measure Four Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Morey, now j0i, n Morey, used and occupied as Garden Ground, situate and being in the said Parish of Portsea, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore described, on the South partly by Land of the said John Burrell, adjoining a Public House there, called.

The Green Post, and partly by a Meadow of the said John Morey, on the East partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore described, and partly by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the Well partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell also*hereinbefore described, and partly by other Land of the said John Burrell also hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Richard Richard Ar.tram Antram and Joseph Crafler, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the Land next herein after described, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore described, and on the East and West by Land of the said John Burrell also hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land used as a Road from the Turnpike Road aforesaid to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that newly erected Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Yard and Garden thereunto belonging, now used as a

public

186

George Da w ion.

James Soaper.

John Hubbard.

Thoma*

Hopkins.

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Public House, called The King's Head belonging to George Daw-fun; and also all that old Cottage adjoining the same, with the Appurtenances, also belonging to George Dawson, situate and being in the Parish of Wymcring aforesaid, adjoining the said London Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading to the said Piece or Parcel of Arable Land belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and by the Stables and Land of the said John Hubbard, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of James Soaper; and also all that Cottage and Land of the said Jamea Soaper, situate and being at the Back of the said Premises lastly hereinbefore described, bounded on the North by the said Road leading into the said Piece or Parcel of Arable Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and the Premises of the said John Hubbard, on the South and West by the said Land of the said Ann Burrell, and on the East by the Land and Premises lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Stables, Outhouses, Yard, Garden and Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre and Thirty fix' Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Hubbard, in the Occupation of Mackenzie Esquire, Barrack Mailer

at Hilfea Barracks, situate and being in the Parish of Wymering aforesaid, bounded on the North by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the South by the said Road leading into the Piece of Arable Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph, Crafler, on the East by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore described; and also all those Four Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, with the Carpenter's Shop, Saw House, Yards and Appurtenances belonging to Thomas Hopkins, now or late pi the Occupation of James Carter and Edward Catchlove 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure Three Roods and Seven Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Thoma* Hopkins, situate and being on the West Side or Back of the said first mentioned Messuage and Premises, in the said Parish of Wymer-ing, bounded on the North by other Land and a Cottage of the said John Burrell, on the South by Land b^lpnging partly to the said Ann Burrell, partly to the feia John Burrell, and partly to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said John Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Two Me linages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Barns, Stables and C^ft Houses Handing on the East Epd thereof, containing together by Statute Measure Three Acres Qnc Rpod and Thirty nine Perches or thereabouts 5 and also all that other, Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Cottages and Cart Houses Handing on or near the East End thereof, containing together by Statute Measure Three Acrqs and Two Roods or thereabouts; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Stable and other Appurtenances now used as a Public House, called The Coach and Horses 5 jEnd also all that Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining the same, now pfed as a Garden thereto, which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages pr Tenements, Cottages, Buildings and Premises

*87

A.D. 1i3* 54 GEO. III. C. 43

lastly hereinbefore described, belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, are situate in the Parish Sir John Cuter, of Wymering aforesaid, and are bounded on the North partly by a Road leading from the Turnpike Road aforesaid into other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust, and partly by Land of John Deliver Esquire, herein after described, on the South by Land of the said

Ann Burrell, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West partly by Land of the said John Hellycr, and partly by Land of the said Ann Burrell; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres and Thirty three Perches or thereabouts belonging to the said Deviftes in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, situate in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road aforesaid, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by Land of the said John Hellycr next herein after described; and on the West by the said Road leading to the said other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Three Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts; and also the Cottage and its Appurtenances, erected and (landing on or near the Eail End thereof, belonging to the said John Hellyer, situate, John Hellyer. lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road to the Lands of the Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the South, Eail and West by the Lands of the said Devisees in Trust lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Seven Acres and Thirty four Perches or thereabouts, with the newly erected Cottage at the East End thereof, belonging to William Goldfinch WiHIam Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, UoldHuck and bounded on the North by the Land belonging to the Devisees m Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, next herein after described, on the South by the said Road leading to other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust, on the East by a small Piece of certain Waste Lands called Hilfea Green, lately allotted under an Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, to William Pad-wick the Younger, and sold by him to the said William Goldfinch, and on the West by other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust; and also the said last mentioned small Piece of Waste Land, lying between the said Land of the said William Goldfinch, lastly hereinbefore described, and the Turnpike Road aforesaid, containing by Statute Measure Thirty eight Perches or thereabout*, on Part of which the Public Pound lately stood; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Eight Acres and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, lately Part of the said Waste Lands of the Parish of Wymering, called Hilfea Green^ allotted under the said A cl of Parliament to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, situate Sir John Carter, and being on the West Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bound- d on the North partly by Land of His Majesty, and partly by Land of Thomas Thistlethway te Esquire, next herein after described, allotted to him as Lord of the Manor of Walk (worth, on the South by the said Land of the said William Goldfinch, and the said small Piece of Waste JUafid lastly hereinbefore described,

on

C. 43- 54* GECXIII. A.D. 181J.

on the East partly by the said Land of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, and partly by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased; and also all that the said Piece or Parcel t h m J-and belonging to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, containing

' e 7 # by Statute Measure One Acre One Rood and Ten Perches, be the same more or less, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel of Land, lastly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by Land of His Majesty, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the South and West by the said Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres Three Roods and Two Perches belonging to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, being other Part of the said Waste Land called Hilfea Green, allotted to nim as Lord of the said Manor of Wallesworth, situate on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by Land of His Majesty, on the South and East by Lands of the said John Hellyer, next herein after described, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land containing by Statute Measure Seven Acres and Twenty four Perches, or thereabouts; and also all those Two other Pieces or Parcels of Land, one containing by Statute Measure One Acre and Twenty seven Perches or thereabouts, situate on the West Part of the said Piece of Arable Land, being Part of the said Waste Lands called Hilfea Green, and the other on the East Part of the said Piece of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres Three Roods or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Waste Lands called The Great Common, which said Three John Hellyer. last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land belong to the said John Hellyer, and bounded on the North partly by the Land lastly hereinbefore described, and partly by Land of His Majesty, on the South by Land of the said William Pad wick the Younger, on the East by other Land of His said Majesty, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, or Farm House, Barns, Stable, Yard, Garden, Orchard and other Appur-William tenances thereunto, belonging to the said William Padwick the

Fad wick. Younger, situate and being in the said Parish of Wymering, containing together by Statute Measure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty fix Perches, be the same more or less, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South partly by other Land of the said Devisees in Trust, and partly by other Land of the said William Padwick the Younger next herein after described, on the East by the last mentioned Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, and on the West by other Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, late Part of Hilfea Green; and also all that Piece or Pared of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Nineteen Acres Two Roods and Thirty eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Padwick the Younger, situate, lying and being in tl^said Parish of Wymering, being Part of a Field called Ham Field, and bounded on the North by the said Land of the said John Hellyer herein after described, on the South by a Road leading from Hufea Green, on the East by other Lands of the said William Padwick the Younger herein after described, and on the West partly by other Lauda of the said William Eadwick the Younger, being

Part

Thomas

54 GEO. m,

A.D. 1813.

C. 43.

Fart of the Waste Lands called Hilfea Green, and partly by Lands of the said Devifeea in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, partly by an Orchard of the said William Pad wick the Younger, and partly by Lands of Charles Walker and of the said Ann Burrell; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called North Field; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land at the East End thereof, containing together by Statute Mea-fnre Twenty nine Acres Three Roods and Thirty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Pad wick the Younger, situate in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North partly by Ham Field and partly by other Land allotted to the said William Pad wick the Younger, being other Part of the said Wafts Lands called The Great Common, on the East by Land of the said Devifeea in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and 00 the West partly by Ham Field aforesaid and partly by a small Parcel of Waste Land next herein after described, lying between Ham Field and North Field; and also all that the said last mentioned small Piece or Parcel of Waste Land; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre Two Roods and One Perch or thereabouts, other Part of the said Waste Land called Hilfea Green, allotted to the said William Pad-wick the Younger under the said Act of Parliament, and bounded on the North by Land of the said John Hellyer hereinbefore described, on the South by Land of the Lid Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the East by Part of Ham Field, and od the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Two Roods and Twenty five Perches, or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Waste Land of the said Parish of Wymer-ing called Hilfea Green, so allotted to the said William Paawick the Younger, and bounded on the North by the Land of the said Devisees m Trust of Sir John Carter deceased, lastly hereinbefore described, on the South by a Road laid out by the Commissioners of Inclosure under and by virtue of the said Act, on the East partly by the said Farm House and other Lands of the said William Pad wick the Younger hereinbefore described, partly by Lands of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Charles Walker and of the hid Ann Burrell, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road 5 and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure Twenty seven Acres and Fourteen Perches or thereabouts, being other Part of the Waste Lands of the said Parish of Wymenng, called The Great Common, so allotted to the Caud William Padwick the Younger as aforesaid, and bounded on the North partly by Land allotted to the said John Hellyer, and partly by Land of His Majesty, on the South by North Field hereinbefore described, on the East by other Part of the said Great Common allotted to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the West by Ham Field; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafu^ Three Roods and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, other Part of the Waste Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the said William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North by* other Part of the Lid Common allotted to the said John Burrell, on the East by other Part of the said Common allotted to the said

Ana

189

i$>o C. 43. GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Ann Burrell Widow, and on the West; by other Bart of the said Common allotted to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased 5 and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure. Seventeen Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches or thereabouts, other Part of the said Waste Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the said William Pad wick the Younger, and bounded on the North and West by other Parts of the said Common allotted to Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by Lands of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the East by Langston Harbour, all which said Lands of the said William Pad wick the Younger are let on Lease to the said William Hopkins for a Term of which about Sixteen Years aTe now unexpired 5 and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Cottage, and Bam, with their Appurtenances, and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land on Part of which the same (land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres and Thirty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of Sir John Carttr. the Sir John Carter deceased, situate and being in the said

Parish of Wymering: and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Three Acres Two Roods and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Devisees in Trust adjoining on the North Part of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, and bounded together on the North and East by Ham Field, on the South partly by the same Field and partly by the Barns and Farm Yard of the said William Padwickthe Younger, in the Occupation of William Hopkins, and bn the West by other Land, Part of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said Devisees in Trust under the said Act; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Roods or thereabouts, belonging to the said Devisees in Trust, situate and being on the South Part of the said Bam and Farm Yard of the said William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North East and West by the said Barn and Farm Yard and Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, and on the South by Tenements and Land of Charles Walker; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Devisees in Trust, situate and being opposite the East Side of Hilfea Barracks in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by a Messuage and Land of the said William Hopkins, on the South by a Messuage and Land late of Thomas Sandon, but now of John Green, on the East by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, Part of Inn Field, and on the West by the Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Lana, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, in a Field called Inn Field, and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land adjoining the East Side of the said last mentioned Land, containing together by Statute Measure Twenty Acres Two Roods and Thirty Perches Or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or ^Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Four Acres Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, being the remaining Part of an Inclosure now interfered by a Road laid out under and by virtue of the said Act of Parliament for dividing and allotting the Common Fields and Waste Lands of the Pa-rifties of Wymering and Widley, and Part of a Field called Carfton

12 Field,

4* Geo. hi.

C. 43.

191

Field, all which Three several Iail mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land belong to the said Detifees in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and are bounded on the North by another Road laid out tmder and by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, on the South partly by a Field called Seedlip, belonging to the said Richard Aetram and Joseph Crafler, and partly by other Land of the said Devisees in Trull herein after described, Part of the Walle allotted to them under the said Act, on the East partly by a Field called Carfton Field, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, and partly by a Piece of Land herein after described, belonging to the Vicar of Wy-mering, and on the Well by the said Field called Inn Field; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Devisees in Trull, situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by other Lands of the said Devisees in Trust, Part of the said Walle Land called The Great Common, allotted to them the said Devisees under the said Act, on the South by the said Road laid out by the said CommissionerB under the said Act, running from Hilfea Green Eall-vrard, on the Eall by Land of the said John Burrell, and on the West by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres One Rood and One Perch or thereabouts, Part of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said Devisees iu Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and bounded on the North and South by other Parts of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said William Padwick the Younger, on the East by other Lands of the said Devisees hereinbefore described, and on the West by the said London Turnpike Road; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Twelve Acres Three Roods and Thirty Perches or thereabouts. Part of the said Waste Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the said Devisees in Trust, and bounded on the North by Land of HU said Majesty, on the South by other Land of the said Devisees in Trust hereinbefore described, on the East partly by other Part of the said Waste Land allotted to the said John Burrell, and partly hv the Arable Land of the said Wiliam Padwick the Younger, and on the Well by other Land of the said William Padwick the Younger; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres Three Roods and Si* Perches or thereabouts, Part of the Walle Land of the Parish of Wymering, allotted to the said Devisees in Trust, and bounded on the North by the Arable Lands of the said Devisees in Trust in Inn Field and Carfton Field hereinbefore described, on the South by Lands of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and of the said Ann Burrell Widow, on the East by Lands of the said Ann Burrell, and running to a Point on the West Part thereof; and also all those Two Messuages, Tenements or Cottages, and Gardens, with their Appurtenances, belonging to Charles Walker and Charles Walker. 'Charles Walker the Younger, situate, lying and being in the Parish of Wymering aforesaid, bounded on the North by Land of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by Six Tenements or Cottages, and Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by Ham Field aforesaid, and on the Well by the said R&d leading to the said Cottages on Hilfea Green j and also all

those

I92

Aim Burrell

John Bun ell

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

those the said Six Messuages, Tenements or Cottages and Gardena belonging to the said Ann Burrell, bounded on the North by the said Cottages and Gardens of the said Charles Walker and Charles Walker the Younger, on the South and Eall by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger* and on the West by the said Road leading to the said Cottages on Hilfea Green; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Thirty four Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, Part of the said Field called Garfton Field, belonging to the said Ann Burrell Widow, and bounded on the North partly by the said Road running from Kdfea Green to the Eastward, and partly by Land of the Right He lOurable Richard Viscount Powerfcourt and the Vicar of Wymering, on the South by certain Walle Lands* allotted partly to the said Ann Burrell, partly to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and partly by Land of Sherborne and John Henry Stewart, Esquires, called New Mead, on the East by another Road set out under the said Inclosure Act, between Garfton Field and Land of the said Devisees in Trust* called East Field, and on the West partly by Land of the said Lord Powerfcourt, partly by Land of the said Devisees in Trust, and partly by other Lands allotted to them the said Devisees in Trust, and to the said Ann Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land* containing by Statute Measure Twenty four Acres One Rood and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, Part of the said Waste Lands of the Parish of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted to the said Ann Burrell under the said Act of Parliament, and bounded on the North partly by Lands of His Majesty and partly by the Harbour of Lang ft on, on the South partly by the said Road leading from Hilfea Common to the Eastward, partly by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the East partly by Langston Harbour, and partly by the said Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and on the West by other Part of the said Waste Land called The Great Common, allotted to the said John Burrell and William Padwick the Younger herein after described; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre One Rood and Thirty one Perches or thereabouts, also Part of the Waste Land of the said Parish of Wymering, allotted under the said Act of Parliament to the said Ann Burrell, and bounded on the North by other Part of the said Waste Land allotted to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by the said Land of the said Sherborne and

John Henry Stewart, called New Mead, on the East by Garftou Field aforesaid, and on the West by other Part of the said Waste Land, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by" Statute Measure Five Acres One Rood and Twenty Perches or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Waste Lands of the Parish of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted under the said Act of Parliament to the said John Burrell, and being interfefted by the fmull Piece of Land hereinbefore described, containing Three Roods and Thirty fix Perches, allotted to the said William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North by Land of His Majesty, on the South by the said Road leading from Hilfea Common to the Eastward, on the East by the said Land allotted to the said Ann

Burrell,

l93

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 43.

BunrA, and on the West by Land allotted to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Roods and Nineteen Perches, or thereabouts, belonging to the Vicar of Wymering, bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hilfea Green to the Eastward, on the South by Land be- ymenDJ* longing to the said Ann Burrell, called Garfton Field, hereinbefore described, on the West by Land belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased also hereinbefore described, and on the East by the Piece of Land next herein after described; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure One Rood and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Powers-court, and joining the East Side of the said last mentioned Land, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hilfea Green to the Eastward, and on the South and East by Garfton Field aforesaid, and on the West by the Piece of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Farm House,

Barns, Stables, Cart Houses and other Out Houses, Farm Yard,

Garden, Orchard, Rick Yard and other Appurtenances, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, in the Occupa- Richard Antrim tion of John Green, situate and being in the said Parish of Wymer- Joseph ing, and containing in Statute Measure Two Roods and Nine ^rafler*

Perches, be the same more or less, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hilfea Green to the Eastward, on the Socth partly by a Messuage and Land of the said William Hopkins, and partly by other Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, called Inn Field, next herein after described, on the East by the said Field called Inn Field, on the West partly by a small triangular Piece of Waste Land, on Part of which is a Pond, and partly by the Public Road lying between the said Farm Yard and Premises and Hilfea Green; and also the said triangular small Piece of Waste Land, containing Thirty one Roods by Statute Measure, be the same more or less; and also ail that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land called Inn Field, containing by Statute Measure Twenty two Acres and Twenty three Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, adjoining the said Farm, Rick Yards and Garden lastly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hdfea Green to the Eastward, on the South partly by Lands of Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, called Bittlesome, and partly by other Lands, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, called Seedlip, 011 the East by Land of the said Devisees in'

Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the West by the said Rick Yard and other Premises of the said Richard Antram and Jof-ph Crafler, and by Land and Gardens belonging to the said William Hopkins, Richard Pittis, and the Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and John Green 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Twenty five Acres Three Rood| and Thirty two Perches or thereabouts, Part of a Field called Seedlip, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler in the said Parish of Wymer-iag, bounded on the North partly by Inn Field aforesaid, and partly an'^'^tr*ni by Land of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter trailer.

54 Geo. III. O deceased,

194

William

Hopkins.

Richaxd Pittis.

C. 43. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

deceased, and of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by other Part of the said Field called Seedlip Field, on the East by other Waste Laud allotted to them the said Richard Antram and Joseph Craller, and on the West by Land of Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, called Bittlefome Field, herein after described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Acre Three Roods and Thirty eight Perches, Part of Hilfea Green aforesaid, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Craller under the said Act of Parliament, bounded on the North, East and West by Roads leading to Hilfea Green, and on the South by Lands of His Majesty adjoining Hilfea Barracks; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Six Acres Three Roods and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, Part of the Waste of the said Parish of Wymering allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, together with the Ponds or Watering Places on or near the same, adjoining the said Field called Seedlip, and lying between the same and the Waste Lands allotted to the said Devisees in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and the said Ann Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Twenty one Acres One Rood and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts. Part of the Waste in the said Parish of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler under the said Act of Parliament, bounded on the North and West by Land of the said Ann Burrell (other Part of the said Common hereinbefore described), on the South partly by the said Road^rom Hilfea Green running Eastward hereinbefore described, and partly by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, also Part of the said Common, and on the East partly by the Harbour of Lang-fton and partly by the said Land of the said William Padwick the Younger 5 and also all those Two Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Out Houses and Garden belonging to the said William Hopkins, situate and being in the said Parish of Wymering, and bounded on the North by Land and Premises belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler hereinbefore described, on the East by Inn Field aforesaid, on the South by a Messuage and Garden of the said Richard Pittis, and on the West by the Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and also all those Three other Messuages or Cottages, and Garden, belonging to the said William Hopkins, situate and being on the South Side of the said Messuage and Garden of the said Richard Pittis, and between the same and a small Piece of Land of the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased; and also all that other Messuage, Barn, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to the said William Hopkins; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said William Hopkins adjoining the South Side of the said Premises lastly hereinbefore described, containing by Statute Measure Eight Acres Two Roods, and Twenty nine Perches, be the same more or less, and bounded on the North and East partly by a Cottage and Garden late of the said wThomas Sandon, but now of John Green, and partly by Inn Field aforesaid, on the South by Land of the said Sir Roger Curtis, and on the West by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and also all that the said Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, and Garden, belonging to the said Richard Pittis, bounded on the North

and

*95

ji.d. id 13.

54 ceo. ni.

c. 43.

zrd South by the said Messuages and Gardens of the said William Hopkins, on the East by Inn Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said Road last mentioned; and also all those Three Messuages,

Tenements or Cottages, and Gardens, belonging to the said John Green, adjoining the North Side of the Premises lastly hereinbefore Jl, n Green, d'scribed, and bounded on the North by the said small Piece of Land of the said Devi fees in Trail of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by Messuages and Lands of the said William Hopkins, cn the East by Inn Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said last mentioned Public Road; and also all that capital Mansion or Dwelling House, with the Lawn, Avenue, Shrubbery, Stables, Yard,

Garden, Orchard, Pond, Out Houses, Buildings and Farm Yard

thereunto belonging, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres

One Rood and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the

Lid Sir Roger Curtis, situate and being in the Parishes of Wymering Sr Roger

2nd Portsea aforesaid; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land on Curtis.

the North Side of the said Avenue and Shrubbery in the said Parish

of Wymering, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres Two.

Roods and Twenty one Perches, be the same more or less; and also that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land on the South Side of the said Avenue and Shrubbery in the said Parish of Portsea, containing by Statute Measure Ten Acres One Rood and Thirty Perches, be the same more or less; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land on the South Side of the said Mansion in the said Parish of Portsea, adjo: cLig the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Three Roods and Eighteen Perches, be the same more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Paf-tore Land adjoining the Land lastly hereinbefore described, containing by Statute Measure Three Acres Three Roods and Twenty four Prrcbes, be the same more or less; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land adjoining the South Side of the above mentioned Lands, containing by Statute Measure Eleven Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches, be the same more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land on the East Side thereof, containing by Statute Measure Six Acres Three Roods and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, be the same more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, situate on the East Side of the Land lastly hereinbefore described, and containing by Statute Measure Seven Acres and Six Perches, be the same more or less, all which said last mentioned Lands also belong to the said Sir Roger Curtis, and lie contiguous to his said capital Mansion or Dwelling House, and are bounded on the North by Land of His Lid Majesty on Part of which Hilfea Barracks (land, on the South partly by Land belonging to the said Right Honourable Richard Viscount Pourerfcourt, partly to the Heirs or Representatives of John R; dge deceased, and partly to the College of Winchester, on the Eik by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green, and on the West by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Mea-kit Nine Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, dL belonging to the said Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, situate and bfirg in the said Parish of W ymering dk the East Side of the said PabUc Road leading to Hilfea Green, being the greater Part of a Field called Bittldome, bounded on the North partly by the Land

O 2 of

John Burrell. Ann Burrell.

Charles Hammond.

James btecil,

See.

Humphrey

Smith.

Lands, &c. helonving to John Brain.

Winch ester College.

John Rulgc.

C. 43* {4 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

of the said William Hopkins* and partly by Inn Field aforesaid, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South Side by the remaining Part of the said Field called Bittle-some Field! on the East by Seedlip Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and alfa all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, belonging to Samuel Spicer, now used as a Public House, called The Battle of Minden, with the Stables, Out Houses, Yards and Gardens thereunto belonging; and also all those Six Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Stables, Yard, Garden and other Appurtenances, belonging to John Burrell the elder, and now occupied by himself, William Jenkins and Thomas Smith, Baker, and others; and also all that Black-smith's Shop and its Appurtenances, belonging to the said Ann Burrell Widow, adjoining the said last mentioned Messuages; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and oth^r Appurtenances, belonging to Charles Hammond; and also all those Two newly creeled Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Yards and Garden, belonging to James Steed and John Rood, oroue of them; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Baker's Shop, Stables, Yard and other Appurtenances; and also a final! Wooden Tenement and Garden, belonging to Humphrey Smith, all which said several last mentioned Messuages or Tenements and Premises are situate and being in the said Parish of Wymering on the West Side of Hilfea Barracks aforesaid, between the same Barracks and the London Turnpike Road aforesaid.

B.

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, marked B. comprizing the Messuages, Lands, See. in Pest House Field, Portsmouth.

ALL those several Pieoes or Parcels of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Sixteen Acres Two Roods and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devisees in Trust of John Brain deceased, lying difperfedffy in a Common Field, called Pest House Field otherwise East Dock Field otherwise Fountain Field, situate in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton; and also all those Nine Messuages or Tenements and a Storehouse, also belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of the said John Brain, with the Yards Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field, Seven whereof are situate on the West Side of a Street called Portland Street, and the other Two with the said Storehouse on the East Side thereof; and also an Ere<flion or Building now (landing on Part of the said Land hereinbefore described, now in Lease to Henry Colville, and used by him as a Timber Yard; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Measure Four Acres Two Roods and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the College of Winchester, and now in Lease to Thomas Thistlethwayte Esquire, lying d.iperfedly in the said Common Field; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing by Statute Measure Four Acres Two Roods and Thirty Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devisees in Trust of John Ridge Esquire deceased, lying dispersedly in the said Common Field; and also all those several

Pieces

*97

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III.

C*43#

Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Measure Five Acres Three Roods and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Lord Power!* Powerfcourt, lying dispersedly in the said Common Field; and also comt. all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Measure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty one Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Sarah Goldsmith, lying Sar?h Goli-dispersedly in the said Common Field; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Measure Three Roods and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Richard Godman Temple Esquire, lying dispersedly R. G. Temple, in the said Common Field; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Two Roods and Eleven Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Trustees of a Society of Society for Persons employed in His Majesty's Dock Yard, established for the buying Bread, Purpose of supplying themselves with Bread and Flour, situate in the &c* said Common Field; and also the Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Wind Mill, Bake House and Store Houses, built and erected on the said last mentioned Piece of Land, or on some Part thereof; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Roods and Twenty eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging to James Gravener, situate, lying and being in James Gravener. the said Common Field; and also the Boat Builder's Shop, and Other Erections or Buildings (landing thereon or on some Part thereof; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure Two Roods and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Joseph Elliot Lath, situate, lying and being in the j..Lath. find Common Field; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Measure One Rood and eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging tc Robert Fricker, situate, lying and being Robert Flicker, in the said Common Field; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, erected by the said Robert Fricker, at or near the South End of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land; and also all those Seven Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to William William Stew-Stewart, with the Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto, art* situate, lying and being in the said Common Field, in a Row of Buildings called Stewart's Row; and also all that Messuage or Public House, called or known by the Name of the Windmill, belonging to William Garrett and George Garrett, situate and W and G. Gar* being on the North West Corner of the said Common Field; and Iett-also all that other Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House also belonging to the said William Garrett and George Garrett, situate on the West Side of the said Public House; and also all those Two other Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, also belonging to the said William Garrett and George Garrett, situate at the Back or South Part of the said Public House, with Yards,

Gardens and Appurtenances to the said Four several Messuages

or Tenements belonging; and also all that Messuage, Tenement

or Dwelling House belonging to Daniel Wheeler, with the Yard, x>anlel Wheeler.

Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the said

Row of Building# called Stewart's Row; and also all that Mcf-

fuage. Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Charles Round- Charles Round-

tfet, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate tree.

0 3

and

C -

ipS

C. 43.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

James Ford.

William Pur-dew.

John Varley.

Joseph Cave.

and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart's Row; and also all those Five Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to James Ford, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart's Row; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to William Purdew, with the Yard and Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart's Row; and also all those Five Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to John Varley, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto; and also a Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said John Varley, one of which said Messuages is situate and being on the West Side of a Street in the said Common Field, called Portland Street, and the other Four Messuages and the said Piece or Parcel of Land are situate on the East Side thereof; and also all those Five Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, belonging to Joseph Cave, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, Three whereof are situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street, and the other Two on the East Side thereof; and also all that Messuage, Tenement William Hewitt. or Dwelling House, belonging to William Hewitt, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Seven Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto belonging, together with the Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining the same, now unbuilt on, belonging to the Devisees Thomas Walker. in Troft of Thomas Walker deceased, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Three Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to John Fry, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto,

situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, belonging to Thomas Ashwood, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Thomas Seal, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Two Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to John Browse, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate, lying and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Two Mef-ThomaaCannon, fuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses belonging to Thomas Cannon, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street 5 and also William Pur- all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Wil-chai'e. liam Purchase, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate

and being on the East Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging Richard Snook, to Richard Snook, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the East Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Nineteen Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, commonly called the Flat Houses, with the Yards, Gardens

and

John Fry.

Thomas Ashwood.

Thomas Seat

John Browse.

*99

A.D. 1813. 54 GEO. III. C. 43.

d Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land on the East Side thereof, belonging to the Devisees in Trust of Sir John Carter Knight, deceased, and to the Devisees or Representatives of Candy, deceased, situate

and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Inclosure or Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Acres Three Roods and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, and the Rope Walk, Rope House, and other Erections thereon, also belonging to the fat'd Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and now in the Occupation of Charles Taber and

Taber, situate, lying and being on the North Side of the said Common Field, and adjoining the High Road leading from the London Turnpike Road to the Town of Port Tea; and also all that large Storehouse also belonging to the said Devisees in Trust of the said Sir John Carter, now also in the Occupation of the said Charles Taber and Taber, situate, lying and being on the

North Side of the said High Road, and between the same and the Harbour of Portsmouth; and also all those Two Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses also belonging to the said Devisees in Trail, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, adjoining the said last mentioned Storehouse, and now also in the Occur pation of the said Charles Taber and Taber; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, also belonging to the said Devisees in Trust, and now used as a Garden, adjoining the said last mentioned Messuages, and now in the Occupation of

5 and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure Three Acres and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, belonging to William Pearce, being Part of and lying at the West End of the Mill Garden, and other Lands also belonging to the said William Pearce, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those Two Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses also belonging to the said William Pearce, situate at the West End of the Mill and Garden aforesaid; and also all those Twelve Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, also belonging to the said William Pearce, with the Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto, being Part of a Row of Houses called Pitt Place, situate on the South Side of the said hereinbefore mentioned Land of the said William Pearce 5 and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Edward Harding, with a Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate also on the South Side of the said Land of the said William Pearce 5 and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to John Cox, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being other Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place 5 and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to James Stenfon with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being other Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Thomas Ironmonger, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place; and alsoI\ that Erection or Building with its Appurtenances, now used as a Carpenter's Shop, belonging to John Sayer, situate, (landing and being at the East End of Pitt Place aforesaid; and also all those Four several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Statute

O 4 Measure

Sir John Carter  Candy.

Sir John Carter.

William Pearce.

Edward Harding.

John Cox.

James Stenfon.

Thomas Ironmonger.

John Sayer.

WilliaraAtSeld.

Dyer Stead.

Thomas HilL

Vicar of Ports-thouih.

Mary Hancock.

John Hellyer.

Moses Greet-ham.

Tnom.is Fita-herbert.

James Solfree.

Richard Smith.

Henry Hafkell.

Thomas Haf-kell.

Anthony

Pringle.

George Buckley. John Miller*

Joseph Jefferies.

William Oliver.

Measure Two Acres and Thirteen Perchep or thereabouts, Part whereof is now used as a Rope Walk, belonging to William Atfield, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field*and also the Storehouse, Pitch-house, Capstan-house, and other Erections, now {landing and being on the said last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land or on some Part thereof, and used in the said Business of Ropemaking; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure One Rood and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Dyer Stead, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Two Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devisees in Trad of Thomas Hill deceased, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure Two Roods and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Vicar of the Parish of Portsmouth, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those Four Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure One Acre One Rood and Ten Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Mary Hancock Widow, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Measure Three Acres Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to John Hellyer Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Twelve Perches and a Half, belonging to Moses Greet ham the Elder, Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, belonging to Thomas Fitzherbert, Esquire

!on Part whereof are erected the several Tenements herein after described), containing together by Statute Measure (exclusive of the Arrears on which the said Tenements and their Appurtenances Hand) Six Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Me flu age, Tenement or Dwelling House, Outhouse, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to James Solfree; and also all that other Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to Richard Smith; and also all those Two other Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to Henry Hafkell; and also all those Two other Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Gardens and Appurtenances belonging to Thomas Hafkell; and also all that other Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to Anthony Pringle; and also all that other Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to George Buckley; and also all that other Messuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to John Miller, all which said last mentioned Nine Messuages or Tenements and Premises are erected on several small Pieces or Parcels of Land lately purchased of or from the said Thomas Fitzherbert, and intermixed with his said Land hereinbefore described; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, belonging to Joseph Jefseries, containing One thousand four hundred and forty Square Feet, or thereabouts; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, belonging to William Oliver, containing Eight hundred and seventy

I Square

201

A.D. 1814. 54 ' GEO. III. C. 43) 44*

Square Feet, of thereabouts; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of JLand, belonging to William King, containing Two thousand William King, ud two hundred Square Feet, or thereabouts, which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore described were purchased of or from the said Thomas Fitzherbert, and are also intermixed with his said Land hereinbefore described, the whole Area of which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, with their Outhouses, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, lying dispersedly in the said Common Field called Pest House Field otherwil'e Eail Dock Field otherwise Fountain Field aforesaid, together with the Roads and Streets thereunto belonging, contains in Statute Measure Sixty five Acres and Nine Perches or thereabouts, and is bounded on the North partly by the Harbour of Portsmouth, partly by Land of the said Charles Taber and TabeT, partly by Land of His Majesty, and partly by Land of the said Devisees in Trull of the said John Brain, forming a Road to certain Tenements called Copenhagen Street, partly by Land and Tenements of Moses Greetham the Elder, and partly by Land now or late of the said Thomas Fitzherbert and John Hellier, on the Eail partly by Land of the College of Winchester, forming the Back Part of the Gardens and Tenements in a Row of Buildings facing the High Road from Portsmouth to London, called Eden Row, partly by the Gardens of other Tenements, also facing the said High Road, called Mile End, and partly by other Land of the said Richard Viscount Powerscourt, the Devisees in Trull of Thomas Hill deceased, Dyer Stead, William Atfield and William Pearce, abutting against the said Highway, and on the West by Lands of His Majesty adjoining the Glacis of the Fortifications erected round the Town of Portsea, for the Protection of His Majesty's Dock Yard there; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Measure Five Acres One Rood or thereabouts, belonging to the Trustees of a certain Charity called Fareham Charity, Fareh.im fkuate, lying and being near Priddy's Hard Fort, in Front of the Charity. Does at Gosport in the said County of Southampton, bounded on one Side, or the Base thereof, by a Road leading to the said Fort, and on the Two other Sides thereof by Land belonging to His Majesty.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One EXP* thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to Jlay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four-teeny Proceedings in Actions under an Act paJJ'ed in the Forty third Year of His present Ala]ejly, to amend the haws relating to Spiritual Persons.

[19th April 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parlia- c. 6. ante.

merit, intituled An Act to Jlay9 until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actons under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majfy, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons: And

Whereas it is expedient that the said Act Should be further continued and that all Proceedings stayed under the Provisions thereof

should

continued*

Act vaiied, &r.

43 G. 3. c.cxxiv. |S.

47 G. 3.Sefl*.a. c. 60.

50 0.3. c..

54 G. 3. c. 49.

Si.

Tim# of purchasing Quays, dec. extended.

C. 44, 45. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

should remain flayed for a further limited Period; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall remain and continue in force until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and that all Proceedings which shall have been or which may hereafter be flayed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, which are continued by this Act, shall be and remain and continue flayed until the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

[Continued till 20th Julyt c. 54. 13. fojl.  The A3 43 G. 3. c 84. explained and amended\ c. 17 5* pnJl*-\

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London.

[19th April 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fundi to he applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, /lldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London: And Whereas another

Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to give further Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London: And Whereat

another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to purchase certain Quays within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London 5 and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpose of erecting a new Cufom House: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers,

Authorities and Provisions in the said Acts contained for purchasing

Legal Quays should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period within which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being are required to purchase the said Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings and other Works, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises situate adjoining thereto, shall be further extended to Three Years from and after the Expiration of the Period to which the same was extended by the said last recited Act.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 4 6.

203

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for altering the Period during which Writs of Assistance shall remain in force.

[19th April 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Four- 13 & 14 Gar. a.

V? teenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, c.n.

intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in $ 5*

His Majesty's Customs; it is, amongst other things, enabled, that it shall be lawful for any proper Person or Persons authorized by

Writ of Assistance, under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to take a Constable, Headborough or other Public Officer inhabiting near unto the Place, and in the Day Time to enter and

go into any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Room, or other Place, and in case of Resistance to break open Doors, Chefls,

Tranks and other Packages, there to seize and from thence to bring any kind of Goods whatsoever prohibited and uncustomed,

and to put and secure the same in His Majesty's Storehouse in the Port next to the Place where such Seizure shall be made; which

1 said Act is, by another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign^& 6 Ann. c. 8* 4 of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for an Union of the Two King- Art. 18.

doms of England and Scotland, extended to Scotland: And Whereas it is expedient that such Writs of Assistance should have Validity and Effect during the whole of the Reign in which they 4 ifToe, not with {landing the Letters Patent for configuring and appointing the Commissioners for managing and causing to be levied 4 2nd cofieded the Customs, Subsidies and other Duties due to His Majesty, may have been revoked, or that any or all of the Persons named in the said Letters Patent may have died or resigned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Writs of Assistance under the Seal of His Duration of Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, Writs of Assist-which on or before the passing of this Act have been issued, or at any aucc*

rime hereafter may be issued, during the Reign of His present Mriedy, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, shall not be held or declared to be vacated or determined by the Death or Resignation of all or any of the Commissioners named therein, or in consequence of the Revocation of the Patent by which the said Commissioners were constituted and appointed; but each and every such Writ shall have fall Force and Operation, and shall be valid and effectual for and during the whole of the Reign of His said Majesty; and every Writ of Assistance which may be issued during any succeeding Reign shall in like manner be determinable only upon the Demise of The Crown; and all and every the Officers and Ministers, Vice Admirals, JuRices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriffs, Constables, Bai-tils. Head boroughs, and all other the Officers, Ministers and Subjects mentioned in any such Writ of Assistance, are hereby required to pay due Obedience thereto accordingly.

204

47> 4&

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

[igth April 1814.]

51 O.3. c. 149. 4

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight with*

out Permit, until the End of Two Years from the puffing of this 4 Ad; which said Act is near expiring: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-cofcttnued. rity of the same. That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to revive and make perpetual certain Acts for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

[19th April 1814.]

50 G. 3. c. 11.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the

[5* 5- c* a0-1 4 West Indies; which was continued by an Act made in the Fifty

3-1*second Year of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day

of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived and

made perpetual Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

revived and liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said made perietuil. shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be revived, and the same it hereby revived and made perpetual.

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

EC. 49, 50.

30$

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclusion of the War with the United States of America, an Act mide in the last Session of Parliament, to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and Newfoundland.

[19th April 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of 53 G. 3. c. 67.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering His Majesty to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six IVeeks after the Commencement of the next Sejfnn of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived and continued; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor: sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the Sixteenth Day of De- revived and cember One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, be revived, and continued, the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclusion of the War with the United States of America.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of His present Majesty* for repealing the several Duties of Customs, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duties payable on Salt exported.

[4th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c. 98.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it is, amongst other things, enacted, that in all cases where by the Schedule annexed

to the said Act marked (A.) the Duties of Customs imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Great Britain, and charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs paid and payable thereon at the time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall amount unto: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, to deduct from the Value of British Salt exported the Amount of the Home Consumption Duty of Excise paid or payable thereon; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in estimating the Value of Britfh Salt ex- How Vjl-je, f ported from Great Britain it shall and may be lawful for the Ex- Salted muted on porter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, also to deduct Exportation, so much Money from the Value of such Salt as shall be equal to the Amount

C. 50  52. 54 GEO. in A.D. 1814.

Amount of the Home Consumption Duty of Excise paid or payable thereon at the time of the Entry of such Salt for the Purpose of being exported; and the Value lo ascertained shall be deemed and taken to be the true and real Value of the Salt at the Port of Exportation.

7 G. 2. c. 18.

revived and

continued.

CAP. LI.

An Act to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

[4th May 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limitedy and also for the free Importation of Indigo; 4 which was to continue in force from the Twenty fourth Day of*June One thousand seven hundred and thirty four for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and which by Several subsequent Acts was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth*Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and it*is expedient that the same should be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the present War.

0.3. C50.

CAP. LII.

An Act to revive and continue, during the Continuance of any Act imposing any Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cash, an Act of the Fifty Second Year of His present Majesty, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[4th May 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until 1 Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament j and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Cur rent Value of such Coin3 for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any fmailer Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for flaying

207 54 GEO. III. C. 52  54.

Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland: And Whereas the said Act was continued by an Act of the last Session of Parliament until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived*and further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and be further continued from thence during the Continuance of any Act impolinjy any Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cash.

[Srr cc. 99. 130.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred anil fourteen.

[4th May 1814.]

44 TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by 44 48 G. 3. c. I.  1. Clauses, &c. in recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to Act. 2. Proviso as to issuing Exchequer Bills on Credit of c. 2. ante, in any other manner than they are authorized by that Act, &c. $ 3. Interest of 3Id. per Cent. 44 per Diem. 4. Exchequer Bills may, at Expiration of Four Mouths after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue. 5. Bank k of England authorized to advance 6, 009, 000l. on Credit of Act, u Dotwithibmding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.  6 6.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to discontinue Proceedings in certain Actions already commenced, and to prevent vexatious Suits against Spiritual Persons, under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty; and further to continue, until the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for (laying 'Proceedings under the said Act.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the W Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons boldleg of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons 4 00 their Benefices in England, have, from the Inadvertence of many 1 Spiritual Persons, given Occasion to many vexatious Prosecutions

And Whereas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to flay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions'under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty,

to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons: And Whereas* another

[53 G. 3. c. 5.]

revived and continued.

43 O.3. c. 84.

c. 6. ante.

c. 44. ante.

Licences granted with Certificate, Rating that Cattles for granting them exiited at any specified antecedent Period, valid, is exempting from Penal'ies from such antecedent Period.

Licences and Certificate n-giitcicd.

43 O. 3.C. 84.

 22.

Notification by N-m Ucfideius, iu. de and rvgiU

P*54* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

another Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intitilled An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to flay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Ad'tons under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty,

to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons: And Whereas

it is expedient that further Provision should be made in relation to Proceedings already commenced, and for the Prevention of other ' vexatious Prosecutions of Spiritual Persons Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Licences for the Non Residence of any Spiritual Persons, which shall have been granted, or which shall be granted on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by any Archbishop or Bishop, under and subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and upon which the Archbishop or Bishop granting the same shall certify, that theyarfe satisfied and verily believe, that the Causes of granting such Licences really and truly have existed for many Periods antecedent to the granting thereof, and specified in such Certificates respectively, and that the Archbishop or Bishop giving such Certificates, would have granted the Licences to which they refer, from the Periods specified in such Certificates, if proper Application had or could have been made to him in due time for the same, and that the Conditions, if any, upon which such Licence would have been granted have been performed and complied with; and also all Certificates given by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Spiritual Persons of their respective Dioceses, which shall certify that the Archbishop or Bishop giving such Certificate would have granted Licences for the Non Residence of such Spiritual Persons for and during the Periods specified in such Certificates, for Causes of a temporary Nature, to be also specified in such Certificates, and which they are satisfied and verily believe did really and truly exist, and which may have ceased, if proper Application had or could have been made to him in due time for the same, and that the Conditions, if any, upon which such Licences would have been granted, have been performed and complied with; shall be deemed and taken to be good and valid as Licences under the said recited Act, for the Purpose of exempting such Persons respectively from any pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures for Non Residence, from and for and during the Periods specified in such Certificates respectively, as fully and effectually as if Licences had been duly granted at and for such Period, and had been duly registered, and all the Provisions of the said first recited Act in relation thereto duly observed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Licence and Certificate shall, within Fourteen Days after the granting thereof, or after the passing of this Act, be registered in like manner as Licences are required to be registered under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons, upon Payment of Two Shillings, and no more.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Notification by any Person who shall have been non resident by reaion of any Exemption,

and

209

zrA where no Licence is required, and which shall specify the Nature tered before

of the Exemption, and the Period for which the Benefit thereof is lft JuIv' deemed

chimed, and which shall hare been made aftd registered, or which0(X'and va, K!

shall be made and registered before the said First Day of July, shall tended. P* "

be deemed a good and valid Notification for the Period specified, for the Purpose of entitling the Person making the same to the Benefit of

any Exemption specified therein to which ne may be entitled, as fully

and effectually as if the same had been made and registered within the

Period required by the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid 5 any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

and every Registrar is hereby required to register such Notification, and such Register of Notification shall be open to Inspection of all

Persons, upon Payment of Two Shillings, and no more. Fee.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, immediately from and after Persons sue<l the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons under recited against whom any Original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or In- maXPVl7 formation, shall have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted, before t

the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thir- judge'if not teen, for any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, or any Forfeiture or fitting] to iuj Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Act, for any Non Refi- Proceedings dence, or Omission to procure a Licence, or register the same, dr upon certain for omitting to notify any Ground of Exemption, and to whom any on ulonfc such Licence and Certificate shall have been granted, or who shall have notified his Exemption before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to apply to the Court in which such Original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been sued oat, commenced or prosecuted, if such Court shall be fitting, or to any Judge of any such Court when not fitting, for an Order, that such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be discontinued, upon Payment of the Costs incurred up to the time of such Application being made 5 all such Costs to be Cods taxed, taxed as between Attorney and Client, according to the Practice of such Court; and every such Court or Judge is hereby authorized, upon such Application, and Proof by Affidavit of the granting and registering of any Licence and Certificate, or of the Notification of any Exemption, and that sufficient Notice thereof, together with Notice, a Copy of the Licence, Certificate or Notification, as the case may be, has been given to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Attorney, and of the Application and the Ground upon which the same is made, to make such Order as aforesaid; and upon the making such Order and Payment of such Costs as aforesaid, such Writ,

Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be forthwith discontinued; and in every case it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, at any time after the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, and fourteen, until such Application shall be made as aforesaid, to proceed therein as if this Act or the said recited Acts of the present Session of Parliament had not been patted, and as if no such Licence and Certificate had been granted, or Notification made; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Fads stated ip Archbishop or Bishop to whom any Application shall be made for Certificates any Inch Certificate as aforesaid, under the Provision of this Act, Jf*?* on 54 GEO. III. P

aio

When Alt ion

(iifcontinued on P.\ tnent of Coha.

Court may duke Order for dil-coniimiine Ac* tions without Payment of CoHs.

In what case* Plaintiff permitted to proceed in Action*.

Archie Costs.

C. 54. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

to require that any Fads or Circumstances which such Archbishop or Bishop may deem necessary to be proved in relation to the Grounds upon which any such Certificate may be applied for, or which any such Archbishop or Bishop may deem necessary to enauire into and ascertain before the granting any such Certificate, shall be proved and verified by Oath or Affidavit made before any Surrogate or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, (which Oath any Surrogate or Rafter Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer).

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information sued out or commenced before the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall have been or shall be renewed or continued before the said Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or upon which any Declaration shall have been filed or delivered, of other Proceeding had after the said Sixth Day of December and before the said Tweidpeth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen^ it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge, upon such Application and Proof as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid, for discontinuing the same, upon Payment of the Costs of all Proceedings had before the said Sixth Day of December to be taxed as aforesaid, and of such Costs, if any, in respect of any Proceedings had after the said Sixth Day of December, as the Court or Judge making such Order shall direct; and upon making such Order and Payment of such Costs, such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be forthwith discontinued.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been sued out or commenced at any time subsequent to the said Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, it shall be competent for such Court or Judge as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid for discontinuing the same, without Payment of any Costs; and upon making such Order, such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be forthwith discontinued.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Application to the Court or Judge to stay the Proceedings under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Attorney, will undertake to admit such Notification of Exemption to have been duly made and given under the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, or under this Act, and dispute only the Title of such Person or Persons to the Exemption claimed, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, to proceed therein as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in case of a Nonsuit, or if upon the Trial of any such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or there shall be a Verdict for the Defendant, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other cases to recover Costs by Law.

t IX) '* IX. Pro*

211

54 GEO. III.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Penalty No Penalties for or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Forty third Year periods antece-aforesaid, which shall hare arisen or been incurred, at or for or d<-nt to 31* daring any Period antecedent to the Thirty first Day of December Jble u/Actfoo One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be recoverable or re- previous to covered in any Action or Suit which has been commenced previous Dec. 6, 1*13.

to the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that no Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, which shall have arisen or been incurrrd at or for or during any Period antecedent to the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

shall be recoverable or be recovered in any Action or Suit which shall hate been or shall be sued out after the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfhat nothing Prov so foe herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any Aettons com-Original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information which shall "ienced b*fort have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted before the First pay -n* x*1 IV of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and whereon

Issue has been joined between the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs and the Person or Persons against whom the said Original Writ, Suit, Action,

Bill, Plaint or Information may have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a certified Certified Copies Cppyof the Register of such Licence and Certificate, and of the ot l.uence*, Date when the same was issued, or of such Notification, with the ludlc, ent Date of Delivery thereof, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ProvWb for herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to affect V*rfi6R&c. any Verdict, Judgment or Execution^ which has been or at any j tima hereafter may be given, awarded, or issued against any Spiritual 4

Person under the Act made and passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Spiritual Per fans holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Per font on their Bene fees in England.

XIII. And Whereas an Act was passed in this present Session c. 44. ants.

of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an At1 puffed ia this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to say, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued, and that all such Proceedings should be flayed for a further limited Period; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament shall remain and continue in force until the Twentieth continued,

Day of JuU; and that all Proceedings which shall have been or

wlucht maT nvteafter be flayed under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, or of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, in- c. 6. tilukd An Act to flay* until the Twentieth Day April Qn^ thou-

/ami

y

212

Proceedings

Hayed.

o. 25. ante. 64.

65.

Allowance of is. 2d. for Non

Commissione<J Officers and Souliers.

Fuuher Allowance of One Halfpenny per Diem.

C. 54, 55. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1&14.

sand tight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings sm Affions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the La*ws relating to Spiritual Persons, which are continued by this Act, or which remain and continue flayed under the Provisions of the last recited Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be and remain and continue flayed until the said Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[&VC. 175. post.']

CAP. LV.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for thebetter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, < that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small*Beer upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates*that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom*Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain*Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer, and it is just ' and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of Fourteen pence per Diem; and that for such Allowance of Fourteen pence the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a

Suarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, ne Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate preformed

1 z

213

A.D. 18m- J4 GEO. III. C. 55, 56.

scribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Con-filtration thereof, One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Com-rnifEoned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is direaed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to Horses quarter-the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the ed at is. id. \*t United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His paid for M a jetty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for ay> c*

Hay and Straw, shall he One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse.

[54. of 53 G. 3. c. 43. is omitted in this Act, - 4. to 8. are the same as 5. to 9. of 53 G.3. r.43.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Con- Continuance of tinuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions Proviso for Pay-thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Pur- ments, 5cc. poses as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[This A3 is in all other respects fmilar to 53 G.3. r. 43.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Cads of Bulls, and other Things therein mentioned; and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of 38 G. 3. c. 71.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Cajls of Bujls,

9 and other Things therein mentioned / the foie Right and Property 1.

1 thereof were vested in the original Proprietors, for a time therein

specified: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Act having been found ineffectual For the Purposes thereby intended, it is expedient

to amend the same, and to make other Provisions and Regulations

for the Encouragement of Artists, and to secure to them the i Profits of and in their Works, and for the Advancement of the

find Arts: f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be wacted; and be it enacted by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty* hr and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of Sole Right and mis Act, every Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be Property of all node any new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Cast "ew and onsma* rfd* Hunan Figure or Human Figures, or of any Butt or Butts, Mo*u, Cop-e Part or Part* of the Human Figure, clothed in Drapery or, nd Casts, wwifo, or of any Anitaat or Animals, or of any Part or Parts of vested in Pro- Vo any rrietorsfor4

5 1 Yearg.

*4

II

Kime and Date affixed.

Works published under A<4, vested in Proprietors for 14 Years.

Putt'np fcrth pirated Copies or pirated Carts, prosecuted.

C*56. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814. 1

any Animal combined with the Human Figure or otherwise, or of " any Subject being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, or of any Alto or Basso-Relievo representing any of the Matters or Things herein-before mentioned, or any Cast. from Nature of the Human Figure, or of any Part or Parts of the Human Figure, or of any Cast from Nature of any Animal, or of any Part or Parts of any Animal, or i

of any such Subject containing or represen ting any of the Matters r

and Things hereinbefore mentioned, whether separate or combined,: shall have the foie Right and Property of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Cast of the Human Figure or Human Figures, and of all and in every such Bust or Busts, and of all and in every such Part or Parts of the Human Figure, clothed in Drapery or otherwise, and of all and in every such new and original; Sculpture, Model, Copy and Cast, representing any Animal or Animals, and of all and in every such Work representing any Part or Parts of any Animal combined with the Human Figure or otherwise, and of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Cast of any Subject, being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, and of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Cast in Alto or BaiTo-Relievo, representing any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, and of every such Cast from Nature, for the Term of Fourteen Years from first putting forth or publishing the same 5 provided, in all and in every case, the Proprietor or Proprietors do cause his, her or their Name or Names, with the Date, to he put on all and every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy or Cast, and on every such Cast from Nature, before the same shall be put forth or published.

II. And be it further enacted, That the foie Right and Property of all Works, which have been put forth or published under the Protection of the said recited Act, shall be extended, continued to and vested in the respective Proprietors thereof, for the Term of Fourteen Years, to commence from the Date when such last mentioned Works respectively were put forth or published.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, within such Term of Fourteen Years, make or import, or cause to be made or imported, or exposed to Sale, or otherwise disposed of, any pirated Copy or pirated Cast of any such new and original Sculpture, or Model or Copy, or Cast of the Human Figure or Human Figures, or of any such Bust or Busts, or of any such Part or Parts of the Human Figure clothed in Drapery or otherwise, or of any such Work of any Animal or Animals, or of any such Part or Parts of any Animal or Animals combined with the Human Figure or otherwise, or of any such Subject being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, or of any such Alto or BaiTo-Relievo representing any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, or of any such Cast from Nature as aforesaid, whether such pirated Copy or pirated Cast be produced by moulding or copying from, or imitating in any way, any of the Matters or Things put forth or published under the Protection of this Act, or of any Works which have been put Forth or published under the Pro te ft ion of the said recited Act, the Right and Property whereof is and are secured, extended and protested by this Act, in any of the cases as aforesaid, to the Detriment, Damage or Loss of the original or respective Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Works so pirated $ then and in all such cases

tbs

2I5

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 56, 57.

the said Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Assignee or Assignees, Hull and may, by and in a Special Action upon the Case to be brought again (I the Person or Persons so offending, receive such Damages as a Jury on a Trial of such Action shall give or affess, together with Double Costs of Suit.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons who shall % or may hereafter purchase the Right or Property of any new and ori^nal Sculpture or Model, or Copy or Call, or of any Call fron^ N tture, or of any of the Matters and Things published under or, protected by virtue of this Act, of the Proprietor or Proprietors, expressed in a Deed in Writing signed by him, her or them respectively, with his, her or their own Hand or Hands, in the Prelence of and atterted by Two or more credible Witnesses, shall be subject to any A&ioo for copying or calling, or vending the same $ any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Actions to be brought as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Discovery of every such Offence, and not afterwards.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Yean, the foie Right of making and disposing of such new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Call of any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, shall return to the^ Person or Persons who originally made or caused to be made the lame, if be or they shall be then living, for the further Term of Fourteen Years, excepting in the case or cases where such Person or Persons shall by Sale or otherwise have diverted himself, herself or themselves, of such Right of making or disposing of any new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Cart of any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, previous to the passing of this Aa.

[Double Costs.]

Damages.

Purchasers of Copy Right so-cured in lame.

Limitation of Adtiout.

Additional Term of 14 Year*, in cafo Maker of original Sculpture, dee. shall be living.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported are to be ascertained, and Substitution another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eujiatia, Saint Martin and under the same Duties and Regulations as similar Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for further continuing, until the c. 4*ta.

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ffteen

certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for Jiefpcnding the Countervailing Duties and

Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imbofed by an Act of the Forty

*th Year of His prtfcpl JMaje^y Shalt he suspended, certain Draw-

I*

21 6

45 0.5. c. 93.

1

Schedule of

45 G. 3. c. 93.

repealed, and inllead thereof Schedule annexed ulecL

Drawback or Bounties ascertained in man ner directed by 3* G. 3. c. 43.4.

C.$7# 54 GEO. in 4.0.1814.

backs and Bounties were allowed on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, in like manner and under and according to the

like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures

iexcept where any Alteration was made by the said Act), as the )rawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before*the passing of the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient that an Alteration should be made with respect to the Periods at which the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar should be taken and published in the London Gazette; and also that the Schedule and Table of Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties annexed to an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third*and Forty fifth Years of His present majesty for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, should be repealed, and that another Schedule and Table should be enabled in lieu thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Schedule annexed to the said lall recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that inilead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and after the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be construed and taken to bp the Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed, except as herein after is provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Drawback or Bounty to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, shall be regulated and ascertained according to such Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, as shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, published on the Saturday, which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in May, the First Wednesday in Augjfi, the First Wed* nesday in November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the said Bounties and Drawbacks shal} be paid or allowed according to the Schedule hereunto annexed (except as herein after is provided), as corresponding to or with the Prices of which such Notice shall have been given in the London Gazette as aforesaid; and which Bounties and Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average Price shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any of such Saturdays before xpejstioned save ami except the Notice hereby required to be given in the London Gazette on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; which last mentioned Notice shall continue in force until the Fifth Day

a17

A.D. 1814.

4 Geo. rn.

C. 57.

of Abril One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and no longer) 5

acd the several Drawbacks and Bounties hereby granted shall be paid Drawbacks and

or allowed in such and the lik, e manner in every ref peel, and fuhjrft Brumi^ -> J*ow

and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, PJ'd and allowed.

Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by the present Act), as any Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar were paid

or allowed before the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty When Bounty by this Act granted on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain on Refined shall not take effect or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar to ta e which shall be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day

of Angufi One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, but that th*

Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; any thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, Not to affect that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrucd to Double Rehne* extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Sugar* Exportation from Great Britain Of Sugar being Double Refined, or to repeal the additional Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar on account of the Temporary or War Duties imposed on Sugar: Provided always, that the lad men- Bounties how booed additional Bounties shall be calculated on the Amount of the calculate*b Bounty to be paid or allowed under the Directions of this present Act, and according to the Schedule hereunto annexed and not otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Ad not to af-

shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduc-^Deduction tion heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on oStnar

Sugar when exported from Great Britain in any other than a British e, port; d in Vet-Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed fels not BritiiK by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 43 G.3. c- Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and 3*

Entities on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof9 until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Sugar, &c. Pro-of this Act, any Sugar, Coffee or other. Articles, being of the duet ion of Mnr-Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or either of the t, nuluec- act- Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante9 Guadeloupe, Saint Eustatia, ]^e Articles Saint Martin and Sabaf imported into Great Britain, shall and may imported from be admitted to Entry on Payment of such and the like Duties of British Planta-Customs and Excise, and no other, as are or may be due and payable tions.

on the like Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations; and all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, shall on Exportation from Great Britain be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations are or may be subject or liable or entitled to, and all such Goods shall in every other respect be IhbVeft and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions B^ftri&jons, to which any such Articles, being of the Growth,

PrO-

lift.

55 G. 3. c. 6*. Proviso,

Continuance of

Aa.

Act altered, &c.

C. 57. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

Production or Manufefture of the British Plantations are or may be subject or liable to; any thing in an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Entry for Home Consumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euflatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar mot of the British Plantations, or any otliei* Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the said I Hands, which have been or may be secured in Warehouses in Great Britain, and on which the Home Consumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivered from any such Warehouse for Home Consumption on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehouse shall be due and payable on the like Description of Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act mall continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and no longer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PRICES of Bom or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on fiutar of the Betta Plaotatlotksln the (ae State hi which it waa Imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being Ground or Powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called BaftarA, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Reined Sugar hi Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined. DUTY to be paid on SUGAR the Produce of the British Plantation*, or of the IHand* of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin* and Saba, upon the Entry thereof from the Warehouse to be Slipped for the Purpost of Exportation.

Exported in a

British Ship. Foreign Ship.

If the Average Price of Brown") or Muscovado Sugar pub- I lished io the London Ga- > xette Hull not exceed 45s. 1 the Cwt. J lot. the Cwt. 5*. the Cwt. 3 6s. t ha Cwt. Brown or Muscovado the Cwt White or Clayed the Cwt. . /. d. 00 6 056 ' 016 00 6

If it shall exceed 45s. and not ? exceed 58s. the Cwt. J aottheCwt lot. the Cwt. 341. the Cwt Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt 006 056 016 066

If it (hill exceed 58s. and not)exceed 6c*. the Cwt. J 18*. the Cwt. 18s. the Cwt. 3 is. the Cwt J Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. iWhite or Clayed the Cwt 0 0 0CA 036 08 6

If it shall exceed 60a. and not ? exceed 61c. the Cwt. J x6a. the Cwt. 16s. the Cwt. ay*. the Cwt J Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. I White or Clayed the Cwt. 0 0 >0*00 056 0 10 6

If it shall exceed 6a*. the Cwt 14s. the Cwt. 14s. the Cwt 04s. the Cwt Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt 066 0 II 60*0 ev tt M 0 0

All the above Prices are to be taken, exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Importation of Sugar.

---

220 c. 58, 59. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue, during the present Hostilities with the United States of America, an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[43 G. 3. C. 57.]

intituled An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be continued during the

present Hostilities with the United States of America; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[continued.]

That all the Provisions of the said Act shall continue in force during the present Hostilities with the United States of America.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used in carrying on the Slave Trade to be registered as British-built Ships.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Ships and Vessels condemned for Breach of any Law now in force relating to the Slave Trade should be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships, in like manner in every respect as Ships and Vessels taken and condemned as Prizes of War; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Ships condemned for Breach of Laws relating to Slave Trade entitled to Privileges of Prize Ships.]

That all Ships or Vessels, whether British or Foreign, which shall at any time after the passing of this Act become forfeited under any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may hereafter be passed for the Prevention, Abolition or Regulation of the Slave Trade, and be adjudged to be forfeited in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or which shall be condemned as forfeited in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for any Offence in relation to the Slave Trade, shall, from and after such Judgment or Condemnation respectively, be entitled to a Certificate of Registry as a British Ship, and thereupon have and enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of British-built Ships and Vessels in like manner with Ships and Vessels taken by His Majesty's Ships of War, and condemned as lawful Prize of War in Courts of Admiralty:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that all such Ships and Vessels shall be subject to the same Duties and Regulations, and shall be registered in the same Manner and Form, and subject to the same Conditions and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be in like manner owned and navigated as Ships and Vessels condemned as lawful Prize are directed and required to be, in order to their obtaining British Registers and enjoying the Privileges of British Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 60, 61. 221

CAP. LX.

An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Cordage.

[27th May 1814.]

---

WHEREAS the Marks ufuaflv put to His Majesty's Cordage if are frequently taken out of the same for the Purpose of concealing His Majesty's Property therein; and it is expedient that other Marks should be used in His Majesty's Cordage for the Purpose of denoting His Majesty's Property therein; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, alt Provisiom of*and every the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, 9 & 10 W.3. Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things, in respect to the making, c. 41. and felling, delivering, receiving, having in roffeflion and concealing any 39*4^ Cor<kge wrought either with a white Thread laid the contrary Way, Cordage or with a Twine laid to the contrary Way, mentioned and contained worked with in an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Worsted King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing Threads, the Embrzz.Ument of His Majestfs Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages; and also in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better preventing the Emherxlanent of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Pidualling Stores; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament: shall extend to the making, felling, delivering, receiving, having in Possession and concealing any Cordage wrought with one or more worsted Threads, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same several Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions. Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted in respect to such last mentioned Cordage: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Proviso., extend or be construed to extend to repeal any of the Statutes now in force, or any of the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, in respect to Cordage Wrought either with a white Thread laid the contrary Way, or with a Twine laid to the contrary Way, but that the same Marks may be continued to be used to denote His Majesty's Property in such Cordage in the same manner as if this Act had not been pasted.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the granting in' future any Patent Office^ to be enercifed in any Colony or Plan* tetion9 now or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof \ or Person appointed thereto, shall fif- charge the Duty thereof in Perf on, and behave well therein.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of G. 3. c.; $.

YV His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the grant-

*ng

*23

C. 61

aiO. J. c. 75 3

Governors of

Colonies to report Leave of Absence granted by them to Secretary of State, for Confirmation.

If not confirmed, Pert'on to return forthwith te Colony.

Governors not reporting.

[Penalty.]

f Sic.

Return annually laid before fioufe of Commons, ef Persons abi'enu

222 c. 61 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

in future any Patent Office, to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation, now or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time at the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein: And Whereas it is expedient to amend and extend the Provisions of the said Act;

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj the Authority of the same.

[No Office in a Colony granted for any longer time than during Residence of Grantee.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no OHice in any Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, shall be granted, either by Patent under the Great Seal, or by Commission under His Majesty's Sign Manual, or by any other Commission, Warrant or Instrument under which Offices in Colonies hate been heretofore or may hereafter be granted, for any longer Term than during such time as the Grantee thereof or the Person appointed thereto, shall re side in the Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession, and execute the Duty of such Office in Person, and behave well therein.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of granting

Leave of Absence heretofore vested in the Governor or Council of Colonies Should be subject to further Restrictions and Limitations Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which the Governor and Council of any Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession, shall hereafter grant Leave of Absence to any Person holding an Office within the same, to which he shall have been appointed subsequent to the passing of this Act, the Governor of the said Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession, or in his Absence the Lieutenant Governor or other Person administeriDg the Government of the same, shall, within One Week after granting the same, report the same to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for Confirmation; and in case the said Leave of Absence shall not be confirmed within One Month from the Date of such Report having been received by the Secretary of State, the Person to whom the said Leave of Absence may have been granted by the Governor and Council as aforesaid, shall forthwith return to the Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession in which his Office is situated; and in Default thereof mall be deemed to have vacated such Office, and his Appointment to such Office shall be considered to all Intents and Purposes void and of none Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That evei*y Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Person administering the Government of any Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Possession viho shall omit or neglect to report in the manner hereinbefore directed, such Leave of Absence as may have been granted by him, shall, for every such 0million or Neglect, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts off WeJlmijffier, within One Year after the Arrival in England of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Person administering the Government.

IV. And be it further enacted, That within Six Weeks after the Opening of every Session of Parliament, there shall be laid upon the Tabic of the House of Commons, a Return of all Persons holding

Office*

223

A.D. 10I4* 54 GEO. III. C. 6r, 62.

Offices in the Crooks who may have been appointed thereto subse-ouent to the passing of this Act, who may not be present in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices: and that such Return dull be made in the Form prescribed in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A con* Act not to Pra* tained shall operate to the Prejudice of any subsisting Grant of any JiJdlce lubGltmi Office or Offices, or shall be construed to affect any Appointment, rtllt, ' or any Leave of Absence, granted previous to the passing of this Act, or any renewed Grant of any Office which may be made in consequence of the Demise of The Crown to any Person now bolding the same; and that no Provision of this Act shall be applicable or applied to any Office granted or to be granted by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, or to any Rules, Regulations or Provisions, made by the said Corn-pan v, with respect to the Appointment or Leave of Absence of any of tkeir Civil or Military Servants.

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

None of the Cotacr. Name of AHlent Officer. Description of his Office. Period for which Leave was granted in the Colony. Cause of Absence. j Dates of Governor's Report to the Secretary of State. When received by the SecretaryofState. Whether dif* allowed or confirmed, and for what Period.

Aatipu John Roche Secre ary 6 Months, to commence from the iff of May 18x3. Sickness ad May 18x3 - iff July 1813 - Confirmed, for 6 Months

TriasUd James Goeer Surveyor is Months, from iff October 1813. Private Affairs iff July 1813 - iff September 1813. - Confirmed, for Months.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend several Acts for erecting or establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hospitals.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for erecting 9 and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland, it is enacted, that the Surgeons to he chosen or appointed for the respective County Infirmaries or Hospitals, should be paid by the Year a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid out

of the Public Money, in manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned: And Whereas the said Sum, from the great Increase in the9Price of the Necessaries of Life, and other circumstances, is ina-

deauate to the fair Remuneration of the Services of such Surgeon and in consequence thereof, it has been found impossible, in fomd*Counties, to procure Perfogs, properly qualified according to Law,

5 G. 3 (I.)c.5.

Gram! Juries may prt tent a Sum, not exceed-itafr iool. in addition.

Certificate of good Conduct of Surgeon, previously laid before Grand Jury; and a Copy of his Letters Testimonial.

36 G. 3* (I.) c. 9.

Condition on which Salary paid.

Subscriber not t* vote till Suh-1'cription paid.

When an additional Infirmary necessary not to

C. 62. $4 GEO. III. A.D. 1814. i

to accept such Situation* Be it therefore enacted by The King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent tif the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may he lawful for the

Grand Jury of the several Counties in the said recited Act mentioned, and of aH other Counties, and Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland, either at the Spring or Sumrtier Assizes

to be holden in and for any such County, County of a City of County of a Town, in Ireland, in each Year, to present any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be raised in the County at large, or in the County of a City, or County of a Town, and to be paid to the Surgeon of the Infirmary or Hospital in such County, County of a City or County of a Town; and which Sum shall be in addition to the Salary which any such Surgeon is entitled to receive under or by virtue of the before recited Act of the Fifth Year of Jiis present Majesty's Reign, or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to such Infirmaries or Hospitals.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Presentment shall be made by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, there shall be laid before such Grand Jury at the Assizes, a Certificate signed by the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital, or by Five of them at the lead, at a Meeting to be holden by them in the Month of January preceding such Assizes, flating that the Surgeon for whom fuen additional Salary is requeued to be presented hath duly and faithfully executed his Duty as Surgeon of such Infirmary or Hospital during the preceding Year: Provided also, that in all cases where any such Surgeon of any Infirmary or Hospital shall have been appointed to be such Surgeon, at any time subsequent to the passing of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled Ari A3 far thefurtbtr Regulation of Public Infirmaries or Hospitals, a true Copy (certified under the Hand of the Treasurer of such Infirmary or Hospital), of the Letters Testimonial from the College of Surgeons in Ireland, required by the said Act to be obtained by every such Surgeon, shall be laid before such Grand Jury previous to the requiring or making of any such Presentment.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Grand Jury to present such additional Salary unless the Surgeon for whom it is presented shall have given his Attendance and Professional Assistance without any other or further Fee or Reward to the Prisoners and others in the Gaol of the County* County of a City or County of a Town, to the Infirmary of vthich he has been appointed Surgeon, if such Gaol is situate within Five Miles of such Infirmary.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Annual Governor or Governors of any such Infirmary or Hospitals shall be permitted to vote at the Election of such Infirmary upon any Vacancy in such Office, unlef6 they shall have respectively paid the Subscription by virtue of which they claim a Right to vote at such Election Two Years at the least before any such Vacancy shall have occurred.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the Governors of any Infirmary or Hospital established within and for

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 62, 63. 225

any County in Ireland shall deem it expedient to establish a Second be w; li1jn Infirmary or Hospital within the same County, it shall and may be law- 1D Miles of the fa! for them so to do, taking Care that such Infirmary shall not be other. Surgeon situate within Ten Miles of the Infirmary first established; and in and Apothecary such case it shall be lawful for such Governors to elect a Surgeon and U> atr

Apothecary for the Purpose of attending such Second or Additional Infirmary or Hospital; and that whenever and so often as Two Infirmaries shall be so established within any County it shall and may be lawful for the Surgeon and Apothecary of each of the said Infirmaries or Hospitals to receive respectively One Half of the Emoluments provided for Surgeons or Apothecaries of Infirmaries or Hospitals by this Act or any other A&3 now in force relating to such Infirmaries or Hospitals: Provided always, that both such Provifa.

Surgeons shall be duly qualified according to Law, and that both of them shall have conformed to all and singular the Enactments and Provisions contained in this Act or in any other Act or Acts now in force relating to such Infirmaries or Hospitals.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Governors of Governors may any Infirmary or Hospital shall deem it most economical, or otherwise S've Salary, to advisable to procure the Medicines for the Use of such Infirmary from ^Jkingup^' of Apothecaries Hall in Dublin, or from any Wholesale Dealer in Me- Medicines found diemes, it shall be lawful for such Governors (out of the Funds pre- by Governor*, fented by the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Infirmary or Hospital shall be situated, for the Support of any such Infirmary or Hospital, by virtue of the Powers vested in them by any Act or Acts in force for that Purpose) to appropriate and pay to any Apothecary who shall have duly served an Apprenticeship to the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, a Sum by the Year not exceeding Thirty Pounds assa Salary for the compounding, making up, preparing and administering Medicines to and for the Use of Patients of such Infirmary or Hospital; provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Governors, that such Apothecary hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office as aforesaid.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to amend several Acts for enabling His Majesty's Post-master General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.

[27th May 1814.]

by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the 48 G. 3. c. 48.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His $ x*

Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to furebafe Premises for the Enhrgewunt of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin 5 and

by another Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* to amend the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year, certain Powers are given for enabling His Majesty's 4 Pofhnafter General to purchase Houses, Buildings or Ground adjoining or contiguous to the General Post Office in Dublin, for the Purpose of making any Addition to the said General Post Office;

and also for purenafing the Ground or Premises whereon the said 49 G. 3. c. 70. 4 Post Office and its Appendances and Appurtenances, and all Build- $ 1.

ings belonging thereto had been eroded and then Hood; and it is 54 Gjdq. 11L Q 4 expedient

Poftm.ifter Ge* neral mav contract with Owner* for Purchase of Premises for building a Post Office.

Post Office may

Ue fold.

In case of Absence of Guardians, fcc.

Court of Chancery may order Conveyanct of Premises.

C. 63. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

expedient that the said Powers should be enlarged in manner herein- a

after mentioned / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the -passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland for the time being, and lie is hereby authorized and empowered to contract with the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground within the City or County of the City of Dublin, and with the Lessee or Lessees t of any such House, Building or Ground, or with any Trustee or Trustees for any such Owner or Proprietor, or Lessee, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, or Assignee or Assignees of any Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunatic or Bankrupt respectively, for the Purchase of any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, and for the respective Interests of all such Persons who shall be entitled thereto, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in order and for the Purpose that a new and more convenient Post Office may be made, erected and built upon the Scite of such House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, and Ground respectively 5 subject nevertheless to and under all and singular the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Restrictions, Limitations and Conditions in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the said Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Restrictions, Limitations and Conditions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are altered by this Act; and that all Sales, Grants and Conveyances by any Person or Persons, or his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustee*, Committee or Committees, or Assignee or Assignees of any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground under this Act, mall have the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as any Sale, Grant or Conveyance made or executed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General of Ireland, for the time being, to fell, difpefe of and convey the present General Post Office, situate at College Green % in the City of Dublin, and all Buildings, Offices and Grounds thereunto belonging; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise or be produced by such Sale, shall be applied in like manner and for such Purposes as the Revenues arising from the Duties on the Postage of Letter* under the Controul and Management of the said Postmaster General of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any time happen that there shall be Two or more Guardians, Trustees, Assignees or Committees for any Owner or Proprietor, or Lessee, or other Person beneficially interested in any House or House9, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots or Parcel or Parcels of Ground, required to be purchased for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, and that any one or more of such Guardians, Trustees, Assignees or Committees shall be absent out of the United Kingdom, in Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 63

227

Postmaster General of Ireland for the time being* o prefer a Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, praying that the Guardian or Guardians, Tmflee or Trustees, Assignee or Assignees, Committee or Committees, who shall be within the United Kingdom, may be di-reded to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances, and to deliver the Possession of any such Premises, or to make and execute any Contract, or to do any other Matter or Thing requisite for the Conveyance of such Premises so required to be purchased for the Purposes of the said recited A &s or this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon the hearing of such Petition, to order and direct any such Conveyance, and to proceed in all respects in any such manner to cause such Postmaster General to be put in Possession of such Premises as the said Court is empowered to do under and by virtue of the said recited A d of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 4g 0.3. in the case of any Person or Persons, or Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, neglecting or refusing to execute any Conveyance under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and to make such other Order in the Premises for the effectuating of such Conveyance, as to the said Court of Chancery shall seem just and reasonable; and all Conveyances of any Premises made and executed under the Order of the said Court of Chancery, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall have the like Force and Efted in Law and Equity as if the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Assignee or Assignees, or Committee or Committees so being absent out of the said United Kingdom had joined in executing such Conveyance, and a3 if such Conveyance had been executed by all and every Persons and Person in whom the Title in or to such Premises was legally veiled; any Deed, Ad, Law, Statute or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons sum-the said Postmaster General, or for the Secretary of the said General monC(i to Poll Office respectively for the time being, and they are hereby re- j^deuce befor# foedively authorized and empowered to summon in Writing such Person or Persons as may be found necessary to give Evidence before any Jury to be impanelled for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, as well on behalf of the said Postmaster General or Secretary of the said General Poll Office, as of any Owner, Proprietor or Lessee of any Premises, or of any Guardian, Trustee, Assignee or Committee of any such Owner, Proprietor or Lessee; and in case such Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Place in such Summons to be specified, within Twenty four Hours if resident in the City of Dublin, and if resident at a Dii-tance from the said City, within a reasonable time after Service there- (

of, or shall refuse to give Evidence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Postmaster General or Secretary of the said General Post Office for the time being (upon Proof of the Service of such Summons by the Oath of some credible Person, which Oath they are respectively hereby empowered to administer), to impose such Fine or Fines on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to attend as aforesaid, or refusing to give Evidence, as to them the said Postmaster General or Secretary of the said General Poll Office may seem proper, any such Fine not to exceed Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses,

Pnmfoes, Conditions, Powers and Restrictions, and all Penalties and A ' 3. c'

Q

Modes

49 G* 3* c. 70. extended to A<CL

328

Money pjid out of Duty on Vofta^e.

<.98.

Duties payable during the War tontirued till July 5, 1815.

Modes of recovering the same in the said recited Acts or either of them mentioned or contained, shall extend and be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Conditions, Powers and Restrictions, Penalties and Modes of recovering the same, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General of Ireland for the time being, to pay all such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and of the said recited Act, out of any Money m his Hands arising from the Duty on the Postage of Letters in Ireland.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing tlx several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and other subsequent Acts (a), certain Duties of Customs, under the Title and Description of "Temporary or War Duties are granted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into Great Britain, and are to be paid and payable during the War, 1 and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of*Peace, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be further continued5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties and Customs upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act are payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of the War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall continue to be paid and payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

(a) [50 G. 3. C. 77.^3  51G. 3. c. 67. fa.  51 G. 3. c. 93. #3-  52 G. 3. c. 36. fj.  52 G. 3. jjG.j. #.33- f 9*

- #.36. f 5a* ante.'I

iLD.iSr*.

54 GEO. ID.

C.

229

CAP. LXV.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on French Goods imparted into Great Britain, and on Foreign Hides exported to France, and to grant other Duties on French Goods so imported.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third 53 G. 3. c. 33.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and exported from Great Britain, new and additional Duties of Customs Tabf A ' are payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares

and Merchandizes, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture

of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to

France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons exercising ' the Powers of Sovereignty in France, and also upon the Exportation from Great Britain to France, or to any such Country, Place Tab. B.

or Territory, of Foreign Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or

in any way drafted: And Whereas it is expedient that the said new and additional Duties should be repealed, and other Duties grantedin lien of the first mentioned Duties Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight Duties on hundred and fourteen, the new and additional Temporary or War F^nch Goods Dirties payable by the said Act on the Importation into Great Britain Hides "

of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Ma- exported, to nufacture of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to cease \

France, and upon the Exportation from Great Britain to France, or to any such Country, Place or Territory, of Foreign Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in any way dracted, do cease and determine, fare and except in all cases relating to the recovering and paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Tenth Day of May; and that and inifeadof from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the first mentioned first mentioned Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Impor- xabl/annexed tation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of France, or of any Count,

Place or Territory annexed to or under the Dominion of France, the additional Duties of Customs, as the same are described and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.

II. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties Duties how granted by this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered levied* and applied in the same manner, and under such Powers and Audio-'ribes, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering and applying the Duties granted by the said recited Act on Goods, Wares and Mer ebandize* enumerated or described in the Schedule thereunto annexed, tarkedA. as fully and effectually to all Intetits and Purposes, as if

the

A.D. 1814.

23 C ^5* J40 GEO. III.

the same Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described.

GOODS, Wares and Merchandize (Wine, Raw Silk, Sugar, Tea and Cotton Wool excepted), being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Permanent Duties of Customs due Duty.

. /. d.

and payable thereon 2500

c. % 6. ante. Tab. B.

19 G. 1. c. 17.

4.

No Duty charged on Importation of ny Teak or other Wood.

19 G. a. c. a7. 14*

CAP. LXVI. An Act to repeal the Duties on Teak Wood and other Ship Timber imported from the East Indies; and to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty, as exempts Captains of Vessels coming from the East Indies, from Penalties for having Foreign-made Sails.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties now payable

on Teak or other Wood fit for Shipbuilding imported into Great Britain from the East Indies, and also to repeal so much of

an Act of Parliament passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of 1 1 His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the

more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail

Cloth imported into this Kingdom % and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being

obliged at their first Jetting out to Sea to be fumijhtd with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, as exempts any Captain or

Master of any Ship or Vessel coming from the East Indies from

any of the Duties or Forfeitures imposed by the said Act 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 1 and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Duty of Customs shall be charged or payable upon the legal Im-.portation into Great Britain of any Teak or other Wood fit for Ship-building, the Growth or Produce of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, provided due Entry

is made thereof, and the Wood is landed in the Presence of the proper Officers at the Port of Importation.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, as provides, that nothing therein contained shall charge or make liable any Captain or Master of any Ship or Vessel coming from the East Indies with any of the Duties or Forfeitures therein mentioned, for or upon account of such Ship or Vessel being 10 navigated

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 66, 67.

231

Darigated with or having on board any Foreign-made Sail or Sail* which shall be bona Jide brought from the East Indus, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed. repeal?d.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to allow Viva Voce Verdicts to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Judiciary of Scotland, in certain Cases; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Judiciary, in Civil Cases, to a certain Amount.

[27th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by the Form of Proceeding in Trials for Crimes before the High Court and Circuit Courts of Judiciary in Scotland, Verdicts of Juries must be prepared in Writing, and re- gulzAj executed in Presence of the Jurymen, by their Chancellor and Clerk, after the Jury are inclosed, when Access to the Court for Advice or Direction, or otherwise, is incompetent: And Whereas the Necessity of always observing this Form is in many cases attended with an unnecessary Consumption of Time and Delay of Public Business; and by means of Mistakes in written Verdicts,

guilty Persons sometime3 escape Punishment, and the Ends of Justice are thereby defeated May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, it shall hereafter be lawful for Mouth of the said High Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts, and at the Dif- Ch.mcelior of cretion thereof respectively, to receive Verdicts from Juries by the Jury.

Mouth of their Chancellors, when upon a Consultation in the Jury Box, the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, although the said Verdicts be not contained in Writing nor prepared after the Jury shall have been inclosed, and to cause the same to be taken down and recorded j and that in cases where Juries retire from the Presence of the Court, and are inclosed in order to consider of and prepare their Verdicts, it shall also be lawful for the said High Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts, at the Discretion of the mid Courts respectively, to receive such Verdicts by the Mouth of the Chancellors of the said Juries, in Presence of the Pannel, although the Verdicts have not been made out in Writing; provided the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, and provided the Judges are then fitting in Court, To that the Jury may flraightway repair to the Presence of the Court, attended by an Officer or Officers thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That not with/landing another Trial be Provision in caf# depending at the time, and even after another Jury shall have been anot!?er 1 ml charged with a Pannel or Pannels, when a Jury as aforesaid shall repair p

to the Presence of the Court, in order to return their Verdict, it shall be lawful for the said Courts either to receive the Verdict, in Presence of the Pannel, provided the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, and to cause the same to be recorded, or to remand the Jury, and order them to be re-inclosed, and to prepare a Verdict in Writing.

III. And be it enacted, That in any of the said cases provided for In what case by this Act, the Interruption thereby occasioned in the Proceedings Proceeding*n of the said Courts shall not be deemed any Irregularity, or entitle any d*fed urre-

Q 4 Pannel gu

not

A.D. 1814.

Forms hitherto in uic diierted to he ohlerveii,nd Ait not to extend to c*fes of Trealun.

40 G. 2. c. 43.

34.

41 G. 4. C. 44. 7-

Apical to Cir-cun C\ in t, in what cale.

Pannel or Pannels under Trial to take any Objection to the Proceedings; and all Trials conducted agreeably to any of the Forms hereby authorized, shall be held equally regular, and the Judgments pronounced therein be equally ededtual to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been conduced according to the Forms hitherto in use. 1

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where Verdicts shall not be received Viva Voce in any of the said cases above provided for the Forms hitherto established in the said Courts shall be practised, and observed in every respect as heretofore; and that those Forms which regulate Proceedings in cases of Treason or Misprision of Treason, shall also remain as heretofore by Law established 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Sat'tsfadion to the Proprietors thereof and for rcjloring such Jurisdictions to The Crown, and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by The King,s Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers or Agents in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more

complete; it was enacted, 44 That it should and might be lawful to and for any Party or Parties conceiving himself or themselves aggrieved by any Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgment of the Sheriff or Stewards Court of any County, Shire or Stewartry, or of the Courts of any Royal Burgh or Burgh of Regality or Barony,

or of any Court of any Baron or other Heritor, having such Jurisdiction as is not abrogated or taken away by the said Act, where such Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgment shall be concerning Matters Criminal, of whatever Nature or Extent the same may be,

except all cases which are for the Loss of Life or Demembration,

or in Matters Civil, where the Subject Matter of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, to complain and feck Relief again! the same by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of Judiciary of the Circuit wherein such County, Shire or Stewartry, Royal Burgh or Burgh of Regality or Barony, or such Barony or Estate shall lie, so as no such Appeal be competent before a final Decree, Sentence or Judgment pronouncedwhich Act, in so far as regarded such Appeals being at fird temporary,

was made perpetual by another Act passed in the Thirty fird Year of the Reign of His said Majesty George the Second, for making

perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, and among others !o 4 much of the said last recited Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cases, in Scotland: And Whereas it is expedient to allow such Appeals, where the Subject Matter of the Suit shall not exceed in Value Twenty five Pounds Sterling Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Party or Parties who might appeal to any Circuit Court in Cases Civil, where the Subject Matter of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, pursuant to the said recited Act, henceforth to appeal in the manner thereby directed in Cases Civil, where the Subject Matter of the Suit shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Twenty five Pounds Sterling,

16 CAP.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 68.

*33

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.

[17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Excommunication, together

with all Proceedings following thereupon, should in certain

cases be discontinued, and that other Proceedings should be substituted in lieu thereof; and that certain other Regulations should be

made in the Proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Courts; and that ' more convenient Modes of recovering Tithes and Church Rates,

' in certain cases, should be provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Excommunication, to- Excommunica-retheT with all Proceedings following thereupon, shall in all cases,ion in certain fare those hereafter to be specified, be discontinued throughout that cfcs diicon-Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called tlnuc<1,

Ireland; and that in all Causes, which according to the Laws of this Realm are cognizable in the Ecclesiastical Courts, when any Person or Persons having been duly cited to appear in any Ecclesiastical Court, or required to comply with the lawful Orders or Decrees, as well final as interlocutory, of any such Court, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or neglect or refuse to pay Obedience to such lawful Orders or Decrees; or when any Person or Persons shall commit a Contempt in the Face of such Court, no Sentence of Excommunication shall be given or pronounced, saving in the particular cases hereafter to be specified; but in Head thereof it shall be lawful for the Judges or Judge who issued out the Citation, or whose lawful Orders or Decrees have not been obeyed, or before whom such Contempt in the Face of the Court shall have been committed, to pronounce such Person or Persons Contumacious and in Contempt, and within Ten Days to signify the same, in the Form to this Act annexed, to His Majesty in Chancery, as hath heretofore been done in signifying Excommunications; and thereupon a Writ de Contumace Capiendo, in the Form to this Act annexed,

shall issue from the Court of Chancery, directed to the same Persons to whom the Writs de Excommunicato Capiendo have heretofore been pe Contumacy directed; and the same shall be returnable in like manner as the Writ' Capiendo. de Excommunicato Capiendo hath been by Law returnable heretofore, and shall have the same Force and Effect as the said Writ; and all Rules and Regulations not hereby altered, now by Law applying to the said Writ, and the Proceedings following thereupon, shall extend and be applied to the said Writ de Contumace Capiendo and the Proceedings following thereupon, as if the same were herein particularly repeated and enacted; and the proper Officers of the said Court ot Chancery are hereby authorized and required to issue such Writ de Contumace Capiendo accordingly; and all Sheriffs, Gaolers and other Officers, are hereby authorized and required to execute the same, by taking and detaining the Body of the Person against whom the said Writ shall be directed to be executed; and upon the due Appearance of the Party so cited and not having appeared as aforesaid.

*34

C. 68.

A.D. 1814.

Ecclesiastical Court*, not prevented from passinp in certain cases, Excommunication.

Punishment by Imprisonment.

x G. (I.)

c. IX.

X3 tc 14 G.3.

Justices empowered to determine Tithe Cause*, where Amount exceeds not 10L.

54

GEO. III.

said, or the Obedience of the Party so cited and not having obeyed as aforesaid, or the due Submission of the Party so having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court, the Judges or Judge of such Ecclesiastical Court shall pronounce such Party absolved from the Contumacy and Contempt aforesaid, and shall forthwith make an Order upon the Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer in whose Custody he shall be, in the Form to this Act annexed, for discharging such Party out of Custody 5 and such Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer shall, on the said Order being shewn to him, so soon as such Party shall have discharged the Costs lawfully incurred by reason of such Custody and Contempt, forthwith discharge him.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Ecclesiastical Court from pronouncing or declaring Persons to be Excommunicate in definitive Sentences, or in interlocutory Decrees having the force and effect of definitive Sentences, such Sentences or Decrees being pronounced as Spiritual Censures for Offences of Ecclesiastical Cognizance, in the same manner as such Court might lawfully have pronounced or declared the same, had this Act not been parted.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be so pronounced or declared Excommunicate, shall incur any Civil Penalty or Incapacity whatever, in consequence of such Excommunication, save such Imprisonment not exceeding Six Months, as the Court pronouncing or declaring such Person Excommunicate, shall direct; and in such case the said Excommunication and the Term of such Imprisonment shall be signified to His Majesty in Chancery, in the same manner as Excommunications have been heretofore signified; and thereupon the Writ dr Excommunicato Capiendo shall issue, and the usual Proceeding shall be had, and the Party being taken into Custody shall remain therein for the Term so directed, or until he shall be absolved by such Ecclesiastical Court.

IV. And Whereas in the First Year of King George the Second,

an Act was made and passed in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues of

Small Value: which Ad was at first temporary, but was by

several subsequent Acts of Parliament in Ireland from time to

time continued, and was at length made perpetual by an Act of

Parliament made and passed in Ireland, in the Thirteenth and

Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby,

amongst other things therein enacted, Two or more of Hii

Majesty's Justices of the Peace are authorized and required to

hear and determine Complaints concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ec-1 clefiastical Dues or Compositions, substraded or withdrawn, not exceeding Forty Shillings: And Whereas it has become expedient 1 to enlarge such Amount, and also to extend the said Act to all

Tithes whatsoever, of a certain limited Amount Be it enacted, That such Justices of the Peace shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be authorized and required to hear and determine all Complaints concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ecclesiastical Dues or Compositions, substraded or withdrawn, where the same shall not exceed Ten Pounds in Amount from any One Person, in all such cases, and by all such means, and subject to all such Provisions and Remedies, by Appeal or otherwise, as contained in the said Act of

A.D. 1814.

C. 63.

23S

54 GEO. III.

King George the Second, concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ecclesiastical Dues or Compositions, not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided pr0VIf0< always nevertheless, that, from and after the passing of this Act,

One Justice of the Peace shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace, as in the said Act is set forth.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Limitation of of this Act, no Action shall be brought for the Recovery of any Actions.

Penalty for the not setting out of Tithes, nor any Suit inllituted in any Court of Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, to recover the Value of any Tithes, unless such Action shall be brought, or such Suit commenced within Six Years from the time when such Tithes became due.

VI. And Whereas in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His 7 o. 3. (f.)

present Majesty King George the Third, an Act was made and c. ai.

passed in Ireland, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act,

passed in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and explain an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for Tithes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was at first temporary, but was afterwards from time to time continued by subsequent Acts of Parliament, and at length made perpetual by an Act passed in

Ireland, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His It & I2 g. 3.

present Majesty, intituled An Act for reviving and continuing (I.) c. 10. 9.

several temporary Statutes that have lately expired, and for continuing others that are near expiring; by which said Act of the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, 7 <3 3. (i.)

That where any Quaker shall refuse to pay, compound for or set c. 21. 11.

out his Great or Small Tithes, or pay any Cullomary or other Rights or Dues belonging to any Church or Chapel, which by Law or Cullom ought to be paid. Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace are authorized to hear and determine the same,

not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds: And Whereas it is become expedient to enlarge the said Sum; Be it enacted, That, Pmviflonsof from and after the passing of this Act, all the Provisions of the said ? G; 3- touching Ad of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, touching Quakers, e^jexte11 - shall be deemed and taken to extend to any Value not exceeding Fifty One JuiUce Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that, from and after the pal- competent, sing of this Act, One Justice of the Peace shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace, as in the said Act is set forth.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that Church Rates or Parish 1 CelTes of limited Amount unduly refused or withheld, Should in certain cases be more ealily and speedily recovered Be it enacted, Church Rates That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any one duly rated and Panlh to a Church Rate or Parish Cess, the Validity whereof has not been Ce^es* questioned in any Ecclesiastical Court, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same Sum at which he is so rated, it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the same County, County of a City or Town Corporate, where the Church is situated, in respect whereof such Rate or Parish Cess shall have been made, upon the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Churchwardens who ought to

receive

A.D. 1814.

Li.'lrcfs.

rrcai.

P'Olift,

Provisij.

Piovifu,

r, v' 'so for

C. 9.

n.3.

21.

c. 68. 54 GEO. III.

receive and collect the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to convene before any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace, any Person so refuting or neglecting to pay such Rate or Parish Cess, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Justir's are hereby empowered to administer) into the Merits of the said Complaint, and by Order under their Hands and Seals to diredi the Payment of what is due and payable in respect of such Rate or Cess, so as the Sum ordered and directed to be paid as aforesaid do not exceed Ten Pounds over and above the reasonable Costs and Charges to be ascertained by such Justices; and upon Refusal or Neglect of such Party to pay according to such Order, it shall and may be lawful for any One of such Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid, together with the Amount of such Colls and Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, his Executors or Administrators, rendering only the Overplus to him or her, the necessary Charges of distraining being the reout first deduced and allowed by the said Justices 5 and any Person finding him or herself aggrieved by any Judgment given by Two or more such Justices, may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County, County of a City or Town Corporate, wherein the Church is situated, in respect whereof such Rate or Cess shall have been made; and the Ju ftices of the Peace then present, or the major Part of them, shall proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter, and to reverse the said Judgment if they shall see Cause; and if the Justices then present, or the major Part of them, shall find Cause to affirm the Judgment given by the first Two or more Justices, the same shall be decreed by Order of Sessions, with Cods against the Appellant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Party Appellant: Provided always, that in case any such Appeal be made as aforesaid, no Warrant of Distress shall be granted until after such Appeal be determined: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter or interfere with the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts to hear and determine Causes touching the Validity of any Church Rate or Cess, or from Proceeding to enforce the Payment of any such Rate or Cess, if the same shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, from the Party proceeded against: Provided likewise, that if the Validity of such Rate or Cess, or the Liability of the Person from whom it is demanded to pay the same be disputed, and the Party disputing the same give Notice thereof to the Justices, the Justices shall forbear giving Judgment thereupon; and the Person or Persons demanding the same may then proceed to the Recovery of their Demand, according to the Course of Law as heretofore used and accustomed s Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter, change or make void any Clause, Matter or Thing respecting the rebuilding and repairing of Churches contained in a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in Ireland) in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the more effectual ereSing and better regulating of Free Schools3 and for rebuilding and repairing of Churches.

VIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid in part recited Act passed in Ireland in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enabled, That where any Person or Persons are condemned in any Sum or Sums of Money for Predial Tithes or Costs

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 68.

a37

of Suit, in any such Cause fas in the Ad mentioned), and the Party so condemned shall refute or neglect, after Service of a Monition for that Purpose from the Court where such Sentence is or shall be given, and Proof made upon Oath of the due Service thereof, by the Space of Fifteen Days after such Service, to satisfy and pay to the Party obtaining such Sentence, such Sum or Sums as shall be so decreed, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so obtaining such Sentence or Sentences, their Executors or Administrators, to sue for the Money so decreed, by Civil Bills, before the next going Judges of Assize for the County where the Parties against whom such Sentence was pronounced shall reside, or in any other Court where Civil Bills are or shall be allowed to be brought, in such manner as Suits by Civil Bills are now allowed to be brought, so as the same do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And Whereas an Act was made and passed in Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, G y intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preserva- c. 40.* 15. tion of the Peace within Counties at large; by virtue of which Act, a Barrister at Law, of Six Years standing at least, was appointed to act as a constant Assistant to the Justices at every Session of the Peace in each County in Ireland: And Whereas an Act was made and patted, in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of 36 G. 3. (I.) the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better c* and more convenient Administration of Just'tce, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary way, at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom (except the County ^Dublin), and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within the Counties at large; and it is by said Act epaded.

That the aforesaid Assistant Barristers be authorized and em- k

powered, at the General Sessions or Quarter Sessiona of the Peace

in their respective Counties, to hear and determine in a summary

way, by English Bill or Paper Petition>*usually called a Civil Bill,

among other Actions therein recited, all Actions or Monitions

issuing from Ecclesiastical Courts, for Nonpayment of Sums in which the Parties shall have been condemned in such Ecclesiastical Courts for Predial Tithes or Costs of Suit, according to the Pro-

vifioos of the hereinbefore in part recited Act of the Seventh

+Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the said Assistant Barristers shall respectively be the sole and exclusive Judges in such Courts of General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for hearing and determining in a summary way by English Bill or Paper Petition, usually called a Civil Bill, such Causes as they are empowered as aforesaid to hear and determine, in like manner as the Chairman of the County of Dublin now is: And Whereas an Act

was made and passed, in Ireland, in the Thirty ninth Year of the 39 G. 3. (I )

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further c* l6'

Amendment of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better

and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery

of Small Debts in a summary way, at the Sessions of the Peace within this Kingdom (except the County of Dublin); and for continuing and

amending mu AB for the better Execution of the Lav? and Preserva*

tion of tat Peace within Counties mtlprge; by which Ad it is ep-

acted.

C. 68.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

is-

a G. 1. (I.) c.xi.

Amount of Decrees on Monitions by Chairman of Dublin crteuded.

7 0.3 (I.) c. ax.

Regulation for Prod ors.

# acted, That it shall and may be lawful for the aforesaid Assistant

Barristers, at all times hereafter, to make Decrees on all Monitions

issuing out of Ecclesiastical Courts, without any Limitation on account of the Sum therein contained: And Whereas the Chairman of the County of Dublin is always one of His Majesty's Judge*

or Counsel learned in the Law, who, with the Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, holds the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County; and the said Chairman of the County of Dublin is, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in Ireland, in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled an Act for reviving and amending an Act, intituled An Act for recovering of Small Debts in a summary way, before the Judges of AJ/tze, authorized and empowered to exercisiva full Civil Bill Jurisdiction, at the General Quarter Sessions for the said County, but he cannot make a Decree for any greater Sum on a

Monition issuing out of an Ecclesiastical Court than the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it is expedient that he should have the same Power and Authority to make Decrees on Monitions issuing out of the Metropolitical and Consistorial Court of the Diocese of Dublin, within the County of Dublin, as the aforesaid Assistant Barristers are invested with, in the manner before mentioned, in their respective Counties; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to hear and determine id a summary way, by English Bill or Paper Petition, usually called a Civil Bill, all Actions on Monitions issuing from the Metropolitical and Consistorial Court of the Diocese of Dublin, for Nonpayment of Sums in which the Parties shall have been condemned in the said Ecclesiastical Court, for Predial Tithes issuing, growing and increasing within the said County of Dublin, and Cons of Suit, according to the Provisions of the hereinbefore in part recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, without any Limitation respecting the Amount of the Sum therein contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Proctor of His Majesty's Court of Prerogative in Ireland, or of the Consistorial and Metropolitical Courts of Armagh and Dublin, or of any other Ecclesiastical Court or Courts in Ireland, in which he shall be entitled to act as Proctor, shall act as such, or permit and suffer his Name to be in any manner used in any Suit, the Prosecution or Defence whereof shall appert ain to the Office of a Proctor, or in obtaining Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration or Marriage Licences, to or for or on account or for the Profit and Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled to act as a Proctor, or shall permit or suffer any such Person or Persons to demand or participate in such Profit and Benefit, and Complaint thereof shall be made in the Court or Courts wherein such Proctor hath been admitted and enrolled, and Proof given to the Satisfaction of the said Court or Courts that such Proctor bath offended therein as aforesaid 5 then and in such case every such Proctor so offending, shall be struck off the Roll of Prodors, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Proctor, or be suspended from the Office, Functions and Practice of a Proctor, in all and every the said Court or Courts, for so long a Period as the Judge or Judges of the said

Court

A.D. 1814.

54 Geo. m.

C. 68.

239

Court or Courts may deem fit; save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money that are or shall be agreed to be made to the Widows or Children of any deceased Proctor or Proctors, by any funriving Partner or Partners of such deceased Proctor or Proctors; and also fare and except as to any Agreement made or understood to have been made between Proctors and Articled Clerks, whose Articles have been executed prior to the passing of

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of Asting, kc. as this Act, in case any Person or Persons shall, in his or in their own Proctor without Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, make, do,

aft, exercise or perform any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in c* any vrzy appertaining or belonging to the Office, Function or Practice of a Proctor, for or in Consideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a View to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Functions or Practice of a Proctor, without being admitted and enrolled, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered PenaltJ-in manner herein after mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Clerks, herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Salary

which shall be agreed to be paid by a Proctor, his Partner or Successor, to a Clerk really and bona fide serving in his Office, at the time of the passing of this Act, and who shall have been bona fide serving in the Office of any Proctor or Proctors, for Seven Years next before the passing of the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, all pecuniary Forfeitures Recovery of and Penalties, imposed on any Person or Persons, for Offences com- Penah'w' mhted against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered

io any of His Majesty's Four Courts in the City of Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information 5 wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall receive the same for his or her own Use, with full Costs of Suit. Costs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced for any thing done innpurfuance of this Action*.

Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards;

ar.d shall be laid and tried in the City or County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General General Ifluo. Hue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done, in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act 5 and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other City, County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Judge shall find Cot the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Ylaxuuff or Wuntiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Di (continuance of their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall*or l{* uPn Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against

t^ "Haintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

[Treble Costs.]

Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any De-

fondant

this Act.

To extend to Ireland only.

C. 63. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

fendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other case by Law.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Part of the United Kingdom except Ireland.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Significavit, Party being Contumacious and in Contempt.

T'O His Most Excellent Majesty and Our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, by Divine Providence [or, Permission, as the case may be]

Health in him by whom Kings and Princes rule and govern 5 We hereby notify and signify unto Your Majesty, That one in the County of hath been duly pronounced guilty

of manifest Contumacy and Contempt of the Law and Jurisdiction Ecclesiastical, in not [as the case may be] appearing before [here set out the Style of the Ecclesiastical Judge, or his Representative] or, in not obeying the lawful Commands [here set out the Commands] of [such Judge or Representative] or, in having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court of [such Judge, or Representative] lawfully authorized by [here set out the Nature and Manner of such Contempt] on a Day and Hour now long past, in a certain Cause of [here set out the Nature of the Cause and the Names of the Parties to the same] We therefore humbly implore and entreat Your said Most Excellent Majesty would vouchsafe to command the Body of the said to be taken and imprisoned for such Contumacy and Contempt.

Given under the Seal of Our Courts, the

Day of

A*B. Registrar [or Deputy Registrar as the case may be.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

Writ de Contumace Capiendo.

GEORGE, See. To the Sheriff

V Greeting: The hath figuified to

Vs, that of in your County of is manifestly Contumacious, and contemns the Jurisdiction and Authority of [here fully fate the Nonappearance, f)ifobedience, together with the Commands disobeyed, or, the Contempt in the Face of the Court, as the case may be], nor will he submit to the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction; but for asmuch as the Royal Power ought not to be wanting to enforce such Jurisdiction, We commmand you, that you attach the said by his Body, until he shall have made Satisfaction for the said Contempt: And how you shall execute this Our Precept, notify unto and in no

wife omit this; and leave you there this Writ.

Witndt Day of

jb the Year of Our Reign*

SCHE

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 68} 6p

241

SCHEDULE (C.)

Writ of Deliverance.

of

WHEREAS

v in your County of whom lately at the

denouncing of for Contumacy, dhd by Writ

issued thereupon, you attached by his Body, until he (houli have made Satisfaction for the Contempt; Now he having submitted him-ielf and satisfied the said Contempt, We hereby empower and command you that without Delay you cause the said

to be delivered out of the Prison in which he is so detained, if upon that Occasion, and no other he shall be detained therein.

Given under our Seal of Our of

Eitrafted by E-F. Proctor,

A*B. Registrar [or, Deputy Registrar, ai tie case may be,]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, or receiving of Bounty.

[17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom should be permitted at all times, without the Payment of any Duty, and without the receiving of any Bounty whatever;

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Dutiss and Ad, all Duties of Customs, and also all Bounties respectively granted um, es 0, 1 and payable, upon the Exportation of any Cora, Grain, Malt, Meal toafP<me or flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and all Restrictions on the Exportation thereof, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in relation thereto, shall cease and determine; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; And, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be Com exporred lawful for any Person or Persons to export at all times from any without Pay Part of the United Kingdom, any Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt and went of Duty; Flour, without the Payment of any Duty of Customs thereon; and gc*e^ieivl, & no Person shall be entitled to demand, have or receive any Bounty  upon or for or in respect of the Exportation, after the passing.of this Act, of any Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt or Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

54 GEO. III.

R

242

54 GEO. ID.

A.D. 1814.

C. 70.

CAP. LXX.

I G. 3. c. 1.

3.

[1 G. I# Stat. a.

C.X2.]

*70.3. c. 13.

548.

46 G. 3. c. 87.

 IX.

14.

40.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Grown.

[17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Support of

His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of Toe Crown of Great Britain, it was enacted, that the Revenue arising to His Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them (except the Revenue of the Duchy

of Cornwall), should, during His present Majesty's Life, be carried

to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund established by the Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and be, during the said Term, issued and applied in manner thereinafter mentioned, to the Uses to which the said Fund was or should be made applicable: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Ex rife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importstion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the ReduSion of the National Debty it was enacted, that the Revenue arising to His Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same or any of them, should, during the Life of His present Majesty, be carried to and made Part of a Fund to be called The Consolidated Fund: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests and Land Revenues belonging to The Crown; and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents, the Commissioners thereby appointed were empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontiel Rents, and other dry, fixed and unimprovable Rents, due and payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Survey and Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, at or for the belt Prices or Considerations, in Money, which the said Commissioners should be able to procure for the same, not being less, for any Rent amounting to or exceeding One Shilling per Annum, than after the several Rates of Purchase thereinafter specified; and the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England were thereby required to open an Account in their Books with the said Commit- sioners thereby appointed, under the Title of Commissioners for the Land Revenue, " and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by the said Act directed to be paid to the Cashiere of the Bank; and it was by the said Act enacted, that all Sums of Money which should be paid into the Bank of England by virtue

243

A.D. 18J4* 54 GEO. III. C. 70.

of the said Act, should from time to time be laid out, by Order*J of the said Commissioners thereby appointed, in the Purchase of

Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the said Commissioners; in which Names the Governor and Company of the Bank of England were thereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds or Stocks, so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, for and in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England; and the said Commissioners were thereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted,

should remain invested in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and should not be transferred or transferable without the Authority of Parliament; but that all the Interest of the said Annuities or Yearly Dividends should from time to time be paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as should be appointed to receive the same, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and should by force and virtue of the said Act be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, and should be from time to time answered, accounted for, applied and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Land Reveaucs of The Crown then were or would thereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated in case the said Act had not been made; and the Powers of the said Act were to continue in 

force from the passing thereof, for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the 30 G. 3. c. 50. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to continue and

amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners ta enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests and Land Revenues belonging to The Crowm and to fell or alienate Fee Farm 3,

and other unimprovable Rents, the Powers of the said last recited Act (except where the same were altered by the said Act now in recital) were extended, from the End of the then Session of Parliament, for the further Term of Twelve Calendar Months, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year 34 G. 3. c. 75, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the>

letter Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents, the Surveyor $ to.

General of the Land Revenues of The Crown for the time being was empowered to contradi and agree with any Person or Persons,

or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Chauntry Rents,

Cadle Guard Rents, Viscontiel Rents, and other dry, fixed and unimprovable Rents (except Quit Rents and of Rents ' standing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging to any Manor or 1 reputed Mauor, due and payable to His Majesty* his Heirs (or Successors, in England <?r in Wales, within the Survey and

244

in.

11*-

480.3. c. 73. 4 .

C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1&14.

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer) at or for the bed Prices or

Considerations, iu Money, Which the said Surveyor General should be able to procure for the same, and which should be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, not being less than the several Rates of Purchase enacted and provided by the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England were thereby required to open an Account in their Books, under the Title of An Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, " and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by the said Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank, for or on account of the Purchase of any such Rents as aforesaid: And it was by the said Act enacted, that all Sums of Money which should be paid into the Bank of England by virtue of the said Act, on account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, should from time to time be laid out, by the Order of the Surveyor General, in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in which Name the Govemor and Company of the Bank of England were thereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds or Stocks to to be purchased, and such Transfers 1 to be accepted by the said Surveyor General for and in the Name

of the Lord High Treasurer of England; and the said Surveyor

General was thereby required to accept the same accordingly;

and that all the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted should remain in vested in the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commis. 4 doners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the

time being, and should not be transferred or transferrable without the Authority of Parliament; but that all the Interest of the said Annuities or Yearly Dividends should be from time to time paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as should be appointed to receive the same, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and should by force and virtue of the said Act be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, and should be from time to time answered, accounted for, applied and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Punposes, as the Land Revenues of The Crown then were or would thereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated, in case the said Act had not been made: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues oi The Crown for the time being was empowered to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale from time to time (beyond what was necessary to raise a Fund for Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Estates of The Crown), of such Manors or Lordships belonging to The Crown as confided of Manorial Rights and Quit Rents, without any Lands or with very small Quantities of Land, and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manorial Rights extended, was the

7t ' IWaty

*4$

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70.

Property of Individuals; and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty was not the foie Proprietor, but was entitled to an undiTided Share jointly with Individuals; and of Lands dispersed in 1 small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals,

and Ipng remote from other Property belonging to The Crown;

and of Grounds or Buildings appertaining to or anciently held with any Castle or Strong Building then or lately used for a Common Gaol; or with any Building used for holding the Assizes or Sessions in any County or District; or for a Court House or Gaoler's 4 House; or in which the Magistrates of any County or District might claim to have Rights, from Length of Use or Enjoyment,

for the public Purposes of such County or District; and of Tithes belonging to The Crown issuing out ol Lands which were the Propertjr of Individuals; and of Mills, Fisheries and Ferries, and Mooring Chains, and Wastes belonging to The Crown, the Poflion of which had been usurped or encroached upon; for the best Prices or Considerations, in Money, which the said Surveyor General Should be able to procure for the same; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same should from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in like manner as the Monies arising from Sales of Land Revenue authorized by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for [38 G. 3. c. 60.

making perpetual, fuhjcQ to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein fiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One fear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and by another Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present 4*0* 3* c. xi6-] Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provision of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in ref pc 3 of Messuages, Lands or Te-

nements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, were directed to be paid; and such Purchase Money was 5 is.

directed to be laid out in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or of Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, in the9Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the find Surveyor General was, by the said Act now in recital, cm- 13 4 powered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Tenant or Tenants of any of or Customary Tenements, Parcel of or holden of any Manor belonging to The Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer m England, for the Enfranchisement of any such of Tenements, or with any Person or Persons (though not such Tenants of any such of Tenements) for the Sale of the Manorial Rights belonging to The Crown therein, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General Should be able to procure for the same, and which should be ap- proved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being: And it was further enacted, that the $ ij*

Purchase Money or Consideration to be paid for every such Enfranchtfement or Purchase of Manorial Rights, should from time to

24<S

C. 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[14 0.3. c. 7 516.]

ig.

419-

3S G. 3. c. 103.

41 G. 3. c. 33.

14 0*3* c. 61.

45 G 3. c. 115.

46 G. 3. c. 89.

45 G. 3. c.xcvii. 45 O.3. c.ix6.

time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Enfranchisement of Copyholds of Crown Manors, and should be laid out in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, by Order of the said Surveyor General (who was for that Purpose thereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the same) in like manner as was directed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents; and the said Surveyor General was by the said Act now in recital empowered to make Exchanges of certain Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty; And it was by the said Act provided that where any Money should be paid to His Majesty, for equalizing any such Exchange, the same, if it should amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, should be vested in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer; and the Dividends thereof should be applicable as Land Revenue: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds fiiuate at or near Painshill, in the fevered Par Ales of Cobham, Walton and Wiftey, in the County of Surry, to Charles Chamberlaine Esquire, George Bond Esquire, one of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trujls declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins Esquire, deccafedy of and concerning his Estate at Painshill aforesaid: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and prefrrving the same from the Sea: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peaccy in the City of Westminster, and for purchasing certain Buildings and Grounds between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Public: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for purchasing certain Buildings and Grounds in and near Palace Yard Westminster, for the Use of the Public: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick; And Whereas another Act was passed in the said Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

247

Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant a 4 certain Creek called ChelfonBay otherwise Shilfton Bay, in or near the Parish of Plymton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the same for a valuable Consideration* in the Right Honour die John Lord Borringdon and his Heirs: And Whereas another 47 G. 3. SelT. a* 4 Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His pre- c.cxxx.

sent Majesty, intituled An Act for draining, embanking and improve ing Lands in the Parish of Ottringham in Holderness, in the East Ruling of the County of York: And Whereas another Act was 47 G 3. Soft. 2. 4 passed in the said Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present c. 77.

Majesty, intituled An Act for confrming certain Articles of Agreenunt for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and David Jebb Esquire, in the Parish o/*Egham, in the County of Surry: And 51 G. 3. c. 68.

Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign

PR.

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Coheircjjes of Edward Sulyarde Esquire, deceased, and their Husbands, to pay the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for the Benefit of His Majesty,

in Satisfaction of the Claim of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successor*, to the Manor and Estate of Haugley, in the County of Suffolk

And Whereas there is now standing in the Name of the Lord High Sum standin? in Treasurer of England, in the Books of the Governor and Com,. NnmeofLord pany of the Bank of England, in Three Pounds per Centum Con- Tre'^urer folidated Bank Annuities, the Sum of One hundred and fifty OHe,1, 67 21! 51.4 rt.

thousand six hundred and seventy two Pounds Five Shillings and Three per Cents. 4 Four pence, and which has arisen partly from Monies received and raised under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the said Thirteen several last recited Acts of the Thirtieth, Thirty fourth,

Forty eighth. Thirty fifth, Forty second, Forty fourth, Forty fifth,

Forty sixth. Forty fifth, Forty fifth, Forty seventh, Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and partly from the Sale of old Materials of certain Premises at Chelsea,

and of old Materials of certain Premises at Richmond: And Whereas 4^ g. 3. c.a 5.

by another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of By fleet, Weybridge, Walton,

Walton Leigh and Chert fey, in the County of Surry, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Confderation, it was enacted, That the Purchase Monies of the 5 a.

Estates thereby made saleable, should be paid into the Bank of England in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England,

and should by the Surveyor General as aforesaid be inverted in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the said Lord High Treasurer of England, in the same manner*

and applicable to the sameUseg, as the Monies arising from the*Sale of the Fee Farm Rents, under the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown;

and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents: And 52 G. 3. c. cxcv.*an passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reiga

of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintain-5?*Navigable Canal from The Grand Junction Canal, in the Tanjb of Paddington, to the River Thames, in the Parish of Lime-

R4

house,

248

C. 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[48 G. 3. c. 73.] t Sic.

Monies (landing in Names of Commissioners of Treasury. 36, 390). 13s. jd. Three per Cent*.

9*-4<h Thiee per Cent*.

Transfers to Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

% G. 3. c. xi6.

house, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, the Surveyor General,

or Commissioners for executing the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, were empowered to contract and

agree with the Company of Proprietors thereby incorporated,

for the Sale of a certain Quantity of Land, for the Purposes of the said Act; and the Purchase Money arising from such Sale

was directed to be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in like manner as

the Monies arising from the Sale of certain Parts of the Property of The Crown, authorized by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Al{? to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown of f England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, are directed to be paid: And Whereas there are now standing, amongst other Sums, in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

1 several Sums, making together the Sum of Thirty six thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five pence ! Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, which have arisen from Monies received and raised under the Provisions ! of the said recited Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second 1 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and there is also now 1 {landing, in the Names of such Commissioners, in the Books of 1 the Governor and Company aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty live thousand three hundred and forty seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and

Four pence Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, which have arisen partly from Monies received and raised under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and partly from Monies received by the Sale of the Materials of certain old Buildings in the Cafle Garth at Newcastle upon Tyne: And Whereas the Sum of Five

thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence Reduced Bank Annuities, which had been purchased with Monies-

accrued and raised under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, hath been transferred to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, in Part of the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax which was charged upon certain Estates belonging to The Crown: And Whereas under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxt for One Tears from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and of the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One A8y and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire9 and other Members to serve in Parliament, in refbcS of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchasedy certain Lands have been fold in order to raise Money

249

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70.

1 for the Redemption of the Land Tax on The Crown Estates; and

a considerable Sum of Money arising therefrom, Part of which now remain unappropriated, has been invested in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, which are now Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company aforesaid, and a compc-

teat Part of such Bank Annuities ouglit to be applied in replacing or satisfying the said Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence Reduced Bank Annuities, so as aforesaid transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third 53 G. 3. c. m.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the same, the  i.

Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, were appointed Commissioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And Whereas, in Expediency of order to carry into effect the several Purposes of the said last applying Receivrecited Act, as expeditiously and with as little Inconvenience to the ers Balances,

Public as possible, and to create a Fund for the Purposes thereof, ^luniiti'ei^4 io aid of the Monies thereby directed to be raised, it is expedient of that all Balances of Rents of Lands, which shall be found due to 53 g 3. c.iai.

His Majesty on the periodical making up of the Accounts of the Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenues, by the Auditors of those Accounts, and all Monies from time to time to be paid on account thereof, prior to such Balances being ascertained (except as herein after mentioned); and also all Fines of Leases of Lands belonging to His Majesty, and all Sums of Money arising from the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, or from the Sale of Enfranchisement or Equality of Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, under or by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Thirty fourth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and also the said several Bank Annuities now standing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and amounting together to the Sum of One hundred and fifty one thousand six hundred and seventy two Pounds Five Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, as aforesaid; and the said Sum of Thirty six thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five pence Three Pounds per Centum Confobdated Bank Annuities, Part of the like Bank Annuities now standing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid; and the said Fifty five thousand three hundred and forty seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities as aforesaid; and also the Purchase Monies to arise from the Sale of the Estates to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and 1 Albany, as aforesaid; and also the Dividends and Annual Proceeds'to accrue from time to time (except as herein after mentioned), on 1 the bank Annuities which have arisen from the Sale of Lands and 1 Hereditaments for the Redemption of the Land Tax on The Crown ' Estates, and now standing in the Names of the Commissioners of

His

250 C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Balances of Rents of Crown Lands paid to Commissioner#' under

53 O. 3. c. a 1.

Receivers to have same Allowances on Payment to Commissioners as if paid into Consolidated Fund.

Monies arising from Fines of Leafety &c. paid to Coin-milfioneis under S3 G.> C. 12U.

His Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid; and also all Monies that may hereafter arise from the Sale of any Waste Lands in (Vales, under

the Provisions of this Act; should be respectively transferred, paid and made over, unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in manner herein after mentioned 5 and that out of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, now (landing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and which have been purchased with Monies arisen from the Sale made

of Land under the Provisions of the said Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, should be transferred to the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, in lieu and (lead of the like Sum of Reduced

Bank Annuities so transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforesaid 5 and that the said Commissioners for executing the last mentioned Act should be empowered to raise Monies by Loan upon the Credit of the Land Revenue of

The Crown, in manner herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Balances of Rents of Lands due, or to accrue and become due to His Majesty, on the periodical making up of the Accounts of the Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenues, by the Auditors of those Accounts, and all Sum and Sums of Money which shall from time to time be required to be paid on account thereof prior to the ascertaining of such Balances (except such Sums as shall be required to be paid in pursuance of any Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being), shall from time to time be paid and made over, by the several and respective Receivers thereof, unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution, until the Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Receiver and Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenue, on Payment of all such Balances and Sums of Money to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have and receive such and the same Salaries or Allowances, as such Receiver or Receivers would have had or been entitled to have had and received, on Payment thereof into the Fund called 41 The Consolidated Fund."

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise, for or in respect of any Fine or Fines for the Renewal or*Grant of any Lease or Leases of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, his

Heirs

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 70.

*S

Heirs or Successors, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, or from the Sale, Enfranchisement or Equality of Exchange of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rights or Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents, and of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, shall from time to time be paid and made over by the several Lessees and other Person or Persons liable to pay or authorized to receire the same, unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Receipts of the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall from time to time be good and suficient Releases and Discharges to the several Receivers, Lessees, Purchasers, and other the Person or Persons paying such Balances, Fines, and Sum and Sums of Money as aforesaid, for so much Monies as shall from time to time be expressed in such Receipts.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any thing is required, directed or permitted to be done under this Act, by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the same may be done by any Two of such Commissioners for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer of England, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to transfer the said Sum of One hundred and fifty one thousand six hundred and seventy two Pounds Five Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, now Handing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as hereinbefore mentioned; and also the said Sum of Thirty six thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, Part of the like Bank Annuities (landing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and also the said Sum of Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence Three Pounds fer Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, further Part of the like Annuities, Handing in their Names as hereinbefore mentioned; and also the said Sum of Fifty five thousand three hundred and forty

seven

34 G. 3. c. 75. 48 G. 3. c.;

Receipts of Commissioners to discharge Receivers, Lessees, \ c.

Act of any Two

Commissioners

valid.

Commissioners of Treasury empowered to transfer

151, 672!. 55.

Three per Ceut. Con l'ols.

36, 5901.15s. 5l. Three per Cent. Conlbls,

5, 0851. its. 1 id. Three per Cent.

--1

Coufols,

55*347h 19s. 4^-Three per Cent. Reduced,

252

to Commissioners under 53 G. 3. c.iai.

Monies to rife from Sale of Estates to Duke of York under 44 G. 3- c. IS-and Dividends of Annuities ari-sing from Monies under Land Tax Acts, paid to Commissioners, except Sums required by Treasury.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

% G. 3. c. 116.

C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities now also (landing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury as hereinbefore mentioned, or any Part or Parts of the said respective Sums, into the Names of the said Commissioners for the executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, into which Names the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit such Transfers to be made of the said Annuities respectively 5 and the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act are hereby required to accept such Transfers accordingly; and all and Angular the said Annuities so to be transferred and accepted, and the Proceeds thereof, shall from time to time be applied by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and towards carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution 5 any thing in any Act or Aden of Parliament, or in this Act, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, aB the Purchase Monies for the Grant of the said Estates to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, under and by virtue of toe Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Wallon Leigh and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration; shall be paid over by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all and Angular the Dividends and Annual Proceeds from time to time arising out of and from all and Angular the Bank Annuities now (landing in the Names of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as hereinbefore mentioned, or which shall hereafter (land in the Names of such Commissioners, and which have arisen or which shall hereafter arise under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act pafl*ed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase tn the manner therein Jtated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and of the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One ASy and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts resptSing the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respeS of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, (except such Sums

as

1

2*3

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 701

as shall be paid thereout in pursuance of any Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being) shall be paid and made over by the Person or Persons receiving the same, unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pading of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make sale and dispose, from time to time, of any Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Waste Lands, situate, lying and being in any Place or Places within the Principality of Wales, and which shall have been allotted, or may hereafter be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for inclosing Lands passed subsequently to the pading of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents; and which Act or Acts of Inclosure does or do not contain any special Authority or Provision for the Sale of such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Waste Lands, for the best Prices or Condderations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, shall be able to procure for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from the Sale or Sales of such Waste Lands as aforesaid, shall from time to time be carried over to the Account of the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, M The New Street Account, " and shall be by them applied for and towards carrying the several Purposes of the said last mentioned Act into Execution, until the Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; and from and immediately after the same shall have been so raised, pud and satisfied, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may thereafter arise or be produced from the Sale or Sales of such Waste Lands, shall be paid into the Bank, and placed to the Account herein after directed to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commissioners, to be intituled "The Navy Timber Nursery Fund, " and shall be applied in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes as the other Monies herein after directed to be paid into the same Account are herein after directed to be applied.

Sale of Lands la

Wales.

34 G. 3. c. 7*.

Application of Monies anting from Sale of Lands in Wale*.

A.D. 1814.

254 C. 70. 54 GEO. III.

X. And Whereas His Majesty in Right of His Crown is Owner

of the Soil of the several Tracts, Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, mentioned and described in the Schedule (D.) to this Act, being Part of His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and of all Mines, Minerals and other Substances within and under the same, subject to the Rights and Privileges which the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridals have or claim for the taking, cutting and enjoying the Wood growing on certain Parts thereof, and subject to certain Rights of Common which the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes have or claim to have in or over the same, or some Part or Parts thereof: And Whereas the same Tracts, Pieces or Parcels of Watte Land lie intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and at a considerable Distance from the remaining Parts of the said Forest, and are detached therefrom, and although His Majesty's Rights and Interests therein are in their present State of little Value to The Crown, yet it is apprehended the same may be sold to Advantage, and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, to sell and dispose of His Majesty's Rights and Interests, in and over the said Tracts, Pieces or Parcels of Land Be it therefore

Certain Parols further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-PaK of FoiTil* missioner8 of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, of Dean, ibid. or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree for the Sale of and absolutely make sale and dispose of all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of His Majesty, of and in the several Tracts, Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, mentioned and described in the said Schedule (D.) to this Act, being Part of His Majesty's said Forest of Dean9 for the best Prices or Considerations in Money, which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, shall be able to procure for the same; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such last mentioned Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by this Act to be raised in the Books of the Governor and "Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commissioners, being The Navy Timber Nursery Fund" Account, and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes as the other Monies herein after directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the same Account, are hereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

% o. 3. c. 37.*XI. And Whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Act

in- 4 of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of The Crown for the time being, was empowered to fell Lands belonging to The Crown dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70.

to The Crown: And Whereas Doubts have arisen, what are to be considered small Quantities of Land within the Scope and Meaning of the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and he or they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Warrant or Writing under their Hands, to ascertain, determine and declare, what Lands are comprized within the said recited Act, and are thereby made falcable under the Denomination of Lands dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to The Crown.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Sums for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied as aforesaid, the Monies from time to time arising or which shall or may arise from the Sale of any Manors or Lordships belonging to The Crown, which consist of Manorial Rights and Quit Rents without any Lands or with very small Quantities of Land belonging to them, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and of Lands dispersed in small Quantities and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to The Crown, and of any other Hereditaments authorized by the Eleventh Section of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to be sold, shall be paid into the Bank, and placed to the said Account herein after directed to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be intituled u The Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being M The Navy Timber Nursery Fund" Account; and all such Monies shall he applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes as the other Monies herein after directed to be paid into the same Account are herein after directed to be paid, applied and disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the said Waste Lands in Wales, or in the said Forest of Dean> hereby authorized to be sold, or for any such Manors, Lordships, Manorial Rights, Quit Rents or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof a Certificate under their Hands or his Hand, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty oue Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the Caftiiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule (B.) to this Act, or as near thereto as the

t9 circumstances

25S

Treasury empowered to determine what are fniall Quantities of Land.

After Money raised, Monies to arise from Sale of Manorial Rights, Quit Rents, Sic. laid out in Lands for Growth of Timber.

Purchasers to have Certificate* &c. for Purchase Money, which Certificates shall he inrolled in Oilice of Auditor of I*and Revenue, &c.

2$6

C. 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Stamp Duty.

circumstances of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate^ be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Lands or Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Enrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, shall by force and virtue of this Act be and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Possession of the Waste Lands, Manor*, Lordships, Manorial Rights, Quit Rents, Lands or other Hereditaments so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heir* or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same, if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, by one of the Principal Clerks, or other Officers, in their or his Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed; and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the said Caftiier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void; and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General shall, for any reasonable Cause to him or them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General are and is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and to apply Monies may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing the anil.1? from said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from time to time to make sale and dispose of and transfer all and singular the said Bank Annuities, so directed to be respectively transferred into their Names as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to apply the Monies thence arising (after first paying the same into the Bank of England, as next herein after mentioned;

for

Purchase Money not paid into the Bank within time limited.

[Penalty.]

Commissioneri

Sale of Bank Annuities to Purposes of 53 G. 3 C.I2I

A.D. 18i 4.

*57

54 GEO. III. C. 70.

for and towards carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit the said Commissioners to make such Sales and Transfers of the said Bank Annuities from time to time accordingly.

XVI. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts which shall be received by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall from time to time, within Two Days after the same shall have been received, or within Two Days after any Bill shall have been accepted, completed and perfected, if the same shall not be accepted, completed and perfected at the time it shall be received by the said Commissioners, be paid by them into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt or Acknowledgment in Writing of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a futhcient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts, so to be paid to the said Governor and Company, shall from time to time be placed to the Account raised or to be raised pursuant to the said last mentioned Act, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled 4< The Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's " Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being " The New Street Account, " and shall be applied and disposed of by them the said Conumilioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and towards the carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the fjud recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* to reserve out of the Monies to be received by them by virtue of this Act, for casual and ordinary Payments, for the Purposes of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Hands of any private Banker, to be nominated by any Writing under the Hand of the said Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, a Sum not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, to be drawn by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and if at any time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from time to time to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds by Draft under their Hands upon the Funds to be deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the ieign of His present Majesty, shall make all Payments required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England, by Drafts under their Hands on the said Bank; and shall (pedfy on each such Draft, the particular Service, Salary or other 5+GsO* III. S Charge,

Monies pnid into Bank.

Commissioners may retain a Sum for current Expences in Hands of private Banker.

Payments mad# by Drafts oq Bank.

2J8

C 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Drafts Authority to Bank.

Commissioners to render an Account to Treasury.

Monies received for Rents, fee. anydied for Pur-pol'es of

53 *3* c.iai.

Charge, Purpose or Cause for which such Draft shall be given: and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof, a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpose or Cause, for which such Draft shall be given.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but pot otherwise, shall be fufRcient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them; and that the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable, either collectively or individually, for any Money which they the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Commissioners.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall from time to time render and give an Account to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of the Amount of all Monies which shall be raised or received by them by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of all such Monies 5 and the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine or cause to be examined every such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and to transmit and return the same so approved to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid, shall be a full and suficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for executing the said Act, from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, XJfage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rents, Fines, Bank Annuities, Dividends and other the Monies by this respectively directed to be paid, transferred and made over to or raised by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall

I w 22; 5 si 1

from time to time be applied by them for and towards carrying the ' - " a Fund in Aid <3* the several Purposes thereof into Execution, and as a Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thou land Pounds, thereby authorized to be raised on Mortgage^ until such time as the said Two Sums shall be raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied.

A.D. 1ti4*

sv GEO. III.

C70.

*59

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it farther enacted, That not withstan ding any thing hereinbefore or in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty contained, if the said Lord High Treasurert or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, shall deem k expedient that any Part or Parts of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the Bank Annuities hereinbefore directed to be transferred or made over to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, for the Purposes of the same Ad, or any Part of the Rents, Balances, Fines, Dividends and Land Revenue of The Crown, hereby directed to be paid and made over to the said last mentioned Commissioners from time to time, shall, in dead of being applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year as aforesaid, be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, to be used or employed for the public Purpose herein after mentioned; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, from time to time to direct that such Part or Parts of the said Monies as it shall be thought expedient so to lay out in the Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be carried over or transferred from the Account directed by the said last mentioned Act to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Emrlaud, to an Account to be raised immediately after the pairing of this Act, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be intituled The Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being The Navy Timber Nursery Fund 5" and the same shall be thereupon forthwith carried over to such Account accordingly; and the same, when so carried over, and all and every other the Sum and Sujns hereby directed or authorized to be paid m or placed, or which shall hereafter by any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise be directed or authorized to be paid in or placed to the said last mentioned Account, shall be by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty* Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, applied, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the being, in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Property of Individuals, or in the Purchase of any Rights of Individuals, where the Reversion of such Rights shall be veiled in His Majesty, to or over any Lands which shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or of the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces for the time being, he ht and proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber for the Service of His Majesty's Navy; and all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Rights shall, when so purchased, be held by and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors j and all such Lands shall be used and employed for the Growth and Cultivation of Timber for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

JIL And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the A-ccouqt so hereby directed to be raised in the Books of the Gover-

S z nor

Treasury fhty authorise Application of Part of Montes paid for Purchase of Lands, for CuU tiviition of Timber.

Account when t* be transferred.

i6o C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Powers of

50 G.3. c 65. 12. exit ndul to Acc Hints under Act.

Act not to prejudice Power of raising Money by Mortgage*

nor and Company of the Bank as aforesaid, shall be raised, all such Sums of Money as shall then remain upon or to the Credit of the Account herein after mentioned, being < The Woods and Forest Fund, " applicable to the Purchase of Lands to be used for the Growth and Cultivation of Timber for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, shall be transferred or carried over to the said Account so hereby directed to be raised as aforesaid, and to be intituled The Navy Timber Nursery Fund, " as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Indemnities, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Directions, Pains and Penalties, contained in and imposed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of t)>e Land Revenues of The Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's lVoods> Eorests, Parks and Chaces, touching the Account thereby directed to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being " The Woods and Foreil Fund, " shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to the Account directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be intituled The Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being The New Street Account as also to the Account so hereby directed to be raised, to be intituled The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " being " The " Navy Timber Nursery Fund" as aforesaid, so far as the same shall or may be applicable thereto respectively; and shall be acted upon, observed, applied and put in Execution, with regard to all Monies, Bills and Drafts, to be paid in to such last mentioned Accounts respectively, and to the making all Payments to be made thereout, and the Drafts to be drawn for such Payments, the Forms to be observed in regard thereto, and the Particulars to be specified therein, and the transferring, carrying over and veiling of the said Sums, Bills and Drafts, in case of the Death, Resignation or Removal of any One or more of the said respective Commissioners, into or in any new Commissioner or Commissioners, and any surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, or any new Commissioner or Commissioners only; and touching the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand-writing of any or either of the said Commissioner for the time being, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the obtaining any of the Monies, Buis or Drafts, so to be paid into either of the said Accounts, or the uttering or publishing any such Drafts, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been here repeated and specially enacted with reference to each of such Accounts, and the Monies, Bills and Drafts, to be paid into or drawn out of the same Accounts respectively.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or in any wise be conilru-ed to extend to defeat, alter or prejudice all or any of the Powers

13 given

261

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70.

given by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds by Mortgage, so that no more shall be raised in the whole under the Provisions of this Act, or by Mortgage under the Provisions of the said recited Act, than the Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Warrant or Autho- Suirs ^y rity of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His f

Majesty's Treasury for the time being, under his or their Hand or rca, ury* Hands, or under the Hands of any Three of them, for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, by Mortgage, Loan, Alignment of Rents, Sale, or other wise, in Part of the said respective Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, shall be a sufficient Warrant or Authority to the Person or Persons advancing the same; that the Sum or Sums to be expressed in or authorized by such Warrant or Warrants to be raised, do or doth still remain to be raised under or by virtue of the Powers of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act; and that the Person or Persons, Bodies Persons ad-Pontic or Corporate, or Companies advancing the same, shall not vanciii/ Money be bound to enquire what Sum or Sums of Money have or hath indemnified, been previously raised, or do or doth remain to be raised, under the Powers or Provisions of the said last mentioned Act or of this Act; but that the Sum or Sums of Money in or by every such Warrant expressed or authorized to be raised, shall be deemed and taken, so far as respects the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies advancing or paying the same, to be a Sum or Sums yet remaining to be raised under the Powers and Provisions of the said last mentioned Act and this Act, over and above all other Monies which shall have been previously raised by virtue of the said last mentioned Act or of this Act, or of the Powers or Authorities therein or herein contained; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the to certify when Reign of His present Majesty shall, and they are hereby required, Sums authorized when and as soon as the said Sums of Five hundred thousand be raised by Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been raised, arC

and thereafter fully paid and satisfied as aforesaid, to certify the same by Writing under their Hands, to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and also to the Auditors for the time being of His Majesty's Laud Revenues; and then and from thenceforth all and every the Clauses,

Powers, Provisions, Articles, Matters and Things in this Act contained, so far as the same regard the raising of the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof respectively, shall cease and determine.

XXVIII. And Whereas it would tend to facilitate the raising 53 G ?. c. 121. 4 the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred 44- 80.

thousand Pounds, authorised to be raised by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if

S3 4 the

262

C. 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Commissioners empowered to Eiiie Money by l>o.m on Credit of Land Revenue,

Corporate Funds advanced on Credit of Land Revenues.

Loans made with Approbation of Treasury.

the Commissioners for executing the said Act were enabled to raise

the same, or any Part thereof, by Loan or Loans upon the

Credit of the whole Land Revenues of The Crown Be it there* fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Restricfion or Clause contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding what shall then remain to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of The Crown.

XXIX. And be it further declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies (other than and except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, The Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seat and other Parts of America, and The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, not exceeding what shall then remain to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners for executing the said last mentioned Act, upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues of The Crown; so as that all such Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose 5 and every such Loan so to be made shall be deemed to be, and the same is hereby declared to be a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the said Land Revenues of The Crown shall be deemed and taken to be, and are hereby declared to be a Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenues of His Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the respective Sums authorized by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid to be raised, is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Charter, Bye-Law, Statute or Ordinance, whereby any Monies arc authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parliamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenue of his Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan is granted by Parliament; and every such Loan shall be good, valid and effectual; any Provision contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye-Law or Ordinance to the conttiryia any wife not with handing.

Goo'


A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70. 263

XXX. And be it further enacted, That aH and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, who shall agree to lend any Money upon the Credit of the said Revenue, shall receive a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

: int pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Certificate of Lord High Treasurer [or, from the Lords Commissioners of Loan.

His Majesty's Treasury, as the case shall be 1 bearing Date the

Day of We, A. and B.

Two of the Commissioners for executing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [insert the Title of the recited Act of the Fifty third Tear aforesaid J in exercise of the Powers veiled in us by the said Act, and by

another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act-\ do hereby certify, that C. D [insert the Name, Title or Description, of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by whom or on whose Behalf the Loan is to be advanced,] hath [or,

have] contrafted and agreed to advance and lend to the said Commissioners for executing the said Acts, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of The Crown the Sum of

to be applied by them for and to-

wards the carrying the several Purposes thereof into Execution;

which Sum is to be paid by the said C.Z). to one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues,

being M The New Street AccountAnd from and immediately after the Payment of the same in manner aforesaid, the said Sum of shall by virtue of the said Acts become and be a Loan charged upon the whole of the Land Revenues of The Crown; and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to the Repayment of the said Capital Sum so to be advanced, and to the Payment of Interest for the same, or for so much of the said Principal Sum as shall from time to time remain unpaid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum (or lesser Rate, as the case may 4 be), to be computed from the time the same shall be so advanced,

and to be paid without any Deduction save the Property Tax for the time being) by Half-yearly Payments, until the whole of the said Principal Sum, and Interest thereon, shall be fully paid and discharged. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and /

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by one of the Secrets- Certificate to be ries or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and the Cashiers of the witnessed. Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate or Certificates, accept and receive the Sum or Sums therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward; and the Receipt to be given by the Cashier of the Bank at the Foot or Receipt.

S 4 oa

Form.

Certificate and Receipt inrolled.

Evidence.

I.oans charged on I, and Revenues.

I.oans and Deeds exempted from Stamp Duties.

Transfer of Certificates, &c.

C. 7*. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

on the Back of such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be $ that is to say,

J> ECE1VED the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and of and from

A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Sum to be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the above Certificate, and which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being " The New Street Account."

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.*

Which said Certificate and Receipt shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrolment, and a Minute or Extract thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing the said last mentioned Act and this Act; and every such Certificate and Receipt, when so given, granted and inrolled, shall be and they are hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Advance of every such Loan, and of the Day or Time of the making such Advance.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when every such Certificate and Receipt shall be so signed and inrolled, and entered as aforesaid, every such Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof shall be so acknowledged as aforesaid, shall be and the same is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the said Land Revenues of The Crown j and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to the Payment of the same, and the Interest thereof, in such manner as is hereby directed; and such Interest shall be from thenceforth paid and satisfied out of the said Revenues, at the time or times and in the manner mentioned and appointed for the Payment thereof in and by every such Certificate; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to pay such Interest from time to time, when and as the same shall become due and payable, out of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, prior to any other Application thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Loan which shall be advanced, nor any Certificate which shall be made thereof, by virtue of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsover imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless such Loan or Certificate be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, entitled to the Monies advanced or remaining due from time to time upon any such Certificate in respect of any such Loan as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administra-torsj Successors or Assigns, at any time, by Writing under his or

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70* 265

their Hands and Seals, or under the Seal of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, to transfer such Certificate and the Money remaining due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever 5 and every such Transfer may be in the Form or to the Effect following

J A.B.

[or. We ] being entitled to the Sum of by virtue of a Certificate bearing

1 Date the Day of under the Hands

and Seals of Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues acting in Execution of an Act, made

in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 53 G. 3. c. iai.

intituled [here set forth the Title of the former and of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty, intituled ' \fbere set forth the Title of this ^<S], upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of The Crown, do hereby transfer all my [or,

our] Right and Interest in and to the same Sum, and all Interest now due and to arise or accrue due thereon, unto

his [or, her or their] Executors, Administrators,

[or, Successors] and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And every such Transfer or Assignment shall be inrolled in the Office Transfer

of the Auditor of the Land Revenue of The Crown, for the County inrolled.

of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees; 'and a Minute or

Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land

Revenues; and an Extract or Memorial thereof shall be entered in

a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, which Extract or Memorial shall Memorial.

specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of

Money thereby transferred; to which Book any Person interested

shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of One Guinea and no

more; and every such Transfer, after such Entry shall be made Inspection of

thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons, Bodies Poli- Entries.

tic or Corporate and Companies, to w hom the same shall be made, and Fee*

his or her Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to the

Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, and to receive the

Money due thereon, when the same shall become payable, and the

Interest thereof in the mean time.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That* whenever any Sum Fund created for or Sums of Money shall hereafter be raised by Loan, upon the Repayment of Credit of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, for the Pur- Money bor-poses aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, the Lord High Treasurer, rowed* or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, out of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, after Payment of the Interest to accrue due and payable upon such Loan or Loans, and prior to any other Application of the said Revenues, yearly and every Year to appropriate and set apart a Sum equal to One Fortieth Part of the Principal Amount of every such Loan, which Sum shall from time to time be laid out by equal Proportions Half yearly, by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being,

m

36(5

C. 70.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Application of Fuud.

Payment in-

in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or in any o^her of the Public Funds transferrable at the Bank of England; and all such Annuities and Funds so to be purchased, shall be transferred to a Separate Account, to be intituled The " Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, " being M The New Street accumulating Fund Account 5" to which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Annuities or Stocks so to be purchased, and to permit the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive the Dividends and Interest to accrue due thereon, which Dividends and Interest shall be laid out in like manner from time to time in the Purchase of like Annuities or Stock; and the Dividends or Interest on all such Accumulations shall be alfa received and applied in like manner until the said Funds shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge the whole of the said principal Loan or Loans; and that when and as soon as the said Fund shall be fufli- % cient for that Purpose, the said Bank Annuities shall be sold, assigned, transferred and disposed of by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the Monies to arise from such Sales shall be applied to the Discharge of every such Loan accordingly.

XXXV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having the said principal Loan or Loans discharged by Instalments, and shall give Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing of such their Desire to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, then and in such case the said lad mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered and required when and as soon as the said last mentioned Fund shall have accumulated to an Amount sufficient to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the Principal of every such Loan or Loans, to sell and dispose of the said Bank Annuities, or a sufficient Part thereof, to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the said principal Loan or Loans, and to pay and apply the Monies arising thereby in the Payment and Discharge of such Part of the said Principal Loan or Loans accordingly; and to make like Sales and Payments from time to time, when and as often as the said Fund shall be sufficient to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the Principal of every such Loan or Loans, until the whq}e of the Principal of every such Loan shall be fully paid and discharged 5 and every such Payment so to be made as

licate.

Form.

M Miwin in / 1 o w 4 4-- 

dor ft d on Certi- aforesaid, shall be acknowledged by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, receiving the same, by Indorsement upon every such Certificate; which Indorsement may be in the Words or Figures, or to the Effect following:

T [<?r We] do hereby acknowledge to have this Day received of 4 5 and from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,

the Sum of in Part (or, in full as

the case may he) Payment and Discharge of the Capital Loan or

Sum mentioned in the above (or, within) Certificate. Witness my

Hand, [or, our Hands] this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

1 Signed in the Presence of .*

1 And

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70. 167

And an Entry shall be made thereof in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the County of MiJJlssex, and in the Office of His Majesty's Woods, Foreila and Land Revenues, and also in the proper Books kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners wherein the Entry of such original Loan or Loans shall be nade: And the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to make all such Sales, Alignments, Transfers and Dispositions of the said Bank Annuities, as they the said Commissioners (kail think proper or require from time to time, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall be desirous of redeeming or discharging any such Loan or Loans, or any Part or Parts of any such Loan or Loans (such Part or Parts not being less than One Tenth Part of the whole Amount of any such Loan or Loans) at any other time or times, or by any other means or in any othar manner, than at the time or times, or by the means or in the manner hereinbefore provided for the Payment or Discharge thereof, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any thing hereinbefore contained, to and for the said lad mentioned Commissioners so to do* upon giving to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans in respect of which any such Payment shall be meant and intended to be made. Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing of their Desire and Intention to make such Payment $ which Notice may be in the Form or to the Effect following

WE, Three

of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High 1 Treasurer, do hereby give you Notice, that We are desirous of re- deeming or discharging the Sum of

being One Part (or, the Whole, as the

' case may be) of the Loan or Capital Sum due to you on the Credit 1 of the Land Revenues of The Crown, by virtue of a Certificate, 1 bearing Date the Day of

1 and that We intend to make such Payment of

1 the said Sam of to you on

1 the Day of next

1 ensuing the Date hereof. Given under our Hands, this Day of

And in case any such Notice or Notices shall be so given, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at the time to be appointed in every such Notice, to make Payment accordingly of the Sum to be expressed in every such Notice; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any such Money shall be due or belong, shall accordingly receive the same at the time or times so to be appointed for the Payment thereof, ia Discharge of every such Loan or Loans, or in Discharge of so much thereof as shall be so proposed to be paid off or discharged; a id upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums so expressed in every such Notice, and of the Interest thereof, at the Day or Time

to

Entry of In-doi lement.

Bank to permit Sales, See.

Treasury empowered to redeem on giving Six Calendar Months Notice.

Nodce.

Payments to be made according to Notice.

Interest to cease on Payment or Tender.

268

Treasury on Notice may tell Bank Annuities aril'en from Appropriations.

Treasury and Commissioners of Woods may accept Stock, receive Dividends, &c. by Power of Attorney.

S3 G. 3. c. iai.

C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

to be appointed in and by every such Notice for the Payment thereof, the Interest in respect of every such Sum or Sums which shall be so paid or tendered, shall from thenceforth cease and be no longer paid or payable: And in case any such Notice shall be so given as aforesaid, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, to sell and dispose of all the Bank Annuities which shall then have arisen or accumulated, or been produced by or from the Appropriation which shall have been made in respect of any such Loan or Loans in pursuance of the Directions herein contained, or of so much thereof as shall be requisite or necessary to make any such Payment or Payments, and to apply the Monies to arise by any such Sale or Sales in the making such Payment accordingly; and every such Payment so to be made as aforesaid, shall be acknowledged by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, receiving the same, by Indorsement upon every such Certificate, which Indorsement may be in the Form hereinbefore directed, and a like Entry shall be made thereof in the several Offices hereinbefore mentioned, as is and are hereinbefore provided and directed in the case of any Payments to be made in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be given by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Annuities or Funds by this Act directed to be sold, assigned, transferred or disposed of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall and may be so fold, assigned, transferred or disposed, by any Three or more of them, or by any Person or Persons to be appointed by them or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that all Dividends directed by this Act, or the said recited Act of the said Fifty third Year, to be paid to or received by them, shall and may be paid to or received by any Three or more of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by them or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested in like manner; and that all Bank Annuities or Funds by this Act di-reded or authorized to be sold, assigned, transferred and disposed off by the said Commissioners for executing the said last mentioned Act, or by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall and may be sold, assigned, transferred or disposed of, by the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any Two or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that all Dividends directed by this Act, or the said recited Act of the said Fifty third Year, to be paid to or received by the said last mentioned CommissionerB, shall and may be paid to or received by any Two or more of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, or any Two or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested in like manner; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to permit all such Sales, Assignments, Transfers and Dif-pofltions to be so madei and all such Dividends to be so paid or received as aforesaid*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70. 269

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Forcing, Sec. Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be Transfer*, fcc. forced, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly and wilfully act or afliil in forging, counterfeiting or altering the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in or to any Transfer of any Bank Annuities or Funds by this Act authorized or directed to be sold, assigned, transferred or disposed of, or to any Receipt or Discharge for any Dividends or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, Warrant or other Instrument, to fell, assign, transfer or dispose of any such Bank Annuities or Funds or to receive any Dividends or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, Draft, Warrant, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money which is or shall be in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any other Person or Persons, under any of the Provisions of this Act, or shall produce, utter or publish any such Letter of Attorney, Draft, Warrant, Instrument or Writing, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said Governor and Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Be- Death, nefat of Clergy.

XXXIX. And Whereas by several Acts of Parliament which

have been passed for the disafforesting certain Forests belonging to

His Majesty, and for the inclosing divers Commons, Open and

Waste Lands, over which His Majesty had Forestal, Manorial or other Rights, or in which He was otherwise interested, Powers have been given to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to the Commissioners of

His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Sur*

1 veyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces,

or to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of The Crown,

for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Lords Commissioners for the time being, of His Majesty's Treasury, to contract and purchase, for and on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors from any Purlieu Owners, or any other Persons who should be entitled to any Allotments of Land under such Acts, or from any other Owners or Proprietors of Lands, all or any Part of their respective Lands, or of the Allotments to be made to them in respect thereof, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

to the intent that such Lands, when so jfurchafed, should be ap- propriated to the Growth and Preservation of Timber; and also to purchase all or any of the Timber, Underwood, Bushes or Thoms, which were or should be Handing or growing upon the same Lands: And Whereas the said Provisions nave been and may be in a great Measure frustrated, by reason that such Acts do not extend to enable any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate or any Person or Persons having only a partial or qualified Interest in any

of the Lands or Allotments so to be purchased, or any Committees,

Guardians or Trustees, or others, acting for Persons who are or

may

*7 C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Bodies Politic, &c. may agree with Commissioners of Woods, &c. for Sale of Lands, to The Crown.

may be under Disabilities or incapable of acting for themselves, to9contrail for the Sale of, or to fell or convey the same Allotments

or Lands: And Whereas, from the great and increasing Difficulty of9procuring a sufficient Supply of Timber for the Use oFHis Majesty*

Navy, it would be of great public Utility if such Body or Bodies

Politic or Corporate, or other Person and Persons as aforesaid, were

enabled to fell (if they or the Persons acting on their behalf, as

herein after mentioned, shall think fit so to doj, all or any of their

Allotments under such Acts, or any other or their Lands or Hereditaments for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in order to be set apart for the Growth and Cultivation of such9Timber as aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others, having a partial or qualified Interest or Estate in any Lands or other Hereditaments which have been or shall be set out or allotted (under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts already passed or hereafter to be passed for disafforesting any Forests belonging to His Majesty, or for inclosing any Lands wherein His Majesty had or has any such Forestal, Manorial or other Rights as hereinbefore mentioned) to or for any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, or which shall have devolved or shall devolve upon or be or become vested in any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, after the same shall have been so allotted or set out, or in any other Lands or Hereditaments; and also for all Husbands, Femes Covert, Committees of Lunatics or Idiots, Guardians of Infants or Minors, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charities or other Purposes, Executors and Administrators and all other Persons whomsoever, not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, but also on behalf of their respective Wives and Ccjluiqut Trulls, whether Lunatics, Idiots, Issue unborn, Femes Covert or other Persons incapable to act for themselves, seized or entitled in Possession, ReverGon, Remainder or by way of Executory Devise, of or unto or other wise interested in any Lands or Hereditaments already allotted or hereafter to be allotted under the Authority of any such Ad or A 61s as aforesaid, or of, unto or in any other Lands or Hereditaments whatsoever; to contrail and agree (if they shall think fit so to do) with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty* Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with thie Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, for and on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the absolute Sale of, and -under the Regulations and Restrictians herein after mentioned, to sell and convey to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all or any of the said Lands or Hereditaments which have been or shall hereafter be allotted to any such Body Politic or Corporate, oar Person or Persons as aforesaid, under or by virtue of any such Act or Ad8 of Parliament as aforesaid, or which shall have devolved upon or have become vested in any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, after the same are or shall be so allotted, and all or any other the Lands or Hereditament which such Body

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 70. 27 f

Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, are or is, or shall be seized of, entitled to or interested in as aforesaid, which shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues, or of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, be Stand proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber, together with the Timber, Underwood, Bullies and Thorns, {landing and growing thereon.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any such Lands or He- Lands valued reditaments as aforesaid shall be con traced for or agreed to be sold to upon Oath, and or for the Use of His Majesty as aforesaid, the Value thereof, and of not lol<! below all the Timber, Underwood, Bushes and Thoms, growing or being Valuation, thereon, shall be ascertained by Two able practical Surveyors of Land one of whom shall be nominated by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and the other by the Body Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons con tracing or agreeing to sell the same; and if such Two Surveyors shall not agree in the Valuation thereof, then by such Third Surveyor of Land as the Two so appointed shall for that Purpose nominate; and each of the said Two Surveyors (if they shall agree in and make their Valuation, or if not then the Surveyor so to be nominated by them as aforesaid) shall annex to their or his Survey,

Estimate or Valuation, when completed, an Oath (ot being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) to be subscribed by him, and taken before and certified by any Justice of the Peace or Magi (Irate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorized to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that behalf; the Form whereof shall be as follows

1 T A.B do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That Oath.

*the Survey, Estimate or Valuation, hereunto annexed, was faith*

fufly*|* impartially made by me, and that the Value of the Property f Sic.

therein described, is justly estimated therein, according to the best ' of my Skill and Judgment 5 and that all the Particulars Hated therein are true, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.*

Which Oath or Affirmation, when so subscribed, taken and certified Filed*

shall be filed with the said Survey, Estimate or Valuation, in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being;

And the Price or Consideration to be paid or given for the Purchase Price not to be of such Lands or Hereditaments shall in no case be less than the Sum, ds than at which the same shall be estimated and valued in such Survey, Efti- male, n SurveJT* mate or Valuation as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Conveyance of any Purchased Lands and Hereditaments to be sold and conveyed to His Majesty Land* conveyed in pursuance of this Act, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect to His Majesty contained in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act, Or as near and similar thereto as circumstances will permit; and every such Con-  "

veyance shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatsoever; and stamp Duty, shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land

Revenues,

Lands appropriated for Growth of Timber.

Ecclesiastical Persons entitled to Fines, compensated for Deprivation thereof by means of Sties. '

C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Revenues, who shall receive and be paid the usual Fees for inrolling the same, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall also be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces for the time being; and all such Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Act or Acts of Parliament, Practice, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased on behalf of, and conveyed to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, shall be appropriated for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber.

XLII. And Whereas it is just and reasonable that if any Arch- bishop, Bishop, Mailer and Fellows of any College, Dean and Chapter of any Cathedral, or Collegiate Church, Master or Guardian of any Hospital, Prebendary, or any other Person or Persons having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion, shall, by virtue of this Act or otherwise, agree for the Sale of, and fell to or for the Use of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any of the Lands or Hereditaments so already allotted or to be allotted to,

or which shall have devolved or shall devolve to any such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, should be considered as having had the same Right of leafing for Three Lives or Twenty one Years, such Lands so allotted or to be allotted, or which have devolved or shall devolve to him or them as aforesaid, as he or they had or have of demifing or leafing the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall have been made or claimed, at or under a Yearly Rent, to be apportioned after the same Rate per Acre as the Rent reserved in any subsisting Lease or Leases of such other Lands and Hereditaments as the accustomed Yearly Rent thereof; and that such Person or Persons,

Body Politic or Corporate, should be compensated for the Loss he*4 or they may sustain, by reason of such Sale or Sales, of any Fine he or they might otherwise have had or taken for the Grant or Renewal of any Lease or Leases for the Term of Three Lives or Twenty one Years, at and under such Rent of the Lands so to be sold as aforesaid; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That if any such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall by means of any such Sale or Sales lose or be deprived of any Benefit which such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, would or might otherwise have received or taken by way of Fine for the Grant or Renewal of any Lease or Leases of any of such Lands or Hereditaments as shall be so sold as aforesaid, then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, for his and their particular Use, such Share or Proportion of the Sum or Sums of Money payable as the Consideration for such Sale or Sales, as Two indifferent Persons, one of them to be nominated by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, and the other

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

*73

br the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, so contracting; a.nd in case the Two Persons so chosen shall not agree, then as such Third Person, whom the Two so chosen shall for that Purpos*nominate, shall adjudge and determine to be a just and reasonable Compensation to the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, seeking the same, for any such Benefit which he or they shall have been or may be deprived of by means of any such Sale or Sales, or shall lose or forego on account thereof; in estimating which Com- Compensation pensation, in every case in which no specific Rent shall be directed, lo; v vitwiuted. by the Act or Acts of Parliament under which such Allotment or Allotments shall have been or shall be set out or made to be referred on the granting any Lease or Leases thereof, the same Average Rent per Acre shall be reserved in any subsisting Lease or Leases granted by such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, of the Lands or Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotment or Allotments shall be or shall have been made, shall be deemed and taken to have been the accustomed Yearly Rent which would and ought to have been reserved in any Lease or Leases which would or might hare been granted or renewed of any such Lands or Hereditaments to be sold as aforesaid if no such Sale or Sales had been made, or if any Lease or Leases had been made or granted thereof previous to any such Sale or Sales; and the Receipt or Receipts of Receipts for the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, entitled to such Compensation. Compensation, or of his or their Executors or Administrators, shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Money so paid, or for so much thereof as shall be therein expressed to have been received.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Money Such Parts of to arile by the Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments so Monies as are to be sold by any such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, la, d out, n l>ur-ueder the Authority of this Act, as shall not be paid and applied j ^jsLvcrted b^way of such Compensation as aforesaid, or which shall be payable or j; iposed of in as the Value of any Timber, Underwood, Bullies and Thorns mem time ac-erovring thereon, shall be applied and disposed of in such or the cording to Di-like manner, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons, Body Po- re^, 0, is 111 htic or Corporate, interested in such Monies respectively, as by an 4* G. 3. (U.K.) Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present C, I9*

Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One A SI certain Proviftotu usually inserted in A SI: of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the pqfing of such Acts, is directed in respect of any Money to be paid Tor the Parchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or* Wood growing thereon, and winch Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands or Hereditaments so fold or exchanged, or on which such Timber grew, were limited, settled or assured.

XLIV. And Whereas various Persons/have or claim to be entitled to Common of Eftovers for Firewood, to be bad or taken in and from the Woods of certain of His Majesty's Forests or late Forests, to be used or consumed in the Dwelling Houses, Cot- tages or Ancient Tenements, to which such Fuel Rights do appertain; and under Pretext of the Exercise of such Rights, great

54 GEO. III.

T

Depre-

274

Bodies Politic or Corporate, Guard'ans, Committees and Trustees acting for Per ions under Disabilities, enabled to central v ith Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, &c. for Sale of Fuel Right*.

Tenant for Life.

C. 70. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Depredations have been and do continue to be committed in His Majesty's Woods to the Timber and Trees growing the rein; and it would tend greatly to the Preservation of such Timber and Trees, if such Fuel Rights could be effectually extinguished: And

Whereas many of the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights are willing and desirous to fell or commute the same for an adequate Price or Consideration; and although it would be desirable to purchase the same for and on behalf of His Majesty, yet by reason that such Fuel Rights are ia general of small Value, and held by many different Proprietors, and that the Tenements, to which such Rights are appurtenant, are in some cases in Settlement, and in others are held by Persons who are under Disabilities, or incapable of making any valid Surrender or Extinguishment of such Rights, and the same cannot be surrendered to His Majesty, or extinguished, by any of the ordinary Modes of Conveyance, without great Expence; whereby the Purchase of such Rights is very much obstructed and impeded, and such Difficulties cannot be removed without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore further enabled, That whensoever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, for the time being, shall, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, for the Purchase or Extinguishment of any such Common of Eftovers or Fuel Rights as aforesaid, whether the Person so contracting with the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General shall be entitled thereto absolutely or for any qualified or partial Estate, or as the Hu (band, Committee or Trustee of any Person or Persons under any of the Incapacities or Disabilities hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General for the time being, to pay the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of such Rights to the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, so contracting for the Sale thereof, or to apply and dispose thereof in manner herein after mentioned; and such Person or Persons so contracting shall thereupon give a Certificate of such Contract, and of the Payment of the Consideration Money for the Purchase of such Rights, which shall be made according to the Form contained in the Schedule (C.) to this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances will permit; and upon Payment of such Sum of Money, and the signing such Certificate, all such Fuel Rights and Rights of Common of Eftovers for Firewood, as shall be m or by every such Certificate, or any Schedule thereto, expressed to be sold, released or extinguished, shall from thenceforth and immediately thereupon become and be emerged and extinguished in the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Woods, and be for ever thereafter vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown, without any Bargain and Sale, Fine, Recovery, Deed or other Conveyance thereof whatsoever; any Statute, Custom, Law, Practice or Ufuage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons making such Sale or Sales shall be only Tenant for Life or in Tail, or entitled only to some qualified or partial Interest therein, then the

Money

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 70.

275

Money to be paid upon such Sale or Sales shall be applied and

disposed of in such and the like manner as is directed by the said

hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty's 41 G. 5. (U. K)

Reign, with respect to any Monies which ought to be laid out in c. ic<;. 30.

the Purchase of Lands as hereinbefore mentioned, or shall be paid

to fume Trustees or Trustee legally authorized or empowered to

receive th? same, by any Settlement, Will or Deed relating the reto

and all such Certificates as aforesaid shall be exempt from any Stamp Stamp Duty.

Duty whatsoever.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Prmifo for nothing herein contained shall extend, or in any wise be construed to Powers of s da repeal, restrain, abridge, alter, prejudice or affect any Power or Powers or Enhance given by any or either of the said recited Acts of Parliament, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now subsisting for the Sale or Exchange of any Manors, Lordships, Buildings, Lands, Manorial or other Rights, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, or for leafing the same; but all such Powers shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty second 3. c. 161. ' Year of His Majesty's Reign for enabling His Majesty to grant ' Leases under certain circumstances, and for other Purposes therein ' mentioned, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and c Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods

and Forests for the time being, under the Authority of the Lord 1 High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, are empowered to grant Leases, under the Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned, of certain Parts of the Royal Forests, and of certain Purpreftures and Encroachments within such Forests: And Whereas no Provision is

contained in the said last mentioned Act for exempting such Leases

from Stamp Duty: And Whereas, in order to encourage Persons to accept and take such Leases, it is expedient that they should be rendered as little expensive to the Parties taking the same as possible

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Leases granted no Lease or Leases which shall be made, granted or executed, under by virtue any of the Powers or Authorities of the said recited Act of the thereof exempt Fifty second Year aforesaid, or any Counterpart or Counterparts of from Stamp any such Lease or Leases, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp ^utX-Duty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless the same be specially subjected and specially charged in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conveyance to His Majesty.

THESE are to Witness, That C.D. of in

the County of in Consideration of the Sum

paid to him ory them] by tue Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Re-[or, by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Eorcifs, Parks and Chaces, as the case may be] on behalf of His laid t iaydty, in full for the Purgbafe of the Lauds and Hereditaments T 2 here-

A.D. 1814.

C76 C. 70. 54 GEO. III.

herein after described, Doth for, do] by these Presents grant, bargain and fell unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, All that Parcel of Land ['describing //], To have and To Hold the same Ur His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown for ever. In Witness whereof the said C.D. hath [or, have] hereunto set hi Hand [or, their Hands] and Seal [or, Seals] this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Witness to the Execution of the above 7 Conveyance by the said C. Z7. 3

SCHEDULE (B.) to which this Act refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contrasts made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues [or, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, as the case may be.]

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Lauds Revenues, [or, by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Paries and Chaces, as the case may

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of

A.B. and C.D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or, the said Surveyor General] for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have [or, hath] contracted and agreed with A.B. of

for the Sale to the said A.B. of all \Jhcrc deferile the Premises to be fol<f\ at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being " The New Street Account, " for, M The Navy Timber Nursery Fund Account, " [as the case shall *], [and in case of any subji'fling Lease, then the following Words to be added^ subject nevertheless to [here describing when and to whom such Lease was granted, for what Term of Tears cr Lively and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever the said A.B. and his, [her, or their] Heirs, Successors or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by him, [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, and in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heirs or Sucdessors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands [or, his Hand] this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Signed by the aboye named'in the Pre-

fence of

FORM

A.D. 1814.

5 4* GEO. nr.

*77

C. 70.

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above or, within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. (Signed) Cashier.

SCHEDULE (C.) to which this Act refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contract for the Purchase of Fuel Rights.

THESE are to certify, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues [or, the Surveyor General of His Mcjofly's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces] have [or, hath] on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, contrafted and agreed with me [V, us] for the Purchase, Release, Surrender and Extinguishment, of the Quantity [or, several Quantities] of Fuel Wood, and all other Right [or. Rights] of Common of Eftovers for Fire Wood and Fuel, to be had and taken in and from the Woods of His said Majesty, of and in the Forest [or, late Forest] of situate in the County of for or in respect of the Dwelling House, Cottage, Ancient Tenement or Hereditaments [or, of the several Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Ancient Tenements or Hereditaments] mentioned and described in the Shedule hereunder written, at or for the Price or Sum of; which

Sum the said Commissioners [or, Surveyor General] have [or, hath] paid for and on behalf of His Majesty, unto me [or, us] [or, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery] being in full for the Purchase, Release or Extinguishment of such Right [or, all such Rights] of Common of Eftovers for Fire Wood 5 which Right [or, all which Rights] shall for ever hereafter be merged and extinguilhe<F in the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Woods now veiled in His Majesty in Right of His Crown. Witness their Hands [or, his Hand] this Day of

Signed by the above- "J named

in the Presence of us J

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Certificate.

The Number under which the Rights are entered in 1 the Forest Books. Description of the Tenements in respect of which they arise. Quantity of Wood or Number of Loads.

1

*78

C70y 71-

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (D.) to which this Act refers.

LANDS belonging to the Forest of Dean, authorized by tjris Act to be sold.

DESCRIPTIONS of the LANDS.-: By what^Names known or called. Estimated Contents or Quantities thereof.

One Tract or Piece or Par-") cel of Waite Land - J Do. Do. - -Do.: -Do. JL -Do*? -Do* *ft, Or howsoever otherwise the fai or Parcels of Land may be cal Hudnalls The Fence - - ' Mawkins^-The pearc<t: -The: Gtydden. The Walmore -NcAhWhod's Green - d several Tracts, Pieces [led, known or described.*. A. R. P. 1, 200 O O 44 O O 24 O O 102 OO' .*4 0*240 0 0 600 Be their several Con-'tents or Dimensions'* more or le(s.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to revive and continue^ until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manitfacture of..Maidstone Geneva.

[17th June 1814.]

51 G. 3. c. xxx. 4 WHEREAS it is expedient that so much of an Act made in 1*the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, as is for permitting Sir William Bishop and

George Bishop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, and for* charging the lame with certain Duties, Should c beTevived and continued'for a time to be limited 5* Be it therefore^ 4 enacte^ by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tlik present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act fcs- permitted Sir William Bishop and George Bishop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, an^ charged the same with certain Duties, shall be and the same is hereby re-

revived and con- yived, and shall remain and continue ih force from thenceforth until limitd. and Upon^Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

nineteen*

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. in;

c. 7*7 3*79

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for permitting a Trade between 77/<r Untied Provinces and certain Colonies now in His Majesty's Posscftion.

v [17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS it has been deemed proper in the profent circumstances to permit the Subjects of The United Provinces ' to carry on Trade with the Colonies of Surinam, Demerary,

1 Esquiho, Berbice, Curacoa, Saint Eustatia, Saba and Saint Martin>

*ih America and the West Indies, which formerly belonged to the*Government of The United States, but have been furrenefcred to*His Majesty's Arms and are now in His Majesty's Posscftion; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords tSprritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it Subjects of*f shall and may be lawful for any Subject of The United Provinces and United Pro--resident there, in any Ship or Vessel built in the Territory of The vine*s permitted United Provinces, and 6wned by Subjects of The United Provinces, ce^Volonies*and navigated by a Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners, Sub- on Condons jests of the said Province^, or in any British'btnVtShip or Vessel owned herein men-_ and oati rated according to Law, to import into the said Colonies tioned. from The United Provinces, and to export from the said Colonies to The United Provinces, and not directly to any other Place, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as may now by Law be imported into the said Colonies, from Great Britain, or may now by Law be exported from the said Colonies to Great Britain, but no other Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, upon Payment in all cases of the lame Duties as are payable by British Subjects in the said I Hand of Colonies, and upon entering into the same Bonds and complying with the same Conditions and Regulations as in the case of Rich Importation from and Exportation to Great Britain; any thing in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second* intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing 12 Car. 2. c. 18. % f Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.1

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Master or Masters of Vef-Commander of every such Ship or Vessel shall produce to the proper fek to produce Officer of The Customs at the Port of Importation and Exportation, licence from*a Licence from the British Minister resident in The United Provinces, Br'U(h MimlUr. authorizing the Ship or Vessel to proceed on the said Voyage for Inch Importation and Exportation respectivelyv under Pain of the Forfeiture and Penalty provided in the said Act, or in any other Act, for Breach of the Law of Shipping and Navigation in His Majesty's Colonies.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. o " [17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS several>f the Additional Duties of Excise

o panted by an Act ma'de in the Forty third Year of the 43 X}. 3. c. 81.

*Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His

T Majesty,

23o

A.D. 1814.

46 G. 3. c. 39. 46 G. 3. c.ioa.

47 G.3. Sc(T. r. C. 17.

Duties of Excise continued.

Duties how levied.

Application mid Extent of 1 enaltie.'.

C. 73. 54 GEO. III.

Majesty, uni'll Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive

Treaty of Peace, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and certain Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and

Snuff imported into Great Britain, granted by another Act made

in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Duties inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) annexed to another Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said

Majesty's Reign, and certain Additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, granted by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, will expire at certain limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace; and it is expedient to c continue the same in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the same respectively are hereby continued until and upon that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Additional Duties hereby continued shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways or methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by the said Acts respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Draw backs of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedules annexed to the said Acts'shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and the same are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise hereby continued, in as full, ample and beneficial manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Proviiipns, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, respectively were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

A.D. 1814.

C. 74  77-

281

54 GEO. III.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[17th June 1814.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million seven hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Iriflj Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th June 1814.]

44 IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear " Interdt. 1. Bills issued not to exceed 1, 716, 6661. 13s. 4-d.

44 Irish Currency. Bills if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment u of the Revenue in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall " appoint, and Interest shall cease. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund. $4. Bills to be chargeable thereon.

M 5. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of 1, 716, 666 k 13s.

44 4! Irish Currency, on Credit of Ad. 6.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities.

[28th June 1814.]

u 5, 500, 000 Part thereof for Service of Ireland, $19.

[22, 000, 000b raised9 c. 3. ante. See c. 8. ante. 3, 000, 000b for

Service of Ireland, c. 85. post# See c. 89. post. Mistake rectified, f. 139./>*/.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

[28th June 1814.]

Ttf WHEREAS the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last 53 6. 3. c.S^. 4 W Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for repealing the Table A.

Duties payable on the Importation of Wine, the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in iiei1 thereof\ on Wine the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported into this Kingdom, are much lower than the Duties by Law imposed on Wine, other than French Wine, and the Difference of the said Duties may afford a Temptation to illdisposed Persons to import other Wine under Pretence that the same is Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof for the Prevention whereof it is expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Firli Day of November

On

282

Affidavit of ]\ir-ticul.tr Description ot Wine delivered to Cviftom House Officer at Shipping of such Wine at Caj e of Good Hope, Sc C.

Penalty. Proceedings when no Justice of Peace at the Settlement.

C. 77. 54 GEO. Iir. A.D. 1814.

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, any Person or Persons loading on board any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope> or in the Territories or Dependencies thereof, any Wine as of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall before the clearing out of such Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the loading Port an Affidavit, signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, either by the Grower, Maker or Shipper of such Wine, or his or their known Agent cr Factor, expressing, in Words at Length and not in Figures, whether the same is Red Wine or White Wine, and the particular Name by which such Wine is there commonly called or known, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages, specifying such Wine to be of the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, and in which Affidavit the Person who brought or procured such Wine from such Grower or Maker shall join; which Affidavit shall be attested under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace to have been sworn to in his Preftnce, and such Justice is hereby required so to attest the same without Fee or Reward; and the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered, shall thereupon, without Fee or Reward, grant to the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel a Certificate under his Hand and Seal of Office of his having received such Affidavit, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; which Certificate shall express whether the said Wine shipped on board such Ship or Vessel is Red Wine or White Wine, and the Name by which the same is there commonly called or known, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages in which the same shall be shipped and contained; and such Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs shall also (without Fee or Reward) within Ten Days after the failing of the Ship or Vessel, transmit an exact Copy of the said Affidavit to the Secretary's Office for the said Settlement, on Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds; Provided always nevertheless, that if at any time there shall not be any Justice of the Peace at the said Settlement, or at any of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, where any Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies shall be loacted, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Grower, Maker or Shipper of such Wine, or his or their known Agent or Factor, to make such Affidavit before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or any Two of them, at the Port or Place from whence such Wine shall be loaded on board the said Ship or Vessel (which Affidavit such Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required to take) 5 and in the Certificate which the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs shall grant to such Master or other Person, such Collector or other Principal Officer shall also certify that there is not any Justice of the Peace resident at the said Settlement, or the Territory or Dependency thereof, where such Wine shall have been so loacted; and upon the Importation of such Wine, the same shall be admitted to Entry at the Low Duty to which such Wine would have been

283 A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 77.

liable if this Act had not been made; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Ship or \ eiTel into the Port of her Discharge, either in Great Britain or any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where such Goods may be lawfully imported, the Mailer or other Person taking the Charge or Command of the said Ship or Vessel, shall, at the time of making his Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs, and make Oath before him that the Goods so reported are the same that are mentioned in the said Certificate, on Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Wine shall be imported or found on board any Ship or Vessel for which no such Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, or which shall not be imported directly from the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, the same shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine, not of the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in all respects, as Wine, other than French Wine imported, would respectively be liable to by Law: Provided always, that if any Wine shall be imported into Great Britain directly from the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, without being included in such Certificate as hereinbefore directed, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs or Eicife in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, that the Wine is really and truly the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, and that no Fraud was intended, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, to permit the said Wine to be entered, upon Payment of the Low Duty of Customs or Excise (as the case may require) to which such Wine would have been liable if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of any Foreign Wines other than Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall enter or land the same, or cause, procure, permit or suffer the same to be entered or landed as or for Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, the same shall be forfeited, and the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, knowingly entering or landing, or knowingly causing, procuring, permitting or suffering to be entered or landed, any Foreign Wine, other than Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, as or for Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall keep all Red Wine in his, her or their Custody or Possession, the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope> or other Settlement, Territories

Certificate of Affidavit produced at Port of Ddchjrge.

Penaltr.

Proviso for Wine imported directly from Settlement, &c. not included in Certificate.

Lmding Wine as Produce of Cape that is not so.

[Penalty.]

Red Wine kept separate from White Wine by Dealers.

A.D. 1814.

[Penalty.]

Wine of Produce of Cape of Good Hope kept separate from other Foreign Wine in manner direeled by 26 O.3. c.JJ-5*3-

Permits for Rft-moval to distiu-guifti Wine.

-6 G. 3. c. 59.

5tock taken in manner herein devuibed.

C. 77. 54 GEO. Iir.

tories or Dependencies thereof, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels/Utensils, Piles, Parcels and Divi-iions, from all other Wine, and shall also in like manner keep all White Wine in his, her or their Custody or Possession, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels and Divisions, from all other Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall specify and distinguish all Wine in his, her or their Custody or Possession, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, from all other Wine, in such and the like manner as he, she or they is or are by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, directed or required to specify or distinguish Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, from French Wine, and shall in like manner specify and distinguish all Red Wine in his, her or their Custody or Possession, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, from all White Wine in his, her or their Custody or possession, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, in such and the like manner as he, she or they is or are by the said last mentioned Act directed or required to specify or distinguish French White Wine from French Red Wine, under, subject and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, in or by the said Act contained, provided, settled or established for the specifying or distinguishing Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, from French Wine, or French Red Wine from French White Wine, as the case may require; and the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures refjpeddvely, shall be used, applied, practised and put in Execution with respect to all Wine in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Permit to be granted or given for the Removal of any Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall distinguish such Wine from all other Wine according to the Denomination thereof specified in the Request Note, according to the Directions of the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, and this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any time or times discover or find that the Quantity of Red Wine or White Wine, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, in the Stock of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, added to the Quantity for which Permits shall have been granted since the last Account w as taken of such Stock, and also to the Quantity or Quantities fold, sent out or consumed in small Quantities under Three Galions, since such last Account was taken, and for which proper Entries shall appear to be made in the Book for entering the rein, such Wine as shall be sold, consumed or sent out, in small Quantities under Three

Galions,

54 GEO. III. C. 77* iSj

Galions, exceeds the Stock left in Hand on the taking of such last Account added to the Quantity of such Wine since received by Permit, the Quantity of Wine so found in Excess, whether the same shall be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by Wine for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, without Permit, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity of Wine so found in Excess shall be forfeited and lost, and Wine found in shall and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excess foiieiteJ. Excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said Stock or Stocks in which such Quantity of Wine shall be found in Excess; and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Wine so found in Excess shall be discoyered or found, shall also forfeit Double pcluj the Value of the Quantity of Wine so found in Excess.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dealer or Dealers Mixing Wine. h or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall mix or mingle any Red

Wine or White Wine in his, her or their Custody or Possession, of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, with or among any other Wine, or shall give Notice to any Officer or Officers of Excise to have paeked, or shall enter for Exportation, any Red Wine or White Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, mixed or mingled with any other Wine, then and in such case the Dealer or Dealers or Seller or Sellers so offending flulJ, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and all the Wine so mixed or mingled shall Penalty, be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For- Penalties how features imposed by this Act, an4 incurred in Great Britain, shall be recovered, &c. sued for, recovered, levied or ntitigated, by such ways, means or

methods, as any Fine, Penalty or forfeiture may be filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any* Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, f.i-ll Lc to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Powers of Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and former Acts ex -Things, which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away 1* Jr'a* C'24# the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or in or by the said A d made in the Twenty 26 G. 3. c. 59. sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any other Law now in force, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, rafsing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, or for preventing, deteding or punching Frauds relating thereto (other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules,

Direc-

V.Z6 C. 77, 78. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enabled in this present Act.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of TIis present Majesty, as respects the Removal of Wool, within a certain Diliance of the Sea.

[28th June 1814.]

9&10W.3.WHEREAS an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the

C*4c*Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled yin.

Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made again)} Transportation of Wooly Fullers Earth and Scouring Clay 2$ G. 3. c. 38. 1 And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain,

amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, federal Laws no rev in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs94 Wool, Woolf ells y Mortlings, Shortlings, Tarn and Worsted, Cruris,

Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures, or pretended Manu-

failures, made of Wool Jhghtly wrought up9 or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again; Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool Jit for combing; Fullers Earthy Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Cl lay94 from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Winding of Wool: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Acts as to the giving Notice of

Wool rtiorn and removed, and taking Certificate of Entry in the

Counties of Kent and Suffejc; and to the entering or certifying any Wool before loading or carrying or removal thereof, and giving

Notice and taking Certificate thereof, or of any Wool or Fleeces

(horn, and giving Bond before the Sale or Purchase respectively of

any Wool, and requiring Permits for the-L^moval, have been found to be productive of great Inconvenience; and it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts as requires that Notice shall be given or Entry made by the Owner or Owners of Wool shorn or housed, or laid up or lodged, within Ten Miles of the Sea Side; or as requires any Certificate of any Wool or Number of Fleeces fliom or housed, or removed or disposed of; or as requires Notice or Hond to be given or Entry made or any Permit to be taken out or licensed Certificate or other Instrument before the Removal of any Wool; or as requires any Certificate to be taken from any Officer; or as prohibits any Persons residing near the Sea from felling or buying1 Wool without having entered into Bond; or as subjects to Forfeiture, Wool carried towards the Sea Side, unless the same has been en-

in part repealed, tered; or as subjects Wool iirft found within Ten Miles of the Sea to Forfeiture, if afterwards lodged within Fifteen Miles of the Sea; or as subjects any Wool or any Horsea or Carriages carrying the same 15 betweea

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

between Sunset and Sunrise to any Forfeiture, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

C. 78  81. 287

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[1st July 1814.]

" TREASURY empowered to raise 6, oooo, ooool. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  1, 2. Treasury " to apply the Money raised. $ 3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. 4. Intcrelt thereon of 3 Id*

per Cent, per Diem,  5. Said Bills to be current at the Exche-41 quer after April 5, 1815. 6, Bank of England empowered to u advance 6, 000, ooool. on Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 IV,

44 & M. c, 20.  7.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[ill July 1814.]

0/i the Hie Terms at under c. 79. of this SeJ/ion, ']

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen certain new Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

[1st July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G. 3. c. 18.

YV His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jix9 certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain

Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties: And Whereas an Act was made

in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 61.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland: And Whereas an Act was made in the Forty 47 G 3 x* 4 feveitth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal part of C*3X

the

C. 8:

5T Geo. III.

A.D. 1814.

47 G. 3. Sess. 2,

C. 16.

47 G. 3. ScfT. 2, c. 18.

46 G. 3. u'. 12. 120.

47 G. 3. Sc IT. 2.

r. 1.

4V> G. 3. c. So. 4.; G. 3. c. 74.

50 G. 3. c. 97.

51 G. 3. c. 58. 51 G. 3. c. 84

<2 G. 3. c 69.

5i.

53 -3. c. 55.

Rates and

Duties and Drawbacks and Bounties grantednd allowed continuvd:

the Duties on the Importation 6f unmnnufactured Tobacco into

Ireland: And Whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled yin /Id to grant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland: And Whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

to provide for the Decrease and Suspension in certain cases, of Part of the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And Whereas such of the said Acts as were temporary were continued by several Acts passed in the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and by an Act passed in the Forty'eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were amended and continued 5 and by an Act made

in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Acts were further continued; and by an Act made in the

Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Acts were continued and further amended: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

certain Duties were granted on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland: And Whereas an Act was made in the Fifty lirlt Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland: And Whereas such

of the said Acts as were temporary were further continued by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign: And Whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Draw-

backs and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grants until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland; and it is expedient, that all the said recited Acts, and also the several Rates and Duties granted and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, should be further continued in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates and Duties granted and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, fiiali respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand

A.D. 18r4"

C. 81.

289

54 GEO. III.

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, except the Rates, Duties and Drawhacks upon the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawhacks are by any of the said Acts, or by this Act, imposed, granted or allowed, and except such Drawhacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on Refined Sugar, under the said recited AcE, or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prov ide more effectually for regulatin'* the Dra whacks and Bounties n the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; which laid last recited Act, by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, is continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the said recited Acts (except as aforesaid, and except also as they are altered or repealed by each other, or by this Act, or by any other Act), and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawhacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts, or any of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made part of the said recited Acts, or any of them; and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties* and shall be entitled to the Drawhacks and Bounties (except as aforesaid) allowed in respect thereof, under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. c, 129. 8. poflT\

II. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise from the Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence imposed by the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, upon every Entry Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin (except as in the said Act is excepted) shall be received by the Colic-dor of the said Port, who is hereby authorized to demaud and receive the same, and shall be by him paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from Sixpence, Part of the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence, to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange in the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the same in Repair, and towards the Discharge of the Wages of Servants employed therein, and shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from the remaining Two Shillings of the said Duty, to be paid to or for the Use of the Corporation forereding Buildings for Commercial Purposes in 54 Geo. III. U Dublin,

Exception.

47 G3. Self. r. c. 19.

c. 7. 1. ante. Exception.

Apr licaiion of 2s. 6d. Duff inposed by 4S G.3 c. 18. Sch. 1).

29

C. 81.

45 G. y c. 18.

Duties and Drawbacks specified in Schedule annexed levied and paid.

Duties, &c. paid In british Currency.

Consolidated

Fund.

Duties, &c. paid according to Tale, &c.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

Dublin, to be by them applied in manner required by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, until any Corporation shall be established for the Purpose of erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and whenever any such intended Corporation shall obtain a Charter of Incorporation from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from Two Shillings thereof, to be paid to or for the Use of such last mentioned Corporation, to be applied by such Corporation, in the first place, to discharge any Debt due from the said Corporation for erecting Buildings for Commercial Purposes in Dublin, and the Remainder of such Sum shall be applied towards discharging the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds in the whole, as may have been or shall be borrowed for erecting and finishing such Corn Exchange, and towards the Discharge of the Principal Sum so borrowed, and for no other Purpose, and to be duly accounted for before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland. c. 129.

ii />/?]

III. And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising 4. the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Sup-

port of Your Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty the several new Duties herein after mentioned, upon certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland; y and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever upon the Importation of the several Goods, Ware* and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedule (a) to thi*

Act annexed, imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respeb of the said Duties, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks in the said Schedule specified, shall be in lieu and in Head of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland, upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of thi# Ad. (a) [Schedule repealed, 1.129. 8* poJl.-]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Drawbacks in and by the said Schedule to thi* Ad annexed, granted and allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and, that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland} and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks in and by the said Schedule granted and allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and allowed according to the Tale, Weight, Measure, Gauge or Value of the said Article* respectively specified, and also io proportion upon

A.D. 1814.

C. 81.

291

54 GEO. III.

any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity or Measure, or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively. f See c. 120.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Duty p?id on Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, during the White or Biy Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and Saltern* th ppaid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Impor- r uceot tation into Ireland of any White or Bay Salt, not being the Growth,

Produce or Manufacture, of Great Britain, the Duty following; that is to say,

For and upon every Bushel of such White or Bay Salt, weighing Fifty six Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings Irish Currency:

Which said Duty hereby granted shall be in lieu and instead of any former Duty payable on the Importation of such Salt, and that upon the Exportation of such Salt from Ireland (except to Great Britain), Exportation, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duty which Drawback.

shall have been paid on the Importation of the same.

[See c. 129.]

{ 8. and Sch. fojl

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Bounty paid on Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Exportation from that

Inland to any Place except Great Britain, of any Beef, Pork, has paid Duty. Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland with Salt which shall have paid the Duty imposed by this Act (), or with Salt the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter of such Beef, Pork, Tongues,

Hams or Bacon, an Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback for or in respedi of the Duties charged upon such Salt used in the faking of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, after the Rate of One Shilling Irish Currency for each and every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof; which said Bounty, hereby allowed and made payable, shall be in lieu and instead of any former Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback on such salted Provisions respectively. (h) c. 129. 8. poJW\

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall Duty repaid oa make use of any Salt in the Process of Bleaching, or in the making Snlt used ?n of Muriatic Acid which shall be used in the Process of Bleaching, Bleaching, or in such Person shall be entitled to receive, and the Collector of the makinv. of Muri-Cuiloms in the District within which such Salt shall have been irn- atic Acid, ported or made, shall repay to such Person all Duties which shall have been paid on the said Salt, on his making it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties that such Salt had paid all Duties due thereon, and had been made Use of in the Process of Bleaching, or in the making of Muriatic Add for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Drawback il-Irtland of any Coffee, the Growth or Produce of the British lowed onExport-Co\omein the West Indies, and which on the Importation thereof at ion of Coffee, into Ireland shall have paid the Duty imposed thereon under the 48 G. 3. c. 80. hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty195

Udgu, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter of such Coffee 1 Drawback of Seven peace British Currency per Pound Weight, in respect of the Duty imposed by the said recited Act. tS<*c, i29.f8^7

V 2IX. And

2$2

Coffee in Packages of not less than icolb. imported into and exported from Ireland.

Wines paying Duty under 53 G. 3. c. 35. entitled to Drawback on Exportation.

Instead of Duties under former Acts, following Duties paid on French Wines.

Duties.

Exportstion.

Drawbacks.

C. 8l.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

IX. And Whereas it is expedient to allow Coffee to be imported into and exported from Ireland in Packages of One hundred Pounds Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to import into and export from Ireland any Coffee in Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds avoirdupois; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person who at any time since the passing of the hereinbefore first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall have exported, or who at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall export from Ireland any such Wines as in the said recited Act are mentioned and described, and on which the respective additional Duties of Excise imposed by the said recited Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, shall he entitled to and shall receive a Drawback equal to the Duty by the said recited Act imposed on such Wines respectively, and which shall have been actually paid on the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties payable in Ireland on the Importation of the Wines herein after mentioned under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the Wines hereafter mentioned which shall be imported into Ireland after the Fifth Day of July, or the Duties payable on the Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged at any time before the said Fifth Day of July, the several and respective Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon each and every Tun containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons of French Wine, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Sum of One hundred and thirty five Pounds and Twelve Shillings British Currency

For and upon each and every such Tun of French Wine, imported in Foreign Shipping, the Sum of One hundred and thirty nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings British Currency: [*Ser c. 129. $8. and

Sch. A.poJl.-]

And that upon the Exportation of any French Wine which shall have paid the said Duties imposed by this Act, or in respect of which any Repayment or Allowance shall have been made under this Act in manner herein after mentioned, there shall be paid in lieu of all Drawbacks on Wine of the like Sorts the several and respective Drawbacks following; that is to say,

For and upon every such Tun of French Wine exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or to any other of the Territories or Posstllions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Sum of One hundred and twenty six Pounds Three Shillings Brit JbCurrency: For and upon every such Tun of French Wine, exported to any other Country or Place, the Sum of One hundred and twenty one Pounds Four Shillings British Currency.

[See c. 129. fS.

Mnd Sch* A poJIA

A.D. 1814.

C. 8i.

54 GEO. III.

293

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the former Draw- Former Draw-

backs, payable by Law on the Exportation of any such Wines backs to continue from Ireland in respect of any former Duties thereon, shall remain on Exportation and continue payable on the Exportation of such Wines only whereon ofme where the whole of such former Duty shall have been fully paid and satisfied, U

and in respect of which no Repayment or Allowance shall have been

made under this Act in manner herein after mentioned; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further emitted. That upon all French Wines Allowance on which on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred French Wine iit and fourteen shall be in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Custody, Warehouse. Power or Possession of any Merchant or Importer of or Dealer in,

or Factor, Seller or Retailer of such Wine, and which shall have been charged with and (halt have paid all Duties payable on the Importation thereof, and all Duties imposed on the same, in the Stores, Warehouses, Custody, Power or Possession of such Merchant,

Importer, Dealer, Factor, Seller or Retailer, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Irehiml> immediately before the palT-ing of this Act, there Hull be received and allowed the Repayment or Allowance following, in respect of the Duties so heretofore paid thereon; that is to say.

For and upon every Tun, containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons of such French Wine, the Sinn of Three Pounds Thirteen Sellings and Six pence British Currency, which Repayment or Allowance shall be paid and allowed in manner directed by this Act.

XIV. And, for ascertaining the Stock of French Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of Factors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of such Wines, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in order to the making such Repayment or Allowance thereon to such Merchants, Importers,

Factors, Dealers, Sellers and Retailers respectively, be it further enacted, That every such Merchant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Mode of ascer-Seller or Retailer, who shall respectively have any such French taining Stock of Wines in his, her or their Possession, in any Warehouse, Store French Wine*. Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person for his or her Use (other than and except such Wines as may be in any of His Majesty's Warehouses for Security of the Duties thereon), and who shall claim any Repayment or Allowance under this Act, in respect of the Duties heretofore paid on any such French Wine, shall within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Wine shall have been on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, a just, tiraef and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of - f $*V. such French or other Wine, which on the said Fifth Day of July shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Merchant,

Importer, Factor, Dealer, Seller or Retailer in every such Warehouse or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his or her Use (except as aforesaid), describing the Places in which the same shall be and the Situation thereof, and distinguishing whether such Wines are Red or White; and all Wines in Bottles shall be accounted for, according to the Number of Bottles, without expressing the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in such Bottles, but estimating the Number of such Gallons in the whole by a fair

U 3 Calculation

C. 81.

294

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Oath:

[Penalty.]

Officers of Excite may enter Premites of Dealers in Wine, and take an Account of Stock of French Wines.

[Penalty.]

Calculation made on the actual Contents of any given Number of such Bottles indifferently chosen; and every such Merchant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Collector of Excise of the District, that such Account is a just and true and perfect Account of all such Wines as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation such Collector is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Merchant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, or other Person, who shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any time within Two Calendar Months next after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to enter into all or any of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and any other Places of any such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Factor or Seller of such Wine, whether by Wholesale or Retail, who shall have delivered in any such Account as aforesaid, for the Purpose of claiming any such Repayment or Allowance of the Duty on any such French Wine as aforesaid, and into any Place where any such French Wine belonging to any such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Fadlor or Seller shall in such Account be described to be, and by tailing, gauging or otherwise to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all such French Wine on which such Repayment or Allowance shall be so claimed, and then and there found in the Custody of or belonging to any such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Factor or Seller in any Cask or in any Vessel except Bottles; and also to take an Account of all fuen French Wines on which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed, as shall then and there be found in Bottles, in any other manner than by tailing the same, or by uncorking and opening the Bottles containing such Wine (unless with the Consent of the Proprietor) for the Purpose of ascertaining the Number of Gallons therein, in manner aforesaid; and in case of Refusal of such Consent the Quantity contained in such Bottles shall not be included in the Account taken by such Officer, nor in the Quantity for which any such Repayment or Allowance shall be granted or allowed; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise, on Demand made by him or them at any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, shall not be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all such Wines, in manner aforesaid, or if such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Factor, Seller or Retailer, or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Wines, shall neglect or refuse to shew, or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines in respect of which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed as aforesaid in every such Warehouse or other Place respectively, every such Person respectively into or in whose Warehouse or other Place such Officer shall not be admitted or shall not be suffered to take such Account; and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default, respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency.

A.D. 1$i4*

54 GEO. III. C. 81.

*95

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in afe of any Dispute Officers may between any Officer of Excise and any such Merchant, Importer* take Sample Dealer, Factor, Seller or Retailer of such French or other Wine, on

which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed as aforesaid, as to the Nature or Species of any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Produce, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excise, and every such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered, to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples not exceeding One Quart of any such Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other Vessel or Velleis, paying for such Wine Samples paid the usual Price thereof 5 and if such Officer or Officers shall not be for. permitted to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wise be obstructed or hindered by any Person or Persons whatsoever in taking such Sample or Samples, the Merchant or Importer of or Seller or Dealer in such Wine, or other Person in whose Custody such Wine shall be, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and no such Merchant, Importer, Seller or Penalty. Dealer, or other Person shall be entitled to any Repayment or Allowance under this Act, in respect of any Wines of which such Sample shall be refused as aforesaid 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officer to mike Officer and Officers of Excise who shall take Account of such a Return of Wines, shall make a Return or Report of the same to the Collector pH?Vx?ncc to of Excise of the District, and shall insert in such Return or Report e or*

the Amount of the Repayment or Allowance which shall be payable under this Act to any such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Factor,

Seller or Retailer respectively, in respect of the Duties heretofore paid on such Wine by such Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Factor,

Seller or Retailer respectively 5 and such Return or Report shall ascertain the Amount of such Repayment or Allowance, in case such Return or Report shall contain a Quantity equal to or less than the Quantity comprised in the respective Accounts hereinbefore directed to be returned by the Parties respectively to whom such Wine shall belong, and who shall claim any such Drawback or Allowance 5 but in case the Quantity contained in any such Account of any such Parties shall be less than the Quantity contained in the Account of any Officer so to be taken as aforesaid, or if no such Account shall be taken by such Officer, then such Repayment or Allowance shall be calculated by the Collector, to whom any Account shall be delivered by the Parties as aforesaid according to the Quantity contained in such Account of such Parties and verified upon Oath or Affirmation of such Parties, in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Accounts, Accounts, ate. Returns and Reports so to be made under this Act either by the trsmsmitted to Officers of Excise or by the Parties claiming such Drawback or Commissioners

Allowances, shall be transmitted by the Collectors of Excise who ?f, Exf n, nd shall receive the same to the Commissioners of Excise and Inland Dublin!^Duties in Dublin; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon provide for the said Repayment or Allowance as aforesaid, to the Persons claiming and entitled to the same, in such manner and at such tunes at the said Commissioners, by any Order to be made by them, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint.

U4

tg6

Levant Good* imported under

0*3*153-liible to Duties payable to Levant Company.

Liquors and Tobacco Deic-lidfc, Sic. liable to lame Duties as Liquors and Tobacco regularly imported.

Payment of Duties on Liquors and Tobacco Dere-Sec- i'ecured.

C. 81. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Ireland under the Authority of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An /l8 to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Rat ifcation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty of certain Goods, Waret and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable by Law in Ireland to the Levant Company in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize had been imported into Ireland directly from Turkey.

XX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Ireland, are by the Laws now in force in Ireland subject and liable to the Payment of Duties; and such Foreign Liquors and Tobacco have by reason of such Doubts been

sometimes fold and carried into Consumption without any Duties having been paid for or in respect thereof, to the great Loss of His Majesty's Revenue and Injury of Persons dealing in such

Liquors and Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties have been paid on Importation Be it therefore enacted, That all such Liquors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Ireland, are and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Duties as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are by any Law or Laws now in force in Ireland subject and liable to, and shall also be entitled to such Drawbacks and be subject to such Allowances and Abatements as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are entitled and subject to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties upon such Liquors and Tobacco respectively, be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Person and Persons bringing into Ireland, or finding or discovering on the Coast of Ireland, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs or Excise is by Law imposed in Ireland, shall within Twenty four Hours next after he, she or they shall have so brought, found or discovered such Liquors or Tobacco, if the same be found on Land, or within Twenty four Hours next after the same shall have been landed, if the same be found at Sea, give Notice thereof to the next Cullom House or Excise Office, or to some neighbouring Officer of Customs or Excise, specifying the Place where such Liquors or Tobacco then lie or are deposited, and the proper Officers of Customs and Excise shall thereupon forthwith take a particular Account of the Kinds and Quantities of such Liquors or Tobacco, and shall demand of the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Liquors or Tobacco may be, or who shall have found or brought to Land the same, the full Duties of Customs and

C. 81.

297

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

Excise due In respect thereof; and in case such Duties shall not on such Demand be paid by such Person or Persons, the said Officer of Customs or Excise shall cause such Liquors or Tobacco to be safely and securely lodged and deposited in a Warehouse or Warehouses, to be kept in such Warehouse or Warehouses, under His Majesty's Lock, until the Duties of Customs and Excise payable for or in respect thereof shall be paid and satisfied, or until such Liquors or Tobacco Hull be sold in manner herein after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, bring into Ireland, or find or discover on the Coasts of Ireland, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs or Excise is by Law imposed in Ireland, and shall not give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound. British Currency; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, remove, open or alter in Quantity or Quality, or cause to be removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, or aid or aiM in the removing, opening or altering in Quantity or Quality any such Liquors or Tobacco, or shall break, fever or destroy or cause to be broken, fevered or destroyed, or aid or afliit in the breaking, fevering or destroying any of the Cases or Packages containing any such Liquors or Tobacco before such Liquors or Tobacco shall have been taken an Account of by the proper Officers of Customs and Excise as aforesaid, and before the said Liquors or Tobacco shall be by them lodged and deposited in a Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds Brit'ish Currency; and all such Liquors and Tobacco respectively so removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, together with the Calks and other Packages respectively containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise: Provided always, that if the Duties on such Liquors and Tobacco shall not be paid or discharged within Eighteen Months next after the said Liquors and Tobacco shall be lodged and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Impost f Duties, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco, or any Part thereof, for and towards the satisfying the Duties payable in respect of such Liquors and Tobacco, and also the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the conveying such Liquors and Tobacco to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and of the Keeping and Sale of such Liquors and Tobacco, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale after Payment of the said Duties, CoiU, Charges and Expences to such Person or Persons as shall be by Law entitled to the same; and if upon such Liquors and Tobacco being put up or offered to Sale no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same as much or more Money than the Duties payable in respect thereof, together with the Warehouse Rent, Costs, Charges and Expences taken together would amount to, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs

Not giving Notice, or removing Articles before Officer taken Account.

[Penalty.]

Removing, &c. any Liquors, See.

Aiding, See.

[Penalty.]

If Duties not paid in Eighteen Months Good* 1'old.

f Sic.

*98

0*81

4 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[Proviso.]

Claims of Lords of Manors and other Persons to Derelict Goods preserved.

Duties payable on Goods not entered, although imported before July 5, 1814.

And also Goods warehoustd before that Day.

toms and Import Duties, and they- are hereby authorized and empowered to permit the Person or Persons by Law entitled to the same, to expose or to sell and dispose thereof for Exportation only, subject to the usual Regulations in such cases 5 or if such Person or Persons should refuse so to do, then to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco for Exportation, or to destroy the lame, as such Commissioners respectively may deem most expedient: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or con-(trued to extend to prevent any such Liquors or Tobacco, as the said Commissioners may deem necessary for that Purpose, being fold Duty-free for the Payment of the Salvage Expences incurred in respect thereof.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of the Manor on which such Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, or other Person having by Law just Claim thereto, or where no such Lord of the Manor or other Person having such just Claim shall exist, then the Person or Persons bringing into Ireland, or finding or discovering on the Coast thereof any such Foreign Liquor or Tobacco, shall be at Liberty to retain the same in his, her or their own Custody or Possession for the Space of One Year and One Day, to be computed and reckoned from such bringing, finding or discovering thereof, on his, her or their entering into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of Customs for the Port, or Collector of Excise for the District where the said Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, in TYeble the Value of such Liquors or Tobacco, as the case may require, for the Payment of the Duties for or in respect thereof, at the End and Expiration of such Year and Day, or in Default of such Payment to restore such Liquors and Tobacco at the End or Expiration of such Year and Day to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the same State and Condition as the same was or were in at the time of such bringing, finding or discovering thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned in this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall not have been entered on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or before the passing of this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act and the said Schedule (a) shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehousea, or shall be or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain so warehoused or secured on or after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

(a) [Repealed, c. 129. $ 8. post]

7t

fourteen,

C. 8f

ayp

A.D. 1i 14. 54 GEO. III.

fourteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for that Purpose, although such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the Duties which such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be payable by Law.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Duties secursU Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods,7 Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the Shedule (a) thereto annexed, granted or imposed, may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restri ctions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

(a) [Repealed, r. 129. 8. foJlJ\

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Packagesof said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Goods entered where any Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatever, intended to be exported from Ireland, shall be entered for Exportation, if any Pack- inegct" i^and

age, Calk or Vessel, in which any such Goods, Wares and Merchan- Contents to

djzc mentioned in such Entry shall be contained, shall not be duly agree with

described in manner directed by Law, or if the Goods contained in Account.

each particular Package, Cask or Vessel, shall not agree with the

Account of the Contents of such Package, Cask or Vessel, such

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, together with the Package, Calk or

Vessel, in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and

may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise at any time

after such Entry made, and at any time either before dr after the same shall be actually shipped off or shipped on board any Ship or

Vessel for Exportation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That m all cases where any How Value of Duties of Customs imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Irelandf P^s taken upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from /re- j" Duties" land are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or payable on Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be E*porta: ion. taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation,

without any DeduAion or Abatement whatsoever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs or Excise paid thereon or payable at the time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall amount unto, and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this A A is provided) by the Oath of the Exporter or Proprietor of Oath, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor; and in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respcA, except as herein after is provided, in the manner yreferibed in and by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His pre- 4* G. 3. c. 87. sent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the 5

Colkdion of the duties on Good*) Waret and Merchandize imported or

exported

C. 81.

A.D. 1814.

In cases where Goods undervalued, Expoiter paid V. lue according to Oath n Entry.

46 G. 3. c. 87.

When real V due cannot be af errairud, (MltOtorto permit Exportation of Goods <n certain Conditions.

Kirr.es of Exporter and i\cent specified in Entry, Sec.

False Oath of Value.

54 GEO. III.

exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allow ances and Drawbacks thereon, with relped to Goods imported subject to Duty ad valorem,

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to Duty on Exportation, according to the Value thereof, shall on Examination by the proper Officers of the Culloms be found to be undervalued, and shall on that account be detained, the Exporter or Proprietor shall in such case be paid the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, according to the Oath made on the Entry thereof for Exportation, together with the Amount of the Culloms paid thereon at the time of the Entry thereof, without any further Allowance whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at the time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland on which any Duties of Culloms are charged or are payable according to the Value thereof, the Exporter'or Proprietor* of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, or his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to ..icertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Celledor or other Chief Officer of the Culloms at the Port of Exportation, to permit such Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Factor, to ship or export such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon making Oath that such real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon Bond being given either by the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or by the known Agent or Factor of such Exporter or Proprietor, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety in Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize conditioned for the Payment of the said Duties, within Three Months, and according to the true and real Value thereof, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Pareels, or such other Documents as shall be required by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, in tafe the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by such Officers of the Culloms, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so exported as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of which the real Value cannot be ascertained, and in cases where the Duties are allowed to be secured by Bond as aforesaid, the Name of the actual and real Exporter, w hether such Exporter shall be the Proprietor, 01 the Agent or Factor of the Proprietor, shall be specified in the Entry, together with the Name of the Agent or Factor making the Entry and giving such Bond, and an Gath of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize according to which the Duties shall be ascertained and paid and the Bond cancelled, shall in all such cases be made and signed by such actual and real Exporter, and not by any Clerk, Agent or Broker of such Exporter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize entered for Exportation shall

A.D. 1814.

C. 81.

30!

54 GEO. III.

knowingly and fraudulently make any false Oath of the Value of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such Exporter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and I>ut'e*, &c. how Duties and Drawbacks and Bounties by this Act continued or

granted or allowed and made payable, and all and every Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collided, paid and applied in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and exprdfed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland> in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of 14 t 1; Car. 2. His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for (I) Sess. 4. c. 3. settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Site-cessors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, G. 3. c. 106. intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts &c' relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management c/the Commissioners of Cu/loms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or A6ks in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were here n express d and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or P rties APPeal> aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourt.eei th and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

[SV. c. 129. 8. 34.. post. J

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and Continuance of -continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and no longer,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or the Acts Act altered, &c. hereby continued, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

5CHE-

3*

C. 8i

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Duty. 1 Drawback.

ALMONDS; viz*  of any other Sort, the Cvvt. . s. d..1 11 8 4 15 0 2 7 6 \ s. d. 0 13 4 200 100

Ambra Liquida, the lb. 0 s 6J 024

Anchovies, the lb. 0 0 7f 0 0 3

Asses, each - 366 

Bladders, the Dozen Bottles; viz. 0 0 032 00a

zen Quarts - - not of less Content than One Pint, and 1 1 pi

not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts -  of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or de- 0 711  "

scribed, for every ^100, of the Value Note.  Flalks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty. Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bun- 114 0 0

dle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces Bristles; viz. 096

the Dozen lbs. - - - not imported in a British-built 0 11 ic| 050

Ship, the Dozen lbs. -  rough or undressed, imported in a British- 0 12 8 050

built Ship, the Dozen lbs.  - - - not imported in a Britishi-built 0 3 0 1 6

Ship, the Dozen lbs. Bristles undressed maybe warehoused under certain Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions. See 48 G. III. cap. 32. Brooms; viz. Flag or Whilk Brooms, the Dozen 0 3 n| 0 0 9! 0 1 6

Carmine, the Oz. Carpets; viz. 0 3 iif 

the Carpet - - 139 

Duty. Drawback

Carpets; viz. . s. d... 4.

- 4 Yards Square and not cx-

ceeding 6 Yards Square, the Carpet 4 15 0

- exceeding 6 Yards Square,

the Carpet - 7 18 4

Clocks, for every ^100. of the Value 59 7 6

Cork, imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. 0 7 11 O 3 4

not imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. 0 8 H O 3 4

Cortex, Cariophylloides, the lb. - r 0 0 9i O 0 4

Coftus, the lb. 0 0 0 0 5

Cranberries, the Gallon 0 1 3 

Cubebs, the lb. - 0 0 9h 0 0 4

Cucumbers, pickled, the Gallon 0 2 4* 

preserved in Salt and Water,

for every j^ioo. of the Value 59 7 6 

Cyperus, the Cwt. ... 0 l5 10 0 6 8

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the lb. 0 1 0 0 6

not imported in a British-built Ship, the lb. 0 1 41 0 0 6

Drawings, coloured, each 0 3 2 

plain, each - 0 1 7 

Elephants Teeth, the Cwt. 39 2 I3 4

Enamel, the lb. 0 7 1i 0 3 0

Essence of Spruce, for every j^ioo. of the Value 31 >3 4 13 6 8

the Produce of and imported from '

any British Colony, Plantation

or Settlement in America,

for every ico, of the Value5 16 8 6 13 4

Glovers* Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the Cwt. 0 49 

Grains of Paradise, the lb. 0 1 0 0 10

Gum Copal, the lb. - 0 1 7 0 0 8

Hair, Horse, for every jioo. of the Value 31 13 4 

Handfcoops, the Dozen 0 1 Hi 

Harpstrings, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Knots 0 6 4 0 2 8

Hats; viz.

Bast, Chip, Cane or Horsehair Hats or Bon-

nets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding

22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 0 10 8J 

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 1 X 41

- Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet

not exceeding % % Inches in Diameter,

th; Dozen*S 8 1 

Duty.] Drawback.

Hats; viz. - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 . s. d. . s. d.

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -Hay, the Load, containing 36 TrufTes, each Truss 6162 

being 56 lbs*. ... T 2 I 1^ 

Heath, for Brushes, the Cwt. 091|

Hermodactyl, the lb. -Hides; viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the Hair not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed; - - imported in a British-built Ship, O O 9^! 004

the Hide ... not imported in a British-built O O 9* 

Ship, the Hide - - - tanned and not otherwise dressed. 0 2 4- 

the lb.  - - - imported from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa, 0 0 ni 

the Hide - Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or curried, or in any way dressed; - imported in a British-built Ship, 0 0 4}

the Hide - - not imported in a British-built Ship,  0 91 

the Hide - - tanned, and not otherwise dressed, O 2 45 1 

the lb. c 0 11} -

Hoofs of Cattle, for every jhoo. of the Value 31 13 4 

Ivory, the lb. - 0 5 

Kelp, imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. 0 >3 Sh 058

not imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. Lace; viz. 0 14 3 0 J 8

Silk Lace, for every 100. of the Value Thread Lace; viz. 39 11 8 

- under 5s. the Yard in Value, the Yard - of 5s. and under 1 os. the Yard in Value,. 04l 

the Yard - of 1 os. and under 15s. the Yard in 0 3 ill 

Value, the Yard  - of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in 049 

Value, the Yard - - -0 6 8*

Duty. Drawback.

Lace; viz. , s. d. Jt\ /. d.

- of 20s. and under 258. the Yard in

Value, the Yard 0 7 3?

of 25s. the Yard in Value, or upwards,

for every ^100. of the Value 39 11 8 

Lapis Contrayervse, the Oz. 0 1 11^0 0 10

Tutia, the lb. - - 0 0 0 O

Lard, the Cwt. - 0 7 11 

Lead, Pig, for every j^ioo. of the Value 31 13 4

Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any

Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valu-

able Parr, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every ^100. of the Value 141 10 0

Lendles, the Rulhel - - 0 0 94 

Litmus, the Cwt. - O 3 llA 

Mace; viz.

- the Produce of, and imported from, any

British Colony or Plantation in America,

the lb. 71 

- imported under Licence, the lb. 09i| 0 3 JO

Madder of all Sorts, for every ^100. of the Value 500 

Root unmanufactured, imported from any

Country or Place before 5th Jan. 1816 Free. 

Millboards, the Cwt. - 3 8 T

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. 0 0 0 0 dL

Mules, each - - 4 199 

Myrobalanes, the Cwt. - 0 11 1 

Oker, the Cwt. - 0 6 8? 0 2 JC

Olives, die Gallon - 024?

Otto of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the Oz. 0 11 ioi 0 V-r, O

Oysters, the Bushel - 0 12$

Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or de

feribed, the lb. 0 0 pj 0 0 4

Pewter, old, the Cwt. _ I 8 6 0 12 C

fickle3 of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon 0 4 5 

Pictures; viz.

under Two Feet square, the Picture*3 8 1 

Feet square, the Picture 6 16 2 

the Picture - - Jo 4 3 

54 GEO. III. X

Duty. Drawback.

. t. d. . s, d.

Pink Root, the lb. Platting, or other Manufactures; viz. used in, or proper for making Hats or 00 9$ 004

Bonnets, the lb. 0 5

making Hats or Bonnets, the lb. 0 17 oj 

Plums dried, the lb. - O I 2| 

Polypodium, the lb. - 0 0 4J 0 0 2

Pomatum, for every, ^100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Potatoes, the Cwt. -Prints j viz. Paper Prints, plain, the Piece - - - - coloured, 0 1 ii| 017 

for every \ oo. of the Value Quills; viz.* Goose Quills, the 1,000 Swan Quills, the 1,000 Rags, Old, Old Ropes or Junk, or Old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Paste-board, or for the Purpose of Manure, imported in a British-built Ship, the 59 7 6 0 5 4l OH, 1ol 0 10 oj0

Ton containing 20 Cwt.  1 - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton con- I 5 81

taining 20 Cwt.7 31 

Rape Cakes, the Cwt. 017 

Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - 1090 4 7 9

Refinae Jalappze, the lb. Rice, imported from any British Colony or Plan- 068} 0 2 10

tation, the Cwt. - - -  not imported from any British Colony or Plantation, or from any of the Possessions 0 7 61 032

of the East India Company, the Cwt. 1 0 0$ 032

Saccharum Saturni, the lb. 0 0 9I 0 0 4

Safflower, the Cwt. - - 0 8 81 

Sal Gem, the Cwt. ... 0 7 n 

Sal Tartari, for every jioo. of the Value Seed; viz. 59 7 6 25 0 0

Animi Seed, the lb. 0 0 4i 0 0 2

- Carrot Seed, the lb. - - 0 0 7i 003

Furze Seed, the Cwt. Soap\ viz. 0 0 ji

Hard, the Cwt. ... 4 3 H mm'

A.D. 1814.

4 GEO. III. C. 8k

Soap; viz.

- Soft, the Cwt.

Soaper's Waste, the Ton containing 20 Cwt. Spikenard, the lb.

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not* imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Steel, for every  100. of the Value Sticks; viz.

Walking Sticks,

for every a^ioo. of the Value Stone; viz.

- Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars and other polished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones polished), the Foot square superficial Measure -  Marble Blocks, the solid Foot --Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the Cwt.

Tails; viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the Hundred

containing Five Score Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt.

Terra; viz.

- Japonica, the lb.

Sienna, the Cwt.

Verde, the Cwt.

Tobacco Pipes, for every ^100. of the Value Tongues; viz.

Neats Tongues, the Dozen

- Rein Deer longues,

for every 100. of the Value Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt.

not imported in a British-built Ship, the Cwt. Treacle of Venice, the lb.

Tubes for smoaking, for every 100. of the Value Tubs, of Wood, for every ico. of the Value "urbith, imported directly froir the Place of i Growth, the ib. - 1

its Growth, the lb. VWaieis, the lb.

[rhts Schedule refilied, c.l2Q. 8. X 2

Duty, 1 Drawback.

. j. d. . s. d.

3 11 3 

0 3 2 

0*9i 0 I 2

0 0 95 0 0 4

0 1 7 0 0 8

59 7 6 

59 7 6 

0 3 2 0 I 4

0 6 4 0 2 8

0 29a 'T

0 5 1 ij 0 2 6

0 3 3 

0 3 

0 0 9* 0 O 4

1 11 8 

0 10 

79 3 4 

0 1 ul 

*3 4

096 0 4 0

0 10 3 1 0 4 0

0 3 G 0 1 6

59 7 6 

59 7 6 

0 2 4 0 I 0

0 490 2 0

0 l 3J -

C. 82.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

308

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[lit July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\

in Parliament assembled, towards raising tbr* necessary Supplies to

defray Your Majesty's Public Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall in Schedule be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his

levied. Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Articles and

Things mentioned, set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively described and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions and Regulations therein contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes; and the said several Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties granted on Auctions in Ireland by any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

Auction I)utie*

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-I. mencement of this Act, the several Duties granted on Auctions in c. x .10 cea e. Ireland* by an Act made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Draw backs, and also all Exemptions of the said Duties granted or allowed by the said recited Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid, granted or allowed save as in this Act is hereafter provided. 'III. And Whereas the Laws now in force for securing the

Collodion of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland have been found inefficient for the Purpose, and it is expedient that the same should

cease and be repealed, and that one new Law, with such Provisions as may be necessary, should be enacted; Be it therefore

41 O 3 SclT. 1. enacted, That Three several Acts, one made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the

Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds

48 G.3. c 63 therein; and one other Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His

said Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of 12is present Majesty's Reign; and one other Act

49 G. 3. c. 100. made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the CollcQion of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland; and also so much of Two several Acts* one made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's

Reign,

Duties f-'erified

present

That,

C. 82;

A.D. 1814. J40 GEO. III.

309

Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs in

Ireland; and the other made in the Fifty second Year of His said 5c 07.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to

the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as relates or repealed!

relate to the collecting and securing the Duties payable upon

Auctions in Ireland, and to any Exemptions from the same, shall,

from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine,

and the same are hereby repealed, save so far as the same or any of

them repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts of Parliament

renting to Auctions, or to any Exemptions therefrom, or to any E*pMon*

Charge, Matter or Thing therein relating to Auctions: Provided Proviso

always that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to

extend to affed or take away any of the Regulations or Provisions,

Powers or Authorities contained in any Ad or Ad9 in Force on or before the Commencement of this Act for the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, levying or collecting any Duties on Auctions, or any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating to Auctions, or for allowing any Exemptions from such Duties which shall or may be incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every such Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities shall be and remain in full Force and Eflfed for the levying and collecting the said Duties and Arrears of the said Duties, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, and for allowing the said Exemptions, as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from Duties carried the Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges for collecting pu^Jnlolldilte<* and paying the same being deducted, shall be carried to the Con- un*foiidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties on AufcVioneers to Auctions in Ireland, be it enacted, That no Person whatever, who Lienee

at any time after the Commencement of this Act shall exercise the

Trade or Business of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission at any

Sale of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects what foe ver, by Outery,

knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Pareel, or by any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder

is deemed to be the Purchaser, or who shall act in such Capacity, shall

vend or sell, or put up tq sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or

Effects whatsoever by Public Sale or otherwise by way of Auction

as aforesaid in any manner whatsoever in Ireland (except only in the Exception.

cases in the said Schedule to this Act annexed particularly specified

and mentioned), without first taking out a Licence to sell by Auction

from the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any one of them, or from some Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpose

and every such Licence shall be duly stamped according to Law, and Stamp d.

shall be of Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the time of the granting thereof and no longer; and if any Person ftrih exercise the said Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or ad Exercise in such Capacity in Ireland, without having such Licence in force. Trade without (utb Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty kicenc* Founds.

C. 82

A.D. 1814.

310

54 GEO. III.

Licence renewed annually.

[Penalty.]

Security by Bond given before obtaining Licence

for Dublin, Stc.

for other Part*.

Licence produced when required.

[Penalty.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be renewed annually Ten Days at lead before the Expiration thereof; and if any Auctioneer having had or who shall have any such Licence, and continue to carry on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer in the Year next ensuing the Expiration of such Licence, and shall have omitted to renew the same within the time aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland, who at any time after the Commencement of this Act shall exercise the Trade and Business of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, or who shall act in such Capacity, shall, previous to receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond any Person authorized to grant such Licences is hereby authorized and empowered to take in manner following; that i9 to say, every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or aft in such Capacity within every Part of the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfajly shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and Two Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each 5 and every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or aft in such Capacity in any other Part of Ireland, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and Two Sureties in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each, the Condition of which Bonds respectively shall be, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, all and every such Catalogue, Declaration and Account, as the case may be, of all and every Sale and Sales by him held or intended to be held, as he shall be by Law required to make and deliver, and also shall and will make Payment of all and every Sum or Sums of Money arising or becoming due to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the Auction Duty, for or in respect of all and every such Sale and Sales, at such time or times as the same shall by Law be payable; and also shall and will comply with all Rules and Regulations respecting the Sale or putting up to sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be sold or put up to sale by him in manner prescribed by this Act, or any other Act hereafter to be in Force for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person felling by Auction, and who by this Act is required to take out a Licence to sell by Auction, shall not at the time of any such Sale by Auction, on Demand of any Officer of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of any Officer of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, produce and shew to such Officer a Licence to such Person to sell by Auction in Force, such Person so felling shall, for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer, at the Request of any such Officer of Inland Excise and Taxes or Officer

of Ctstoms and Port Duties, to take such Person so felling by Auction and not producing such Licence, into Custody, and to bring him before a Justice of the Peace, who, upon Proof of the Fact, shall commit such Person to the House of Correction or other Gaol for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, alter or counterfeit, or shall cause to be forged, altered or counter-feitedany Licence to sell by Auction, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of as a true Licence to sell by Auction any such forged, altered or counterfeited Licence or any j Piapcr purporting to be a Licence in Force to sell by Auction, and not

being such Licence in Force, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Licence to fell by Auction the Stamp Duty whereon shall be of the highest Amount payable by Law on any such Licence, shall authorize the Person or Persons licensed thereby to fell by Auction in any Part of Ireland whatever, without any further or other Licence and any Licence; to sell by Auction the Stamp Duty whereon shall be of less Amount than aforesaid shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell by Auction in any Part of Ireland, save and except such Parts or Places, the Duty payable on any Licence to fell by Auction wherein shall be of higher Amount.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, whether alone or in Partnership with any other Person or Persons, shall be obliged to take out such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by Law charged on Auctions shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Charge upon every Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, immediately from and after the knocking down of the Hammer or other closing of the Bidding on every Article at every Sale by way of Auction, and that the Rates and Duties so charged shall be paid by every such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission in manner and at the times herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for every such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, and he is hereby authorized and required to retain the Amount of all such Rates and Duties out of the Produce of the Estate, Goods, Chattels or Efeds on the Sale of which such Rates and Duties shall become due and payable, or out of any Deposit made at any such Sale or Sales on account of the Purchase Money for such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effect9 respectively; or it shall and may be lawful for such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, to recover the Amount of such Duty by Action of Debt or on the Case against the Person or Persons by whom such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission was employed, or on whose Account such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effect9 shall have been sold.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer within the Didtrict of the Excise Office of Dublin shall, before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duties in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the said District, a written or printed Catalogue, signed by such Auctioneer, or by his known

X 4 Clerk

Imprisonment.

Forging or using a forged Liceuct.

[Penalty.]

Stamp Duty to regulate Placet of Sale under Licence.

Alone or Iq

Partnership to take Licence.

Duties charged on Auctioneer.

Auctioneer to retain Amount cf Duty.

Catalogue and

No ive of Auction given to proper Othcer.

312

C. 82.

Penalty. Where Sale does not take place, Notice given, and Declaration made.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Clerk on his behalf, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and set forth the particular Place where and the Day and Hour when such Auction is to begin, and every Article, Lot, Parcel and Thing intended to be sold at such Auction 5 and every Person who shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer in any other Part of Ireland than the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, shall before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Sale is intended to be had, a written or printed Catalogue signed by such Auctioneer, or by his known Clerk on his behalf, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and set forth the particular Place where and the Day and Hour when such Auction is to begin, and every Article, Lot, Parcel and Thing intended to be sold at such Auction 5 and if any Auctioneer shall fell or put up to lale any Ellate, Goods, Chattels or Effects, by way of Auction, without delivering or causing to be delivered any of the Catalogues hereinbefore required to be delivered, or shall at any such Sale fell or put up to sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects not particularly expressed or let forth in such Catalogue, every such Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Sale shall not take place or be opened or begun on the Day specified in any Catalogue delivered by any Auctioneer in pursuance of this Act, every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or caused to be delivered any such Catalogue for a Sale by Auction within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, shall within Twenty eight Days after the Day specified in such Catalogue as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the said District, a Declaration in Writing or in Print, ligned by such Auctioneer, or by his known Clerk on his behalf, setting forth, that no Sale whatever by wray of Auction took place, or was any way opened or begun under such Catalogue, and such Auctioneer or his known Clerk shall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before the said Examinator of Auction Duty or Collector, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and that every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or caused to have been delivered any Catalogue in any other Part of Ireland, shall within Twenty eight Days alter the Day specified in such Catalogue as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held, a like Declaration in Writing or in Print, signed as aforesaid, that no Sale whatever by way of Auction took place, or was any way opened or begun under such Catalogue in like manner as is hereinbefore required with respect to Persons felling by Auction within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, to be verified on Oath by the said Auctioneer, or his known Clerk, before the Collector of Excise, or before any Sub Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes for the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held; which Oath such Collector or Sub Commissioner respectively is hereby authorized to adnainifter; and every

A.D. 1814.

C. 82.

3!3

54 GEO. III.

Auctioneer who shall neglect to make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered such Declaration verified by Affidavit as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Auctioneer felling by Auction within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required, within Twenty eight Days after the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction to deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the said District, an exact, true and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot or Pareel, and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and every such Auctioneer or his known Clerk, shall at the same time make Oath to the Truth of such Account before the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold, shall really have been sold at the time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Article, Lot or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Auctioneer felling by Auction in any other Part of Ireland\ shall and he is hereby required in like manner, within Twenty eight Days after the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction by him held, to deliver to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Sale shall be held, an exact, true and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot and Pareel, and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and every such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk, shall make Oath to the Truth of every such lad mentioned Account before the said Golle&or of Excise, or before any Sub Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes for such District, which Oath such Collector or Sub Commissioner is hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold shall have really been sold at the time of such Account being delivered, every Auctioneer shall for every such Article, Lot or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and any Auctioneer who shall neglect or omit to deliver such respective Accounts at the respective Times and Places, and to the Persons, and verified in manner hereinbefore prescribed, shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounas.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the Auction Duty payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on every Sale, at the time when every such Account of such Sale, and the Money produced thereby, shall have been or ought to have been delivered,

upon

Auctioneer neglecting. Penalty. Auctioneer to deliver an Account of S ties at Auction on LUh.

Improper Returns.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Duty paid on delivering Account of Sale.

C. 62.

3*4

[Penalty.]

Information*! Proof to lie on Auctioneer.

Where Good* sold by Sample, Auctioneer not knowing Quantity, Proprietor to deliver Account.

Penalty. Error* in charging Duty reC tided,

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for Default of Payment at the time aforesaid, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty chargeable on such Sale.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Trial of any Information against any Auctioneer for any Offence against this Act, any Question shall arise, whether any Sale by Auction, or whether any Article, Lot or Parcel sold at any Sale, and for and in respcA of which such Information shall be filed, was exempt from the Auction Duty, the Proof that such Sale, or that such Article, Lot or Parcel (as the case may be), was exempt from the Auction Duty, and of the circumstances of such Exemption, shall lie on every such Auctioneer, and not on the Officer prosecuting such Information.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Chattels or Effects, sold by Auction, shall have been sold by Sample or otherwise, so that the Auctioneer cannot ascertain the Quantity actually fold, and where such Sale shall have taken place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, the Proprietor of such Goods, or some Agent or Person authorized on his behalf, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Commencement of such Sale, deliver to the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise for the said Dillnct, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be administered by such Officers respectively, an exact Account of the Quantity of such Goods, and the Sum of Money produced by the Sale thereof} and where such Sale shall have taken place in any other Part of Jrc land\ such Proprietor or his Agent shall, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, deliver a like Account to the Collector of the District in which such Sale shall have taken place, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be administered by such Collector; and such Proprietor or his Agent shall also in all cases, within the said, Space of Twenty one Days after the Commencement of such Sale, furnish the Auctioneer with a true Copy of such Account; and if such Proprietor or his Agent shall neglect to deliver such Account, or Copies thereof, to the Officers hereinbefore mentioned, and to the Auctioneer, in manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, every such Proprietor or his Agent so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auctioneer, by charging such Auctioneer with a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auctioneer, it shall and may be lawful for him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error shall have been discovered, before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of the Duty as shall appear to have been overcharged; and if such Duty mall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the same; and in case it shall be discovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auctioneer with a leis Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged, n shall and may be lawful for the Examinator of the Auction

Duty,

C. 82.

HD'1 % 14. 54 GEO. III.

3*5

Duty, and he is hereby required to rectify the same as speedily u may be convenient, and to report the lame to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Auctioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error, and if such Auctioneer shall not, within One Month after such Notice, shew sufficient cause to such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order a Return to be made by the said Examinator of the Auction Duty to the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duty specified in the Return of such Examinator shall be a Surcharge on such Aii&ioneer; and if such Auctioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auctioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Penalty.

[Proviso.]

Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged: Provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Auctioneer unless it shall have been made, and the Amount demanded, within Six Months after the Discovery of the Error.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Sale by Auction of Duty repaid hi any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects shall be rendered void by feTitle can-reason that the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold had no

Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof, then and in every jjtFcttsfoki. such case it shall and may be lawful for the Auctioneer chargeable with, or who shall have paid the Duty on the Things so fold, or for the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold, in case such Sale was held in the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, to lay a Complaint before the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, upon such Complaint to them made by or on behalf of such Auctioneer, or by or 00 behalf of the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine upon Oath all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses produced before them by the Parties, and thereupon or upon other due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining, and thereupon to repay the Duty in case the same shall have been paid in respect of the Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects, the Sale of which shall be rendered void; and in case such Sale was held in any other Part of Ireland, then such Complaint shall and may be laid before the Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in and for the DillriCf m which such Sale was held who shall and may and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same upon O \th, and to examine Witnesses, and thereupon and upon other due Proof to report to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes whether such Sub Commissioners are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Order for relieving such Party and repaying the Duty as to them shall feera fit, and such Duty shall be repaid upon the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them accordingly.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Complaint Limitation of shall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after such Sale, if the ume for making Sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that time; or if the Coml>lminl Safe Audi not be rendered void as aforesaid within that time, then

3i(S

C. 82.

When Owner heconrcs Pur-clul'er at Sale, an Allowance of Duty made.

Notice given of Sale of Good* dill rained lor Rent.

[Penalty.]

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

such Complaint shall be made within Three Months after the Discovery of the Person for whose Benefit any such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects was or were fold, having no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof; and no such Complaint shall be made, or any Relief given thereupon, unless such Complaint shall have been made within the time hereinbefore in that behalf prescribed, nor in any case after the Expiration of Three Years.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects put up to sale by way of Auction in Ireland shall become the Purchaser by means of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any Person on his behalf or for his Use, at such Sale without Fraud or Collusion, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Examina-for of Auction Duty in Dublin, or the Collector of Excise in the District in which such Sale shall be held, and they are respectively authorized and empowered to make an Allowance to the Owner of such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Efteds, of the Duties arising under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, upon such Bidding or Sale; provided that Notice in Writing, signed by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, that such Bidder is appointed by or on behalf of such Owner to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of such Owner, shall have been given to the Audioncer before such Bidding, and that the Delivery of such Notice shall be verified by the Oath of such Auctioneer, as also the Faimefs and Reality of the Transaction to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall sell by Auction any Goods distrained for Nonpayment of Rent, shall, Two Days previous to the Sale of such Goods, in case such Goods shall have been distrained within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, deliver to the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise of the said District, a Notice in Writing, specifying the particular Day when and Place where such Goods are intended to be sold; and shall also, within Twenty eight Days after the Day specified for such Sale to commence, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the said Examinator, and also at the Office of the said Collector of Excise an exact and true Account of every Article for Thing sold at such Sale, with the Amount of the whole Sum for which such Articles fold 5 and in case such Goods shall have been distrained in any other Part of Ireland, then such Auctioneer shall deliver a like Notice and Account respectively, within the respective times aforesaid, to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Goods shall have been distrained, and the Landlord or other Person on whose Account the Distress shall be made shall, at the Foot of every such Account, certify the exact Sum due for the Rent in respect of which such Goods shall have been distrained, and that fuen Goods were really and bona Jide distrained for such Rent; and if any such Auctioneer shall neglect to deliver any such Notice or Account in manner and to the respective Officers herein directed, such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Landlord or other Person shall give any false Certificate of any of the Particulars aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in

every

3*7

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 82.

every such case eTery such Landlord or Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall fell by Auction any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects seized for the Benefit of any Creditor by or under the Authority of any Sheriff in Execution of any Judgment, shall specify in the Accounts to be by him delivered under the Direction of this Act, the particular Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effects fold, and also the exact Sum levied under such Execution; and the Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall and is hereby required to certify at the Foot of such Account, that all the Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effects in fuel: Account specified, were really the Property of the Person against whom such Judgment was had and obtained, and that the same and every Part thereof were actually seized in Execution of the same Judgment; and every Auctioneer who shall be employed by the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt, shall likewise specify in the Account to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effects fold; and the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission shall certify at the Foot of such Account, that all the Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effects specified were really the Property of the Bankrupt at the time of filing forth the said Commission 5 and every such Certificate respectively shall be produced by every such Auctioneer to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act directed to deliver his Accounts; and such Certificate shall be Efficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auctioneer from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction; and if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Assignee or Assignees shall insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted in such Account so to be certified, any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects whatsoever, other than such as really were the Property of the Debtor or Debtors, Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid respectively; or if any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Assignee or Assignees shall respectively omit or neglect to certify on such Account within the time prescribed by this Act for the Auctioneer to deliver in his Account, the true Sum levied, or shall certify thereon any false Sum levied, then and in every such case the Party offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods damaged by Fire, sold by order or for the Benefit of the Insurer or Insurers of such Goods, or any Agent or Agents of such Insurers, shall specify in the Account to be by him or them delivered, the particular Goods which were fold 5 and the Infarer or Insurers, or the Agent or Agents of such Insurer or In-furen ordering such Sale shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to certify at the Foot thereof that all the Goods in such Account specified were really damaged Goods, and fold for the Benefit of such Insurer or Insurers; which Account so certified shall be produced by every such Auctioneer to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act directed to deliver the same; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auctioneer from all the Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction; and if any such Insurer or Insurers, Agent or Agents, shall insert or suffer or permit to be inserted in any such Account as aforesaid, any Good* whatsoever, other than such as were really fold for the

[Penalty.]

Proceedines had, in Sale of Kf-tates and hflv^ts taken in Execution, to dUchargt Auctioneer of Duty.

[Penalty.]

Proceeding! had, in S.ile of Goods

by Fire to dif-cfiarge Auctioneer of Duty.

3*8

C. 8s.

Penilty.

Books of Sale of Auctioneer produced when required.

[Penalty.]

Notice given before Carriage subject to internal Tax sold by Auction.

[Penalty.]

Duties and Penalties how levied and applied*

14 & 15 Car, 2. (1.) Sell*. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. fee.

Appeal,

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Benefit of him or them as aforesaid, or if any Insurer or Agent shall omit or neglect to certify in such Account the true Particular* of the Goods so fold, then and in every such case the Party offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer shall at the time of delivering the Accounts by this Act required to be delivered to the proper Officer, or whenever such Auctioneer shall be thereto required by such Officer, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Officer the original Book or Books of Sale of such Auctioneer, to the end that the Officer may compare the Account produced, with the Entries in such Book or Books; and if any Auctioneer shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Officer such Book or Books of Sale within Twenty four Hours after such Demand, or shall not suffer such Officer fully to examine the same, every such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Auctioneer or Person felling by Commission shall sell by Auction any Carriage subject or liable to any internal Tax or Duty in Ireland, unless such Auctioneer or Persons felling by Commission shall have given Forty eight Hours previous Notice of such intended Sale at the Excise Office of the District in which such Carriage shall be intended to be sold; and that every Person who shall fell any such Carriage by Auction or on Commission, shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Sale, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District, or to some Officer of Excise in the District in which such Sale shall take place, a Notice signed by such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, containing the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage shall be sold, and the Day of the Month and the Year when the same was so fold; and every such Auctioneer and Seller as aforesaid, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted and made payable, and all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force ia Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall

3*9

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is provided and enacted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commencement and take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of One of Act., Calendar Month next after the pafOng thereof.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

AUCTIONS. Duty.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase jff; d

Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland; Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, not herein otherwise charged, and not exempt by Law - - - - 0 O 10

Of any Interest, in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities, Debt or Sums of Money chargeable thereon, or otherwise, and of any Utensils of Husbandry and of Farming Stock, and of Ships and Vessels, and of any Article of Gold or Silver, and Jewels, except in cases where the same are otherwise charged or exempted by Law 0 0 6

Exemptions.

On the Sale of the following Articles by Auction, no Duty shall be payable; videlicet,

Any Estate, Goods or Effects sold by Auction by any Order or Decree of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, before any Matter in Chancery, or the Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy, and any Goods or Effects sold by Auction by virtue of any Judgment or Order of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Cu 'oms and Port Duties, or of their Sub Commissioners or Collectors respectively, or by Order of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or by Order of the Board of Ordnance.

All Goods woven in Ireland, and fold in the Piece or Quantity, as taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot whereof shall be of the Price of jffio. or upwards, and fold for or on Account of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers thereof.

All Produce of Land, so as the Sale by Auction thereof be made whilst it continues on the Land which produced the same.

All Cattle or other Live Stock, so as such Sale shall be made for the Account of the Owner or Occupier of the Lands, and whilst such Cattle or Live Stock continue on the Land upon which the same were dropped or reared.

Any Goods sold by Auction under Distress for Nonpayment of Rent or Tithes.

Any

320

C. 8a.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Any Grounds, Houses or Materials of Houses, or any Rents sold by Auction by Order or under the Directions of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways and Passages in Dublin.

Provided that nothing contained in the Act to which this Schedule is annexed shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person whatever from ailing as an Auctioneer in any of the Sales hereinbefore exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions, and that no Person so acting as Auctioneer at any such Sale shall be required to take out any Licence for so doing, nor shall any such Person be liable to any Penalty under the said Act in respect of any such Sale, nor on Account of such Person not having taken out a Licence pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any Woods or Coppices, and any Produce of any Mines or Quarries, and any Materials used in the working of such Mines or Quarries respectively, so as the Sale by Auction of such Woods, Coppices or Produce of Mines or Quarries be made whilst they continue on the Lands producing the same, and for the Account of the Proprietor of or Adventurer in such Mines or Quarries*

Any imported Goods, on the first Sale thereof, when fold in the original Packages in which the same were imported at the Port of Importation for the Benefit of the original Importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Cullom House at the Port of Importation.

Any Contract relating to the cutting or working of Woods, Coppices, Mines or Quarries.

Any Ellate, Goods or Effects sold at Auction under the Authority of any Sheriff or other Public Officer for the Benefit of any Creditor or Creditors in Execution of any Judgment, and any Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt sold by Order of the Assignee or Assignees under any Commission of Bankruptcy, and any Estate or Estates of any Banker or Bankers sold by Trustees appointed under or by virtue of any Act in force in Ireland.

Any Ships or Vessels, and their Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, and the Cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as Pri zes: and any Ships or Goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the Coast ot Ireland.

Any Goods damaged on board any Ship or Vessel, and sold by Auction for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof, or which may be sold free of Duty to defray the Charges of Salvage; or any Goods damaged by Fire, and sold by Order of and for the Benefit of the Insurers of such Goods.

Any Wool sold at any Sale by Auction by the Farming Society of Ireland, or by the Cork Institution, at any Public Sale Room of the said Society or Institution, such Wool being the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and sent to the said Society or Institution to be disposed of, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof, and be made for the Account of the Owner of the Land, or of the Person occupying the Land on which such Wool was grown*

32i

A.D. 1814. J4 GEO. III. C. 82, 83.

All and every the Sale and Sales by Auction of the Article* before exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions (except such as are hereinbefore expressly allowed to be held by Persons not licensed to sell by Auction) shall be held by some Auctioneer duly licensed; and every such Audioueer shall, in respect of all and every such Sale or Sales (except as aforesaid), be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations contained in this Act, except only as to the Payment of the Duty on the Sales so exempted*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and Jifues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants, in Ireland.

[ill July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Receipts

and Ijfues of His Majesty's Treasury; and for repealing an Act of 1 Parliament passed in the Tenth Year of Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act authorizing the Treasurer to make all Officers as the 1 Treasurer of England doth: And Whereas the Provisions con- taiaed in the said recited Act have not been found fully futfuient

with respect to the Safety of Public Money, in the Mode of its Receipt into the Exchequer of Ireland, or with respect to the Security and due Application of such Money after being issued from the said Exchequer to Public Accountants; Be it therefore enacted by The, King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Receiver General of any Aids, Revenues or Taxes, collected in Ireland, nor for any other Public Accountant or Receiver of any Public Money whatever, to make any Payments of any such Aids, Revenues, Taxes or Public Money, into the Hands of the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, or at the Counter of the said Exchequer, in manner heretofore used or accustomed; but all such Payments shall be made into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Teller of the Exchequer, in manner herein after directed; and no such Receiver General or other Person shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever, for refilling or neglecting to pay any Sum or Sums whatever to the said Teller of the Exchequer, or at the Counter of the said Exchequer; provided such Receiver General or other Person shall pay such Sum into the said Bank of Ireland, in manner herein after directed; any thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Lawr, Usage or Custom whatever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Monies whatever, arising from any Duties, Aids, Revenues or Taxes, or which may or ought to be 54 Geo. III. Y placed

35 G. 3- (I.) c.a8.

Payments Hiatt

not in future t)c made to Teller of Exchequer, orat the Counter.

c. 28.

Public Motile* payable into Exchequer, paid into Bank of

322 C. 83. 54 GEO. III. .0.1X14.

Ireland "Ac-, placed to the Credit of the Public Revenue of Ireland, in the Ac oHixchf* uei-61 c$unt ofbe Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and which may at any time whoXlhalTgive become payable into the Exchequer of Ireland, by any Receiver Ge-Acquitt.mces for neral or any Public Accountant, or other Person or Persons whomfe-fame on Produc-ever, for or on Account of any Aids, Revenues, Taxes, Fines or turn ot Certifi- Rents, or for or upon any other Account whatever, shall by every bank m ^uch ^ece^ver General or other Public Accountant, or Person required by Law to pay the same, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit and Account of the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; of all which Payments, Certificates or Accountable Receipts shall be granted to the Parties making such Payments, by the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of Ireland, in such Form as the Governor of the said Bank shall think fit, or as may from time to time be directed by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them for the time being; and upon the Production of any such Certificate or Accountable Receipt to the Teller of the said Exchequer, or at the Counter there, the said Teller of the Exchequer shall forthwith give and deliver to the Party producing any such Certificate or Accountable Receipt, an Exchequer Receipt or Acquittance for the Monies mentioned in such Certificate or Accountable Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank; which said Exchequer Receipt or Acquittance shall be given in such Form, and shall specify all such Particulars, and shall be recorded and countersigned in the Office of the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells of the said Exchequer, in such manner as is required by the said recited Act of 35 G. 3. (I.) the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect

c, a*to Receipts by the said Act required to be given by the said Teller

of the Exchequer, for Monies received by him according to the Directions of the said recited Act.

Exchequer Re-

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Tance^unless mencement Ad, no Exchequer Receipt or Acquittance what-

MoneyCahially* ever shall be deemed, taken or'considered as a sufficient Discharge or paid into Bank? Quietus to any Receiver General or other Public Accountant whatever for any Monies chargeable to the Account of such General Receiver or other Public Accountant, unless Payment of the Full Amount of all Monies mentioned in such Exchequer Receipt or Ac-.

' quittance shall have been actually made into the Bank of Ireland, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year, or any other Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom whatever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

No Money p*id jy. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-wlfethanby* mencement this Act, no Payment shall be made by the Teller of praft on Bank, the Exchequer in Money at the Counter of the said Exchequer* but countersigned*that all Payments and Issues of any Public Monies out of the said ky Clerk of Pells. Exchequer, for any Service yc-hatsoever, shall be made by Grafts drawn on the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, by the Teller of the said Exchequer 5 and in each and, every such*Draft, the particular Head of Service for which the same is drawn shall be specified, and each and every such Draft shall be recorded ? in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells of the said Exchequer* who shall also countersign the fame} and no Draft of the Teller of the said Exchequer, or his Deputy, shall deemed a Sufficient Voucher*

Autho-

323

54 GEO. III. C. 83.

Authority or Discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland^ unless the same shall be drawn and recorded cotmterfiorned in the manner aforesaid, and shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Monies issued mencement of this Act, all IfTaes, Advances, or Payments whatsoever, from Treasury to be made out of the Exchequer of Ireland to all Public Accoun- to .r tants whatever, the principal Seat of whose Department or Business p^ii^Ac-may be within the City or County of the City or County of Dublin, fountants,

(hill be issued and made to the Governor and Company of the Bank placed in Bank, of Ireland, by Drafts from the Teller of the said Exchequer, coun- a, 'd drawn from terfigried by the Clerk of the Pells as aforesaid, in Favour and onhence.Account of such Public Accountants, and that by virtue of such Drafts, the Money mentioned therein shall be placed to the Account vice they are to of such Public Accountants respectively, in the Books of the Bank be applied t#. of Ireland; and that all such Money so placed to the Account of such Public Accountants respectively in the Books of the said Bank of Ireland, shall remain in the said Bank of Ireland, until drawn out in manner herein after mentioned; and that all other Monies whatever which shall come to the Hands of all or any Public Accountants, shall be paid immediately on Receipt thereof, by such Public Accountants, into the said Bank of Ireland, and be placed in the Books of the said Bank to the Account of such Public Accountants respectively, and shall not at any time remain in the Hands of such Public Accountants; and that no Money shall at any time be drawn out of the Money so placed to the Account of any such Public Accountant in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, nor shall any Money be paid or applied by any such Accountant, in any manner whatever, except by Drafts drawn by such Public Accountants respectively upon the said Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, for the several Services required, according to the Office and Duty of such Public Accountants respectively 5 and signed by such Public Accountants respectively; and in every such Draft by any such Public Accountant, the Nature of the Service and the particular Head thereof to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied, or for which it is ordered or intended, shall be specified and set forth; and no Draft of any such Public Accountant shall be deemed Drafts of Publk a sufficient Voucher, Authority or Discharge to the said Governor Accountant not and Company, unless the same shall so specify the Service for which ^fficienl k is drawn, and shall be actually paid by the said Governor and specify* Company; and the Monies so to be issued from the said Exchequer Service for7 to the said Governor and Company, on Account of the said Public which drawn, Accountants respectively, or any of them, shall not be paid out &c* of the said Bank unless in pursuance of such Drafts as aforesaid, so specifying the Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which Drafts so drawn, and none other, shall be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the said Bank to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearers of such Drafts respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the Cora- Drawing Draft*, menceraent of this Act, any Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, or or aPPtyinS any Public Accountant, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, on Publ, c MonT whose Account any Money shall be paid or placed in the Bank of conliajry10 Ireland as aforesaid, flull make or Draw any Draft or Drafts for the

Y 2 Payraeat

3*4

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Teller and Public Accountants not answerable for Money; but Bank only.

On Deathr Removal of any Teller or Public Accountant, Balance in Bank to veil in S uccessors.

Balance of Cash how diipoied of.

C. 83. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814-

Payment or Application of any Part of the Money so placed to the Account of such Teller, Public Accountant, or other Person or Persons, to or for any other Purpose than the same ought by Law to be paid and applied, or without specifying in the said Draft the particular Head of Service to which the Money mentioned therein is to be applied, in manner aforesaid, or in any manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any such Teller or Public Accountant shall in any manner pay or apply any Public Monies in his Hands, or for which he is accountable, to any Purposes other than such as the same ought by Law to be paid and applied to; then and in every such case, every such Teller, Public Accountant* or other Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof by Verdict, on Information or other Proceeding for the same, by or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin, shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Fine or Sum equal to Twice the Amount of the Sum specified in any such Draft or Drafts, or so paid or applied as aforesaid contrary to the Directions of this Act, with full Coils of Suit, together with a further Sum by way of Interest thereon, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, from the time of the Judgment given or entered on any such Verdict, until the same shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland; and the Court by or before whom such Verdict or Judgment shall be given, shall and is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to any of His Majesty's Gaols, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Fine and Interest thereon as aforesaid shall be fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, and all Public Accountants and other Persons as aforesaid, observing the Rules and Regulations by this Act prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which any such Teller, Public Accountant, or other Person as aforesaid shall not actually receive, or which shall not actually be drawn for by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resigna? tion or Removal of any Teller, or of any Person or Persons being such Public Accountant or Accountants as aforesaid, the Balance or Cash for which any such Teller or Public Accountant as aforesaid shall have Credit in his Account, as such Teller or Accountant as aforesaid, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the Office or Place held by such Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, actually veil in such Successor, InTrust, for the like Services and Purposes as the same were applicable to before any such Death, Resignation or Removal; and such Balance.of Cadi shall be forthwith carried over and placed to the Account of every such Successor respectively, to be applied to such Services respectively, in pursuance of the Drafts of such Successors, as hereinbefore directed and specified; and every such succceding Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, is hereby authorized, directed and required to issue his Draft as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on account of any

Servfce*

A.D. 1 $14.

54 GEO. III. C. 83.

325

Services as aforesaid, which shall have accrued in the time of any such Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, before such Death, Resignation or Removal.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- PelU and

mere ment of this Act, the Fees of Pells and Poundage chargeable Foundage^nd on certain Iilues from the Exchequer of Ireland, shall not at any time ca[*a.f!Jr^ eS

be drawn out of the Bank of Ireland, by or on behalf of the Teller of pa., j; c Account,

the said Exchequer, but shall be carried to the Credit of the Public,

in the Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells on the Saturday in every Week, and on such other Days and Times as the Account of the Teller shall be made up from time to time; and that the Fees called Treasury Fees shall no longer be carried to the Account of the Fee Fund, but shall

in like manner be carried to the Credit of the Public, by the Auditor

General and Clerk of the Pells.

X. And be it further enn&ed, That, from and after the Com- Hospital Fees mencement of this A cl, the Fees passed Hospital Fees shall be carried Jarnei< to

to the Credit of the Public in the Account of the Consolidated Fund'

of Ireland, by the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells, on the KUm'imh.un Saturday in every Week, and on such other Days and Times as the Hospital. Account of the Teller shall be made up from time to time; and that it shall Be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Warrant, to direct the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, at the End of every Quarter of a Year ending on the Tenth Day of October, Fifth Day of January,

Fifth Day of April and Fifth Day of July, in every Year, to issue out of the said Consolidated Fund the full Amount of such Hospital Fees as may have so been brought to the Credit of the Public, in the Quarter of the Year preceding such Days respectively, to be applied to the use of the said Hospital at Kilmatnham, in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall by such Warrant order and direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Treasury may mencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord regulate Issue High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commissioners for executing ExPenilitu|* the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and Money*C

be and they is and are hereby full y authorized and empowered to make, frame, issue and give all such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Directions, as to such Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, shall seem fitting, expedient and necessary, to all and every Officers, Accountants, and other Person and Persons acting in the Receipt and Issue of any Public Monies in Ireland for the proper and legal Conduct and Management of fych Receipt and Issue, and for the Conduct of the several Officers, Accountants and Persons concerned in the same; and that any Officer, Accountant or other Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to obey, or shall infringe or violate, or in any way act contrary to or against any Rule, Order, Regulation or Direction, which at any time before the Commencement of this Act shall have been, or which at any time after the Commencement of this Act shall be made, framed, issued or given, by the said Lord High Treasurer of Inland, or by the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of

y 3

Five

3*

[Penalty.]

Salaries now charged on Fee Fund of Treasury hereafter to be chargeable on Conl'olidated Fund.

Certain Officer* to hold only one Office in Exchequer.

[Penalty.]

Account of EftaMishment annually laid before Parliament.

C. 83. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Five hundred Pounds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Information or other Proceeding, in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, by or in the Name of His Majest'y's Attorney General of Ireland; and every such Person, being convicted in such Information, shall for ever thereafter be and become incapable of holding any Office, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants for charging upon the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and for issuing the reout, all Salaries and Allowances whatever, of the Nature of the Salaries and Allowances now charged or chargeable upon the Fee Fund and Incidents of the Treasury of Ireland; and the same shall be charged and issued accordingly, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be had in that behalf.

XIII. And Whereas it is expedient that in the several Offices for the Control, Examination and Cheque on the Teller of the Ex-1 chequer, all Persons concerned in such Control, Examination and Cheque, should be respectively confined to the Duty of one Office < or Place only; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Person belonging to or employed in any of the several Offices of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Auditor General, or of the Clerk of the Pells, or of the Teller of the Exchequer, to hold any Office or Place in or to be employed in more than One of the said Offices at one and the same time; and that no Officer or Person bolding any Place or Employment in any One of the said Offices shall be capable of holding or taking any Office, Place or Employment, in any other of the said Offices, until he shall have resigned the Office or Place or Employment so first held by him; and that if any such-Officer or other Person shall take or hold any Office, Place or Employment contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Officer or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin; and everer Person who shall be convictyd in such Penalty shall, from and after such Verdict and Judgment thereon, be rendered incapable of holding any Office, Place or Employment, Civil, or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty,his Heirs or Successors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Establishment of the Treasury and Exchequer of Ireland, and the Officers and Clerks of the same, with the Amount of all Salaries and Allowances payable to them, or any of them, and of all Charges and Expences incident to the said Treasury and Exchequer, and of the Increase or Diminution of the Amount of such Salaries, Allowances and Expenses, and the Causes and Reasons of such Increase or Diminution, shall be yearly laid before Parliament, by the Secretary of

327

54 GEO. III. C. S3, 844

the said Treasury, within Six Weeks after the First Meeting of Parliament in each and every Year.

XV. And Whereas there appears now {landing in the Account of the Teller of the said Exchequer of Ireland, the Sum of Nino

thousand and seventy one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence Irish Currency, being Charges continued from the Account of a 4 former Teller or former Tellers of the Exchequer, but which is not recoverable or applicable to the Use of the Public; and it is

expedient that the said Account or the said Teller should be discharged and exonerated from the said Sum Be it therefore

eoacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Trea- Sum in Account surer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any former leiler. Three of them, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, 1 publk ^ervic* to direct the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells of the said discharged. Exchequer to discharge and exonerate the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer from the said Sum of Nine thousand and seventy one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence; and the same shall be thereupon fully acquitted, exonerated and discharged from the same, by the said Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-and take Effect from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month' ment text after the passing thereof.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in England.

[1st July 1814.]

WHEREAS the time now appointed for holding the Quarter Sessions for the Michaelmas Quarter might be altered

so as to render the Attendance at the same more generally convenimt than it is at present Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Quarter Sessions for the Michaelmas Quarter shall in every Year be holden, for every County, Riding,

Dirifion, City, Borough and Place, within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, in the first Week after the Eleventh Day of October, instead of at the time now appointed for holding the same; and that all Acts, Matters and Things, done, performed and| transacted, at the time appointed by this Act for holding the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, shall be as valid and binding to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been done, performed and transacted, at the time heretofore appointed for the holding of such Sessions; any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in chis Act shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to alter or vary the time at which the Sef-ow for London or Middlesex are now holden.

CBy 2$ E. 3* Slat, I. c. 7. the Michaelmas Quarter Sejfons werej / appointed to be held at the Feqft of St. Michael;  by 36 .3. c. 12. within Eight Days of Saint Michael; by 2 H. 5. 

2tat* 1 r. 4.  a. in the first Week after the Feaflpf St. Michael.]

When Michaelmas Quarter Sessions shall he held, in Counties in England.

Proviso for London and Middlesex.

v 4

3*3

C. 8$> 86,

54 GEaiH,

A-IXi^'

CAP. LXXXV.

Act Atl for raising the Sum of Three Millions by way of An, ' nuities for the Service of Ireland.

[14th July 1814.]

[^5, 500, 000 for Service of, c. 76. 19. ante.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

41 G. 3. C. 7*.

in pare,

49 0.3* c. 123. in part.

S1 O.3. c. 104. wholly.

52 G. 3. c. 13*. exccpi 15, 16, 17.

53 0.3.*c. 63. in par,

y .3' l'

An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money? and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital.

[14th tJuly 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the En* 4 couragemenl of Seamen, and for the belter and more effectually Man- ning His Majesty's Navy during the present War: And Whereas- another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty ffth Year of His present Majesty, for Encouragement oj Seamen, and for the better and more tjffic dually Manning His Majesty t 4 Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen; and for the better and more efjedually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital fur Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the pqffwg of the said Act: And Whereas another*Act pafl*ed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extending and amending the Regulations now in force relative to the Payment of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money: AndWhereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining, amending and extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for dire ding the Mode of Making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, to American Prizes: And Whereas His Majesty hath of His Royal Munificence been graciously pleased by several Proclamations, to declare His Will and Pleasure to give the Benefit of all Prizes taken during the Hostilities in which His Majesty is engaged to the Captors thereof, being in His Majesty's Service, or duly Commissioned, save as therein ex-r 4 cepted: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Regulations for the Payment of Prize and other Monies to the Land Foroes,

and for the Interests of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and it will greatly tend to the better Execution of such Provisions of the said Acts as relate to Prize and other Monies due and Payable to the Land Foroes, and to the Rights and Interests of the Royal 4 'Hospital at Chclfedy and of such other Provisions as may be necessary in that behalf, that the whole thereof should be consolidated Into One Act and for that Purpose that the Provisions of the said recited Acts ift that behalf made should be repealed Be it enacted

C. 86.

54 GEO. III.

329

by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famj, That all and every the Provisions and Regulations, Clauses,

Mitters and Things in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, relative to Prize and other Monies, due and payable to the Land Foroes, and to the Rights and Interests of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, or in any way affecting or applicable to the said Royal Rofpftai, or the Governors, Directors, or other Officers thereof,

(Ldl be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except as to so repealed, much of the said Act of the Fifty second of His present Majesty as relates to the Payment of Widows' Pensions and to Letters and Packets sent from the Office of the Paymaster General, being free of PoiLige; and save and except as to all Acts, Matters and Things Exceptions.

'lone or required to be done under the said Acts or in pursuance of any the Clauses or Provisions thereof, which shall be and are hereby dec!^ed to be as good, valid and effectual, and shall remain in as tull force to all Purposes as if the same had been done under and in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act: Provided nevertheless, Proviso for rc that nothing in this Act contained repealing other Acts shall be P-al; nS Acts. held to revive any former Act or Acts, or Clauses thereof, by those other Acts repealed.

11. And be it further enacted, That in all Captures which shall Capture* dif-be made by His Majesty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial,

Rack, and all otiier Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or belonging to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, whether in Conjund Expeditions with His Majesty's Navy, or otherwise, of any Fortress or Possession of His Majesty's Enemies upon the Land, or of any Ship or Vessel in any Road, Haven, River or Creek belonging to stich Fortress or Poffi ifion, the Commanders and other Officers and Soldiers acting on such Expeditions shall have such Right and Interest as His Majesty shall think fit to order and direct, in all the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure belonging to the State, or to any Public Trading Company of such Enemies, which shall be found in such Fortress or Possession; and also in all and every Ship or Veflek, &c. d-Vefltl, with their Artns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furni- judged Uwful ture, and all the Goods, Merchandize and other Effects on board the Prize in AdmW same, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River or Creek, ralty ^0uru belonging to such Fortress or Possession, after final Adjudication thereof, as lawful Prize to His Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of the same (which Courts are hereby required to proceed therein to lawful Adjudication), to be divided in such Proportions, and according to such general Rule of Distribution for the Army as shall be established by His Majesty, or in Default thereof in such manner as His Majesty shall, under his Sign Manual be pleased to direct.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer, Deserter* not Nou Commissioned Officer or Soldier, belonging to any Regiment, entitled ro Troop or Company in His Majesty's Army, who shall be entitled to Pf*te Mone7' any Share or Shares in any Prize or Capture taken from any of His Majesty's Enemies, and who shall desert or withdraw himself or themselve* from His Majesty's 'Service before such Share or Shares

shall

33

C. 8 6.

?hnrcs not claimed within Six Years after being paid to Tre -ifurer of Chelsea Holj i. tui forfeited.

Appr ifemems and Sales made by Ajients appointed by Commanders,

iLC,

Agents taking Coramitlion or Emolument in respect cf Agency.

Pentlty.

Agents to give. Security \ y Bond, which, with Three attested Copies, and Three

54 GEO. III. A.D. 14t4.

shall be paid to him or them respectively, shall have or be entitled to have or claim any Interest in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares, or any Part thereof, which at the time of such Desertion shall remain unpaid; but the Share or Shares of every such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so deserting, in or to any such Prize or Capture, or such Part of any such Share or Shares, as at the time of his or their Desertion shall remain unpaid; and also the Shares of all Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the same shall have been paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, by virtue of any Law then in force; shall be forfeited to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, unless such Officers, Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers as shall have deserted, shall be restored by His Majesty's Proclamation, or otherwise pardoned; and unless with respect to such Shares of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers as shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and allowed by the Directors of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, or any Five or more of them, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Captures as aforesaid, all Appraisements and Sales of any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure which shall be found in any such Fortress or Possession as aforesaid, and to which the Commanders and other Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Commanders and other Officers entitled thereto; that is to say, the Commander in Chief and Field Officers acting on the Expedition in which such Fortress or Possession was captured, shall appoint one Agent and the other Commissioned Officers entitled thereto, or the Majority of them, if more than one, may appoint another Agent to a & for them, such Appointment being made by Letter of Attorney or Letters of Attorney for that Purpose, Copies of which shall be transmitted as herein after mentioned; and no Person or Persons except the Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents, or who shall have given Security as required by this Act, and who shall actually discharge the Duties of Agent, shall under any Colour or Pretence receive any Part, Share or Proportion of any Commission in respect of such Agency Business, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit out of any such Commission; and all and every Person or Persons so nominated and appointed Agents or Agent, who shall give to or allow to be taken by any other Person or Persons, and every Person who shall take, accept or receive, either himself or by any other Person on his behalf, or for his Use, Benefit or Advantage, or the Use, Benefit or Advantage of any Part of his Family, any Part, Share or Proportion of any such Commission, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit thereout, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the Amount or Value of what shall have been so given or allowed to be taken, or shall have been so taken and received as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Person so appointed shall act as Agent for Army Prize or Capture, the Person so appointed shall give Security with One sufficient Surety, by a joint and several Bond in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* and to the Commander in Chief for the

16 tin#

A.D. 1glif.

54 GEO. III. C. 8rfj

33*

time being of His Majesty's Land Foroes, for duly and faithfully Copies of L etter executing his said Trull, and accounting for and paying over all of ^norne1 Sums of Money which shall come to his Hands by reason of his del, vered, to laid Agency; which said Bond, together with Three attested Copies chiT*"* " th*Teof, and also Three Copies of the Letter or Letters of Attorney who OnII ti anf-appointing such Person Agent, shall be delivered by such Agent to mt such nd the Commander in Chief acting on that Expedition, and shall be in a, d the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) chtlfea'rt Spiral hereunto annexed. and to Wi r

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commander in Chief to Oihc. whom such Bond and attested Copies shall be so delivered, shall by the

finl Conveyance transmit the said Bond and one attested Copy of the said Letter of Attorney to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and one of the Copies of the said Bond to the War Office, and by the next Conveyance shall transmit one other such Copy of the Bond and Letter of Attorney to the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital and War Office respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bond shall Bond put ii 1 Suit

become absolute by Nonperformance of any Condition thereof, it 0, 1 form-

shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General at the Request ofn<: e

the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and he is hereby required to in- IUoIls' stitute such Suit or Suits as may be expedient for the Recovery of the Penalty thereof; and the same when recovered shall be paid to the fad Treasurer to and for the Use of the said Royal Hospital.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That forthwith after the Ap- Certified 1 Jft of

pointment of such Agent or Agents the Commanding Officer of Perl, ni 'titled every Regiment or Corps, entitled to share in the Proceeds of the ejjvcr

said Capture, shall transmit to the Agent or Agents so appointed a ed u^Age au*" Lift of the Persons in the Regiment or Corps under his Command

entitled to (bare therein, which Lift shall be signed by the said

Commanding Officer, the Names being arranged in the same Order

m which they Hand in the Muster Rolls of such Regiments or

Corps, and the same shall be examined with and corrected by the

Muster Rolls; and in case no such Prize Lift as aforesaid shall be

sent to such Agent or Agents, he or they shall apply to the Com*.

miliary General of Mullers for Lifts of the Persons entitled to share

in fitch Capture, and such Lifts shall thereupon be made out from the Returns in the Office of the said Commissary General of Muliers,

who shall cause the same to be made out, and certify the Truth thereof

under his Hand; and any Person or Persons who shall alter the Fraudul# ntly

Name or Rating of any Person or Persons in any List which shall altering JLift.

have been so certified as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name

therefrom or add any Name thereto after the same shall have been so

certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons or Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That within One Month after the Notifi*ition of Sale or Sales of any such Capture or Captures as aforesaid shall be Sale gb en in completed, public Notification shall be giveu by the Agent or Agents Ga*eU*&cw appointed to sell the same for the Payment of the several Shares to ]vioiuh and the Persons respectively entitled thereto, which Notification shall be cviy sent to inserted in same Gazette or Newspaper of Public Authority, or in 1 reaiurer of

Oie of the most Public Newspapers of the island or Place where Chelsea Hoipiut such Sale, or Sales shall have been made, and if no Newspapers are War Office.

there

33*

C. 86.

y*nalrj

Regift ra r$ t transmit quai-terly.o Treasurer i f Chvli'e* Hospital Lilt of Prizes a i-judged.

Registra rs of Vice A !miralty Courts I o do the same.

[Penalty.]

SuMVitutd Agents o ount-aMf to Clxltea Hospital fc r unclaimed or forfeited Shafi*.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

there published then the said Notification shall be affixed to the Church or some other public and conspicuous Place; and the Agent giving such Notification shall, by the first Conveyance after the same shall be given, transmit Two Copies of such Notifications and of the Gazette or Paper containing the same to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and the other Copy to the War Office; and every Agent who shall neglect to give such Notification or transmit such Papers as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of the High Court of Appeals and High Court of Admiralty respectively shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital or his Deputy, a List of all the Prizes taken in any Con-jun& Expeditions with the Navy and Army, which shall have been adjudged in their Courts respectively in the Three Mouths preceding, together with the Names of the Capturing Ships and their Commanders, and of the Agents for the Captors, and the Dates of the Captures and Sentences respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty sixth of Day March and the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, or lo soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for England, transmit to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea a List of all the Prizes taken in any such Conjunt Expedi* tion as aforesaid, which have been adjudged in their Courts respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the Dates of the several Captures, as far as the same may appear, the Names of the Capturing Ships and their Commanders, the Agents of the Captors, a Copy of the Decretal Part of the Sentences upon the same, and at the same time deliver or cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the same to the Deputy of the said Treasurer resident at the Place where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be established, or to which their Jurisdiction shall extend; and in case any such Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall neglect or refute to transmit such Lifts, or to deliver Duplicates thereof at the times and in the manner aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Agent or Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes For the Sale and Distribution thereof shall, after the Proceeds of such Prize or Prizes or any Part thereof, or any such Bounty Money as aforesaid, shall have been received, appoint or substitute any other Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons, to distribute and pay over to any of the Captors their Shares for or on Account of such Prize or Prizes, and shall remit to such substituted Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons, any Sum or Sums of Money for Distribution as aforesaid, such substituted Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, shall from the time of such Sum or Sums of Money being received by them respectively, be and they are hereby declared to be answerable and accountable to the said Royal Hospital for all and every Part and Parts, Share and Shares, of such Sum and Sums of Money

7

S4* GEO. III. C. 8<S,

333

as shall be unclaimed or forfeited by any of the Captors entitled to the same; and such substituted Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, shall not repay or refund the unclaimed or forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money, or any Part thereof to the original Agent or Agents who shall have remitted such Money for Distribution as aforesaid, but shall after the time for Distribution of such Prize Money shall have ceased, (and within the time in which Prize Agents are directed by this Act to pay over Shares or Balanced remaining in their Hands) pay or cause to be paid all unclaimed and forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money unto the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy, in the same manner and under the same Restrictions, and subject to the same Penalties for Non compliance, as is directed respecting the original Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Regift-nrs of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of Marshy the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Twentieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days respectively, so far as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vict Admiralty as soon after each such Quarter Days as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain, deliver or transmit unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the time being, a true Copy or Transcript under his or their Han* J or Hands, of all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or &-livered to them after the passing of this Act, by any Agent or A gen for any Prize or Prizes taken, or to be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War or hired armed Ships in any Conjunct Jj, x^ pedition with His Majesty's Army, or by any Agent or Agents for (he Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills in which the Army shall be entitled to share; which Copy or Transcript shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agent*, tHfc Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Pri rateerg of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prices (htfty have been taken, or by which such Ships ot War or Privates* of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise dostroyed* together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Cond rmhatioft shall have passed therein), and of the Appeal (if any mtt.Tposed)* to which Copies tin? Judge and Judges of the said Court ai id Court* shall affix his and their Seal of Office; and the said Copies, wheu receivedby the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital: it Cheifed* shall be tli^re registered and open to Inspection by 8/iy Perfaja gratis; the Charge of which Copies, and affixing the Sf al or Seak thereto, add transinitUng the same to the Treasurer of tire said H-jritaft, straflbe paid by the said Agent or Agents at the time of registr drim^ly* or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney; and id <&fe such Iteg* rar or Registrars shall neglect or refuse; to transcribfc |ffi^uch Copy'and Copies of $he said Letter and Letters ofnep ift warmer afoirefaiq* such Registrdr ancf Registrars io^of rrfu^ng j&afl forfeit the' Sum of One hundred Poipid'^'XIV: Aha

Reg: trjrs to trap hiittoTreii-(up 3 of Chelsea H< spital Copy of all Letters of A ttorney deli rered to them,

rith Particulate

#f Prices.

[Penalty.]

334

Notio i of Condemns t'on sent by Age DttoTrei-i'urer c i Chelsea Hospit al within Six W eeks.

'Penalt y.

Acconn t of Sales ot Prizes sent also attested upon Oat b.

[Penalty.]

Manner of giving Notice i D Gazett or otherwise before t Distribution of Priaes.

C. 86* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1^4.

XIV. And be it Further enabled, That every Agent resident in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty of any Prize taken in any Conjunft Expedition with the Army, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy, together with an Account of the State of the Property condemned ut the time of such Transmission, according to the Schedule marked (B.) in the Appendix to this Act, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of One hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cauie be shewn to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, after the Sale of the Proceeds of any Capture made by the Army is completed, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, an attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize duly verified upon Oath, together with attested Copies of all Vouchers relating thereto 5 and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit to the said Treasurer such attested Copies of Accounts and Vouchers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of His Majesty's Ships of War or hired armed Ships in any Conjunct Expedition with His Majesty's Army, in this or any former War, or after the Receipt of any Bounty or other Monies in the Nature thereof, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, by the Agent or Person authorized to receive the same, public Notification iti manner herein after mentioned shall be given by the Persons or iVgents appointed to receive the same, for the Payment of the several S bares to the Captors; that is to say, if the Prize or Prizes shall have been condemned in His Majesty's High Court of Adrtiiralty of Gt'eat Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, ap-poi.nted or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of such rri'Ae or Prizes, shall insert and publisti, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, together with a Notification of the Amount of an Individual's' Share in each Class, in the London Gazette, and if any Court of Vic* Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newspaper or Public Authority of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been o f shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette or such other N ewfpaper published there, then in some one of the moil Public Newspatpers of such Island or Place, and if no Newspapers are there published, then by affixing Notice to the Church, or some other Public ftuilding, directed by the Governor of such Island or Place; and all Persons or Agents publishing or causing to be published every fudh Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or Searcher for the time being of His Majesty's Customs Tefiding at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy Or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Four of those Gazetts or other Newspapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted and published, together with Four Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share in each Class 5 and if there should not be any Public Newspapers in any fiieb Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give Four such Notifications

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 86.

m

tions in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, together with Four such Notifications of the Amount of an Individuals Share, to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Search* as aforesaid; and every such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notification respectively, and shall forthwith deliver One of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications of Distribution, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, resident at the Place where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be established, or to which its Jurisdiction shall extend, and by the Firil Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications respectivelyl from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the time being, One of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered 5 and shall by the Second Ship or Vessel which shall fail from the said Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain, transmit in like manner to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, One other of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or other Notifications, together with One other Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share, marked by him a Duplicate of the former; and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said Four Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications, and the other Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody 5 and at all Ports and Places where Vice Admiralty Courts with Jurisdiction in Prize Causes are or shall be constituted, at which there shall be no Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or other Officer of the Customs, the said Gazettes, Newspapers or other Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, shall be delivered to and transmitted and kept respectively, in like manner, by the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of such Vice Admiralty Court $ and at all other Places where

Prize or Bounty Money shall be distributed or payable, where there Audi be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, shall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place, or his Deputy, for the Purpose of being transmitted and kept as aforesaid; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify the Name or Names of the Prize or Prizes about to be distributed, and of the Ship or Ships by which the same shall have been captured, and also the precise Day of the Month and Year on which such Capture or Captures shall have been made, and also his or their Place or Places of Abode, Christian and Surname, or Christian and Surnames, at full Length, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of

the

33<5

C. 86.

Agent neeletling to g ve required Notification before Ditfribution ot Prizes.

[Penalty.]

Collectors and other Officers neglecting to at-telt and lend public Notifications of Amount of Individual Shares.

[Penalty.]

Notifications, on Proof of j^nd-writing of

C'oll-Clor>iC-

fu'F^ient E*-

inc

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications with respect. to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, or of which, being condemned abroad, the Distribution shall be made in Great Britain, shall be published in the Landon Gazette Three Days at kaft before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to arty such Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, where the Distribution shall also be made in such other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Regillrar or Deputy Regillrar, or principal Civil Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, One Day at kaft before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto; after which several and respective Notifications, if any Man's Share shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, cither belonging to such Men as shall have deserted from His Majesty's Land Service, or which shall not be legally demanded and paid within Three Months next after such Notification, then such Share or Shares so remaining in such Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall desert from His Majesty's Land Service, shall go sod be paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Agent appointed or to be appointed for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes, taken or to be taken from the Enemy, by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War or hired armed Vessels in any Conjunct Expedition with the Army, or for the Distribution of any Bounty Money, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, shall uegleCl or refute to publish, give or deliver aay Notification herein directed or required to be published, given or delivered, or shall not give, publish or deliver any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money' or other Money in the Nature of Bounty Money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or set forth in such Notification the Matters and Tilings herein directed to be specified and set forth, every such Person or Agent shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court in which the same shall be sued for; and if any Collector, Comptroller or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, Regillrar of any Vice Admiralty Court, or Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall nogkft cr refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspaper or written Notification or Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share as aforesaid, in such manner as is by this Act directed, every such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Registrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy" or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, Newspapers and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Colk&or, Comptroller or Searcher, Registrar of any' Court of Vice Admiralty, or Principal Civil Officer or Officers or such Deputy jot Deputies at

afore-

54 GEO. III. C. 86.

337

aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Comptroller, Sencher, Registrar,

Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or Deputy Or Deputies, from time to time and at all times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity, and Admiralty, that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and speciLd as the Agent or Agents of the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned is or are such Agent or Agents.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That at the End of Four At End of Four Months after the Date of the Notifications of Distributions by this Months after Ad directed to be given, every Prize Agent and Person authorized f^teof Nytifica-lo receive any Bounty Money or other Monies to which His Majesty's p*

Army arc or shall be entitled, whether such Monies shall have arisen Agent Hull pay from Captures made by the Army alone, or in conjunction with the overB.dan.es Navy, shall pay over all Shares and Balances then remaining unpaid unpaid to I'rea-to the Treasurer of Chefcn Hospital, or such Person or Persons as (^r^1 ca he shall appoint and depute to receive the same, or duly remit the tra^it\o him same for Payment in England; and shall likewise make out and all Account of transmit to the said Treasurer of the Lid Royal Hospital, or his Produce of Deputy, a true Statement and Account in Writing under his or their Fuze, with Pay-Hand or Hands, of the Produce of all such Prize or Prizes, Bounty nlerP ot slre*' or other Monies as aferefuid, together with an Account of the Pay- ve4lhc on al*meats of the several Shares to the Parties entitled thereto, which shall have then been really and truly by him paid, and shall verify such Statement and Account on Oath (which Oath the said Trea-furrr of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer); and such Agent or other Persons authorized as aforesaid shall at the same time deliver to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, a Copy (upoo Oath) of the Distribution Lift on which the Payments have been made, and of the Prize Lift delivered by the Commander or Commanders of Regiments, or of the Capturing Ship, or the Commissioners of the Navy, or Commissary General of the Musters, as the case may have been, to the Prize Agent, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: and every Prize Agent, and Perl'on authorized NeglefUng. to receive Bounty and other Monies as aforesaid, who shall ref life or

tl, as herein directed, to pay such Shares and Balai

vithin

Th rty Days after the Expiration of inch Four Months, shall forfeit

th; Sum of One hundred Pounds, and pay Interest upon such Shares Penalty.

and Balances after the Rate of One Shilling jVr Centum pet' Month

and every Px*i/.e Agent or Person authorized to receive inch Bounty

or other Monies as aforesaid, who shall have neglected or relufed to Refusing to

tram mi t and verify within such Four Months an Account, as above noiimit Ac-

threthd, of the Proceeds of such Prize, Bounty or other Monies as C4, jnt*

aforesaid, and of the Distribution thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty.

hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it farther er.acted, That, from and after the passing Five p^rCent. of this Act, the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum shall be allowed to Army Prize Agents upon all Prize or Bounty Money, or Money b in the nature of Prize Money, which shall be distributed by them to the Captors entitled thereto, or be paid over to Chelsea Hospital in pursuance of this Act.: f

XXI. And be it further cna<sted> That after the Balances shall Treasurer have beet) so j>aid over to the Treasurer of Chelj'ea Hospital, or his 0

;: ..$40eo. III. Z Deputy, oiHcefori*.

ceiving Claims. for Shares.

Commissioned Officer directing his Distributive Balance not to be paid over, same to remain uirh Agent.

No Deduction allowed in Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares.

Agents Abroad to deliver verified Accounts in Vice Admiralty Court in Six Months nftc r Commencement of Distribution, and remit Balances to Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital in certain Period.

[Penalty.]

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital exercising Powers given by Law to compel Agents to account, &c.

C. 86. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Deputy, the said Treasurer, or his Deputy shall keep an Office open from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four 01 the Clock in the Afternoon, on every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) for the Purpose of receiving Claims for Shares, to be refunded according to the Provisions of this Act, and shall pay and refund such Shares when demanded, according to the Regulations in this Act contained.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Commissioned Officer of the Army shall direct by any Order in Writing that his distributive Share or Balance shall not be paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, the same shall for the Space of Three Years remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Order as such Officer may give respecting the same: Provided nevertheless, that if at the End of Three Years such Share or Balance shall not have been paid over to the Officer entitled to the same, the Agent shall pay the Share or Balance remaining in his Hands to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction shall be allowed on any Account in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for any Sums not appearing upon the Distribution Lift to have been thereon paid, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Parties entitled thereto, or their lawful Attornies, are produced for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Agent acting as such in any of His Majesty's Settlements, Colonies or Plantations Abroad, or in any Place out of the United Kingdom, for any Prize taken in any conjunft Expedition with the Army, shall make up his Accounts, and deliver up and verify the same in the Vice Admiralty Court in which such Prize shall have been condemned, in such manner as the said Court shall require, within Six Months after the Commencement of the Distribution of the Proceeds of such Prize, and shall under the Direction of the Court, on the Application of the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or of his Deputy there resident, and in such manner as shall be specified in any Order made for that Purpose, remit all unclaimed Balances and Shares payable to the Army, and all Shares of Deserters from the Army, to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital in England, so as that the same, as to every Place except the East Indies, may be paid to the said Treasurer within Six Months, and as to any Place in the East Indies, within Twelve Mouths next after exhibiting his Accounts in such Court, in such manner as the said Court shall require as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting the Sum specified in his Bond for the due Performance of his Duty as a Prize Agent.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Remedies given by this Act to, or that may by Law be used or enforced, or Actions that may be brought by any Captor or Captors, to compel Agents to exhibit their Accounts and verify the lame, and bring in Proceeds, and enforce Distribution or the Performance of any other Duty in his said Char after as Agent, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, may and shall be used, exercised, enforced and put in Execution on behalf of the Army generally, or on behalf of an y Individual belonging to the Army and entitled

34 to

C. 86.

339

54 GEO. III.

to Share in any Prize or Bounty Money, by the Treasurer of Chilfea Hospital, in as full and ample a manner as by the Captors themselves, or any individual Captor himself; and that all the said Powers and Remedies which may be used and enforced, or Actions which may be brought against an Agent, shall and may in case of the Death of such Agent be used and enforced or brought by the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, against his Legal Personal Representative, if such Personal Representative shall have received Allets of his Teilator; and the Estate and Effects of such Agent shall, as far as the same will extend, be answerable and accountable for the Prize Money so unaccounted for, and the Penalties imposed by this Act for not duly accounting for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Shares of Prize Shares of Priz Money due and to become due to Non Commissioned Officers and Money paid to Soldiers of the Army, in case of such Conjunft Expeditions as Persons entitled aforesaid, shall be paid by the Agent or by the Treasurer or Deputy ^ereto, or Per-Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, as the case may ^Orde^'et require, to the Persons entitled thereto, or Persons authorized by an forth in Sche-Order in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed duie C. marked (C.) to receive the same; which Order shall specify the Place, Fortress or Ships out of which the Prize Money shall have arisen, together with the Name of the Regiment or Corps to which such Non Commissioned Officer shall have belonged at the time of the Capture; and the Person making such Order mall also procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule marked (D.) which Certificate shall be signed by the Certificates pro-Commanding Officer, Adjutant and Paymaster of the Regiment in ^or, n

which such Person shall be serving, provided the Signatures of such Officers can be obtained; and in case the Signatures of all or any nexe<j marked of such respective Officers cannot be obtained by reason of the D, E, and F. Regiment, or Part of the Regiment being on Detachment or other unavoidable Cause, then and in such case such Certificate shall be signed by such of the said Officers as may be present where the Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier is then serving, and any other Commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps then present, so that there shall not be less than the Signatures of Three Commissioned Officers to such Certificate; or in case such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hospital or Sick Quarters, so that he cannot procure such Certificate of his Officers as above mentioned, the same shall be dated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate shall be signed by the Three Senior Officers belonging to such Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to such Hospital or Sick Quarters (as the case may require), and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hospital, or residing at such Quarters; or in case such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been discharged from the Service, then he shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the EfTedl set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (E.), and which shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland), by the Minister and One of the Elders, in the Parish or Place in which such discharged Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier may then reside; or if such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be dead, then the Person entitled to receive his Share

Z 2 of

34o

I'roviso*

[Proviso.]

Order* for Payment to have Stamp.

Order altered after Attention.

Misdemeinor.

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital appointing Deputy.

No Fee taken

on paying any Sl aie refunded by Chelsea Hospital.

[Penalty.]

Agents tofatlsfy C airns of l'er-fons accompanied with a Requifi-tion from Treasurer of Chelsea Hof] ital.

C. 86. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

of such Prize or Bounty Money shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule here-unto annexed marked (F.), which Certificate shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minifiler and One of the Elders, of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall then reside: Provided always, that every such Order as above described shall be revocable by the Person making the same: Provided also, that no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money which shall be in course of Payment or Distribution to any such Non Commissioned Officer or Suldier as aforesaid, if the Party making such Order shall be then residing or Dwelling within the Difiiance of five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money, cr Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person or Persons upon any Order made, within the Difiiance aforesaid from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be Payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in a Course of Distribution at the time of making such Order, such Payment shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order made under the Authority of this Act directing the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and no more shall be payable to His Majesty, and that no Order purporting to authorize the Receipt of Shares due to more than One Person shall be deemed valid, but that the same shall be void and of no Eifedl,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall insert, or cause to be inserted in any Order or Authority for receiving Prize or Bounty Money after Attestation thereof as hereinbefore directed, any other Matter than what shall have been originally exprefiod in the said Order or Authority, when the same shall have been attefiied, the said Person shall, for every such Offence, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be punished accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think fit to be his Deputy or Deputies for receiving Applications and Claiir. % for Prize and Bounty Monies to which the Army shall be entitled^ and for other the Purposes of this Act, at such Port or Places as he shall from time to time think necessary.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person paying any Share or Balance of Prize Money refunded by Chelsea Hospital, shall receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward from or on account of any Payment thereof, or of any Act, Matter or Thing done relating to the procuring or paying the same to any Claimant, or any Person on his behalf, under any Pretence whatsoever, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence One hundred Pounds,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Claim of Prize or Bounty Money shall be made upon any Prize Agent or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requisition in Writing from the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G.), requiring that such Claim may be either satisfied or a reafoa assigned for its Ddallowance,

54 GEO. III. C. 8 6.

34*

such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either Pay the same or slate in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the reason of his or their refuting to do so, and deliver the same to the Party claiming the same and presenting such Requisition.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Tetters or Fackets letters on addressed to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Art, rs of CheU time being, upon any Business or Affairs relative to Prize Matters, [ea or upon any other Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, rCe  *'

(bail, from and after the passing of this Act, be freed from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being or his Deputy, upon such Business or Affairs as aforesaid, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Matters aforesaid that shall be forwarded by the said Treasurer as aforesaid shall be under Cover, with the Words " Pur-u suant to Act of Parliament, Fifty fourth George the Third,* printed upon the same; and the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, shall write his Name under the same; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from in-doling or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Sending any his Deputy shall fend or convey, under any of the Covers aforesaid, thing under any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Bufi- pover not relat-refs or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, the Person so offending ins to 0 plta

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One Penalty, hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed by Chelsea Hospital in executing the Regulations of this Act shall nottoaftai ad as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly in prize Agent* the Business thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties a3 are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury. Perjury.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person Persons neglect-or Persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any of the in to traui"llt Accounts before mentioned, who shall refuse or noglcft to transmit ^hcUcaHoiViuL or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy, within the time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form hereinbefore mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, and shall pay the Expence of any Application to any Court to compel the Production and Delivery of the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraudi Col- Pylons commit-lution or Deceit, shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, com- l, nS m

mined, permitted or done or suffered in making, dating or balancing ccoun such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Capture* madd of this Act, the Proceeds of all Captures made prior to the r, or to Jan Z 3 First 1805, not yet

C. 86.

dilhibuted, distribut^d under Regulations of

Act.

Registr irs of Admiralty Courts having Prize Money in Hand to account for same within certain l ericd.

Receipt in what

case Discharge.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, and which shall not have been already advertised for Distribution, shall be distributed under the Regulations of this Act, and the forfeited and unclaimed Shares payable to the Army, be accounted for and paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, within the same Period and in like manner as by this Act is directed; and that the Agents for all Captures made previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War in which the Army shall be entitled to {hare, and which have already been advertised for Distribution, shall render Accounts, and pay the forfeited and unclaimed Shares payable to the Army to the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, within Three Months after the pasting of this Act; any thing in any former Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And Whereas divers Sums of Money are now re*

maining in the Hands of the Registrars of the High Court of

Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the several Courts of Vice Admiralty respectively, arising from Prizes taken in such

Conjundt Expeditions as aforesaid, and in which the Army are

entitled to share, which have been finally adjudged to the Captors,

and which have not been claimed by the Persons respectively en-

titled thereto, or any Person or Persons on their behalf; Be it therefore enacted, That the Registrars of the said High Court of Appeals, of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions shall within Three Months, so far as relates to the High Court of Appeals and the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty in the East Indies within Two Years, and with respect to such Courts in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, within One Year next after the pasting of this Act, render or transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chvlfcay or his Deputy, an Account of all Sums of Money in which the Army shall be so entitled to share, which has been paid into the Courts as aforesaid respectively, up to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and which at the time of rendering such Account shall remain in their Hands respectively and at the same time pay over or remit to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, such Part of the said last mentioned Sums of Money as the Army shall be entitled to; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, or the Registrar paying such Money, shall be a good and effectual Discharge to such Registrar to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 and with respect to all Monies in which the Army shall be so entitled to share as aforesaid, which have been so paid to the said Registrars respectively since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or which shall hereafter be so paid, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes from which such Monies shall have proceeded shall have been finally adjudged to the Captors, unclaimed by the said Captors, or the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or by any Person or Persons on their behalf, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, upon Application by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to-

the

C. 86.

343

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

the said Treasurer, or his Deputy; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be dif-tnbuted among the Parties respectively entitled thereto, or their legal Representatives, by the JTreasurer of the said Hospital, in like manner, and subject to the same Regulations, so far as the same can be made applicable, as in cases of Distribution by the Agents of the Captors.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking Offences of a false Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, or any of the Offences taking a fair* by this Act made cognizable in any of His Maj. fly's Courts of Re- Oarh,c. cord in Great Britain, shall be committed, out of this Realm, the bounty in same may be alleged to be committed and may be laid, enquired of, inland, tried and determined, in any County in England, in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfei- Penalties and tures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise or be- Forfeitures how come forfeited, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint recovered, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, unless in cases where aay other Mode i9 by this Act particularly directed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties Penalties to go and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, and l Chelfe* other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied 0 plta and disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, 'That, from and after the Personaling passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate e^c01po^gyS or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other ^obtain Wag" to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any or Prize Money. Officer, Soldier or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, for Service done in His Majesty's Army, or the Executor or Admi-nillrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Soldier or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on Account of the Services of any such Officer or Soldier, or other Person, as aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or aid or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Alignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, m order to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, which shall be due or be supposed to be due to any such Officer or Soldier, or other Person, as aforesaid; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Wul or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money which shall be due, or be supposed to

be

344

C. 86.

A.D. 1814.

Death,

Commissioners of Chelsea Hof-jiital may issue Precepts to such Persons as they believe to have received Money belonging to Tree ps to render an Account of lame within limited time.

Neg!ctl: J)5

account#

54 GEO. III.

be due to any such Officer, Soldier or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served in His Majesty's Army; or if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter or publish as true, or shall aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true, or shall cause or procure to be uttered or published as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate or Assignment, lad Will, or any other Power or Authority, whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer or Soldier, or other Person who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served, or shall hereafter serve or be supposed to have served in His Majesty's Army, with Intent to defraud any Person or Corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall fuller Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, from time to time to issue Precepts under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Persons as they may have reason to believe have received Monies Payable to such Officers, Soldiers and Troops as aforesaid, under any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept shall have been served, in case the Person or Persons to whom it shall be directed shall reside within the United Kiudom; but if he or they shall reside in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, then by the First Ship which shall fail from the Port or Place nearclt to that at which such Person or Persons shall relide, next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the time at which such Precept shall have been served as aforesaid, to deliver or transmit upon Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, for the time being, is hereby authorized to administer), an Account of all Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons, under such Powers or Orders, Power or Order, as aforesaid; and in case the same or any Part thereof shall have been so paid over, then to whom the same or any Part thereof has been so paid over as aforesaid; and shall at the same time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy.Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in* his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, or to their Use; and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Act, the same shall be recoverable from the Person detaining the same by Acton for Money bad and received, or otherwise, in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and the same, when so paid in qr recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties bene-iicially entitled thereto, and be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons upon whom any such Jh'cccpt shall be served as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver

or

C. 86.

34J

4 GEO. III.

or transmit such Account within the time limited by this Act he or they Hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Rcval Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be re- Penalty, covered by Action of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; or in case the Offender or Offenders shall rciule Abroad, in any Court of Record of the Country of which he shall be an Inhabitant at the time the Offence shall be committed, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Co mm if lion era of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, why such Precepts have not been complied with.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Precept*

PerfouS upon whom any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid shall enforced, have been served, shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Disobedience, it Hull, nevertheless, be lawful for the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, and they are hereby empowered to repeal such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall hive been duly rendered and delivered $ and such Person or Persons Hull be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Precept to be served upon him Penalty, or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treifurerof Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at CheU Clv.l ea Hofrital /m, with respect to all Monies which have been received by such Person or Persons as last aforesaid, under any Power or Powers, ^t c. 104 Order or Orders executed subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, at all iea-sonable times to have Access to the Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers of any Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall be directed relative to such Transactions, to which such Precepts shall have Reference; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to produce the same to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, whenever he or they shall be required so to do, in order that such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer may peruse, examine and take Extracts or Copies of so much thereof as he may think proper; and in case any such Person or Persons as last aforesaid shall refuse in.

or neglect to produce such Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers, fpc&ion. or any or either of them, upon ten Days' Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpose, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every Penalty, such Offence, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt, in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Com-Tnifiioners of the said Royal Hospital at Cfhelfeay why such Books,

Papers, Accounts and Vouchers shall not have been produced as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately Money in after the Service of any such Precept as aforesaid, all Monies received Hands of Per-under such Powers or Orders as aforesaid, which shall at that time^whom be in the Hands of the Person or Persons to whom such Precept j*recelji*have

oeen ill uea, to

C. 86.

A.D. 1814.

34

54 GEO. III.

become Pro* perty of Hospital.

When Frauds discovered in Accounts, B'U in Equity hied.

Commissioners of C. H. may authorize Payment of Shares to next of Kin, without Admin istration.

Claims for Prize Money by next of Kin of Foreigners paid without requiring Administration, &c.

shall be directed, shall be deemed and considered to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea % to be applied by them, nevertheless in the manner by this Act directed; and with respect to the Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, under any Power or Order, Powers or Orders, which shall have been made and executed before the passing of this Act, in case the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer shall upon Inspection of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which shall be rendered and delivered in Obedience to any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid (which Vouchers and ether Documents by this Act they are authorized and empowered to call for and inspeef) be dissatisfied with such Account, and have reason to believe that the Payments therein Hated to have been made, or any or either of them, have not been really and truly made, or that such Account is in any other respect fraudulent or defective, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to file a Bill in Equity against such Person or Persons, in order to such Account being regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being had relative thereto, according to the usual Course of Courts of Equity; such Bills to be filed in the Name of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at ChelJ'ea for the time bein^, and not to be considered defective on account of the Persons beneficially entitled to the Monies which shall be the Subject of them not being made Parties thereto.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea to authorize their Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the next of Kin or legal Representative, or otherwrife legally entitled to any Share of Prize Money belonging to any deceased Soldier, any such Share not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Person shall not have regularly taken out Letters of Administration, or have procured the Probate of any Will of such deceased Soldier, Seaman or Marine.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Claims for Prize Money to be made upon the said Royal Hospital at Chclfeabj the next of Kin of Foreign Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers who shall have been in the Pay of His Majesty, and who shall have died Intestate, and which next of Kin shall reside out of His Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, to pay and discharge such Claims to such next of Kin, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by such next of Kin to receive the same, without requiring the Production of Letters of Administration to the Person appearing upon the Prize Lift to be entitled to the Share or Shares which shall be so claimed; and in all cases where such Foreign Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers shall have made Wills, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer in like manner to pay and satisfy such Claims to the Person or Persons who, by Inspection of the Original Will, or an authenticated Copy thereof, shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to such Person or Persons as he, she or they shall

duly

347

A.D. 1&I4*

54 GEO. III. C. 8 6.

icily authorize to receive the same, without requiring the Production of Probates of such Wills.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, and he is hereby directed and required to lay annually before both Houses of Parliament an Account in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, or in some Form to the same Tenor and Effect; and that such Accounts shall be made up to the Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year, the first of them to commence from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, up to which Period Accounts have already been laid before Parliament.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea, at all times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hospital, from time to time to appropriate such Sums of Money, forming a Part of the forfeited and unclaimed Prize Money already paid in or hereafter to be paid in, as they or any Tljree or more of them may think expedient and proper to the Current Services of the said last mentioned Royal Hospital.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby required to render to the Commissioners of the said Hospital a just and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act Four Times in every Year; that is to say, to the Twenty fourth Day of <September, the Twenty fourth Day of December, the Twenty fourth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in each Year and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit and finally pass the said Accounts; any Powers, Authorities and Directions in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in aov wise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and lifter the passing of this Act, no Stamp Duty shall be payable to His Majesty upon any Order for any Non Commissioned Officer's or Soldier's Prize Money in cases where such Prize Money shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

JL1V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Receipts given or taken for Prize Money, or Balances paid or received by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, be exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any |Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred or to be incurred in executing this Act and also the said recited Act, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers or Persons employed on behalf of Chelsea Hospital, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in performing the Regulations and Directions thereof, shall so far as the same relates to those Officers or Persons be subject to the Discretion of the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the same Hospital, and shall be paid out of the Interest of unclaimed Share or Snares of deserted Men, invested in Government Securities, or if necessary

out

Accounts laid annually before Parliament.

Forfeited or unclaimed Share* applied to current Services of Hospital.

Treasurer to render an Account quarterly.

No Stamp Dut/ paid on Orders for Sums less than 40s.

Receiptsexempt.

from Stamp Duly.

Expences in executing Act paid out of unclaimed Shares.

Proviso for Ageuu.

[Penalty.]

C. 86. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

out of the Principal Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hospital on account of such Shares respectively, the Accounts of the said Expences and Remunerations being annually returned to Parliament: Provided nevertheless, That no Persons employed by the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital in executing the Regulations of this Act or the said recited Act, shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly in the Dufincis thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

[5V. as to Greenwich Hospital, c. 93.]

Schedules to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

KNOW all Men by these Presents, that we of

and of

are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord The King, and to the Commander in Chief for the time being of His Majesty's Land Foroes, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, current in England, to be paid to our said Sovereign Lord The King, and to the Commander in Chief for the time being of His Majesty's Land Foroes, or either of them, or their certain Attorney, Successors or Assigns for which Payment to he well and truly made we bind ourselves and each of us, by himfils, our and each of our Heirs, Executors and Administrators, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our Seals, dated the Day of in the Fifty

fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

THE Condition of this Obligation is such, That if the said as a Prize Agent, shall duly execute his Trufl in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care; and if the said his Executors or Administrators,

do and shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to the Captors of the several Prizes for which he shall be appointed Agent, all Sums of Money due to them or any of them, provided the Claims for such Money shall be made within the time limited by Act of Parliament for Agents to pay Shares of Prize Money to Captors, and shall and do within Four Months from such Notification pay or cause to be paid unto the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy there, all Shares and Balances then remaining unpaid, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Fifty fourth George Third, Cap. then this Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue.

5CHE-

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 86.

349

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM of Condemnations to be signed by the Prize Agent, and transmitted to Chelsea Hospital, agreeably to the Section, Fifty fourth of The King.

a i 1 u Z c is sz Capturing Shi; or Ships entitled la Share. Commnn-ler's Name Date of Sentences. Date of Appeal if any. Decretal Pr.rt of Sentence, v, hethe* for Capture, Sal v.iL; c r Head Money. State of the Propel tv condemned, and in what it consists.

SCHEDULE (C.)

AT Seven Days Sight, pay to the Amount of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money d in respect of Service as a in

Regiment of at the Capture of

Month of One thousand eight hundred

To Agent for the Capture of

or, To the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital (as the case may require.)

SCHEDULE (D.)

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier now serving.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the above named who signed or acknowledged the above Order ia our Presence; and from the Documents which he has shewn us, and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above

mentioned Regiment at the time of making the said Capture, and that he is now serving as a in the Regiment

of

Given under our Hands at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

Commanding Officer* Adjutant.

Paymaster.

or Ordet ue to the

in the

35

C. 8 6.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (E.)

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier who has been discharged.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the above named who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents which he has shewn us and his answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above mentioned

Regiment at the time of making the above Capture, and that he was discharged on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and that he now resides in this Parish, and is

an Out Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital.

Given under Our Hands at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Minister.

N.B. If not a Penjloner Churchwarden (or) Elder

those Words to be erased. (as the case may be.)

SCHEDULE (F.)

CERTIFICATE for a Person who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceased Soldier.

THESE are to certify, That we have examined the above named who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents annexed and his [or her) Answers to our Questions, we have reason to believe that the above named is dead, and that the said

is the to the said deceased, and that he (or she)

now resides in this Parish.

Given under our Hands at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Minister.

N.B. Annex the Documents Churchwarden (or) Elder

alluded to (as the case may be. )

SCHEDULE (G.)

ACT of Parliament Fifty fourth George Third, Chapter, Section

Chelsea Hospital.

I request that the Prize Money noted on the Document which will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a reason may be affirmed for its Disallowance, in the manner pointed out in the above Act of Parliament.

A % B. Treasurer.

SCHEDULE (H.)

The ACCOUNT of the Deputy Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, directed to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, by an Act of the 54th GEO. III.

o

o

o

Date of Year,

To Cash arising from forfeited and' unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, &c. received from Prize Agents; viz.

[Here set forth the Names of the several Persons from whom the Monies have been received\ the several Sums received from each Perf on, and the several Captures, &c. to which each Sum relates

 s* d*

Date of Year.

By Cash refunded to Claimants

By D paid in remunerating the " Officers of the said Royal Hospital and other Persons, for their Pains and Trouble in carrying the Provi- fions of the said Act into Execution, and in defraying all other contingent Expences attending the same

 / d

To D arising from the Dividends") or Interest of Monies inverted in the Public Funds or other Govern- f ment Securities. J

N.B. There are now standing in" the Names of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer of the Hospital, and they are in the Portession of the Several Sums of Stock and the other Government Securities under mentioned, videlicet.

[Here fate the Particulars.]

By Dc inverted in the Public Funds or other Government Securities

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer -

cr\

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO in C. 86.

35*

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Duties on Glass

fyecified in Schedule A. levied.

39 & 40 G. 3. c 67.

40 G.3. (I.) c. 38.

Countervailing Duties Ipcribed in Schedule B. paid on Importation of Gluis into Ireland.

Drawbacks spe-cined in Schedule C. allowed on Expoituiion of Gl i*.

C. 87.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to grant Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof*

[14th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necefhiry Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences in Ireland\ have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty. the Duties herein after mentioned, ' and do most humbly be leech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, mentioned, set forth and expressed in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Inland Excise as they arc respectively described and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the Duties imposed by this Act on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, Duties should be charged on the like Sorts of Glass being the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland) sufficient to countervail the said Duties in Ireland; y Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be charged on the Importation into Ireland of the several Sort) of Glass, being the Maim Tad ure of Great Britain, mentioned, set forth and described in the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, the several Countervailing Duties in the said Schedule in Figures respectively inserted, Ue-feribed and set forth; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Glass of like Denomination being the Mauuiadure of Ireland, to Great Britain, there shall be allowed ami given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on Brit'.Jh Glass of the like Denomination. f See c. 129. 0 1 o. post.]

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Plate Glass or Window Glass made in Ireland or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland\ there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked C., upon Proof being duly made that such Glass respectively Audi have paid the several Duties imposed thereon by this Act, in refded of which such Drawback shall be claimed, and such Drawback shall be paid and allowed in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations as are in force in Ireland, with respect to Drawbacks payable on any Articles exported from Ireland, so far as the same can be applied.

4

A.D. 1814.

353

54'

GEO. III. C. 87.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties and backs in this Act and the several Schedules hereunto annexed, speci- Drawbacks in lied, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received ntlt^ Cur-and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency 5 rency*

and that all and every the Duties granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deduced, shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That in every Entry Inwards to In Entries In-be made on the Importation into Ireland of any Plate Glass or Win- wards, Number dow Glass of any Sort, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, toge- J?3u:, r % ^e? ther with the Value of all such Glass, there shall also be inserted the nd vVcidu of Number of Square Feet of all such Plate Glass, and the Weight of Window GUs all such Window Glas9, according to the Cockets thereof respec- inierted. tively, as certiiied on the Exportation of such Glass from Great Britain, and in case it shall be found that the Number of Square Feet of any such Plate Glass, or the Weight of any such Window Glass Hated in any such Entry, shall not correspond with the Number of Square Feet or with the Weight specified in such Cockets respectively, all such Glass shall be forfeited, and may be. Penalty, seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

VI. And, for securing the Payment of the Duties by this A d Glnfs Makers t granted, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement takeout

of this Act, no Person in Ireland, shall make or manufacture any Licence.

Sort of Plate Glass. or any Window Glass which by this Act or the Schedule thereto annexed are made liable to a Duty of Excise, without having a Licence for that Purpose in force; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or for any One of them, or for any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, to grant any such Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland for the manufacturing of such Sorts of Glass or any of them, in which Licence shall be set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same, and the Place in which every Glass House, Workhouse, Work Shop and Warehouse of such Person or Persons shall be situated; and every such Licence shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Continuance. March next after the granting of the same; and if any Person shall make any such Glass without having taken out such Licence, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds Penalty.

British Currency.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland Glass Makers who at any time after the Commencement of this Act, shall make to Entry or manufacture any Plate Glass or Window Glass on which any^EwiieOflics Duties of Excise are by this Act imposed, shall within Seven Days Q^\ity'Of next after the End of every Calendar Month in the Year, make a GUIs made, true Entry in Writing at the Excise Office for the District in which the Glass House, Workhouse, or Work Shop of such Person shall be situate, of the Quantity and Weight of all Plate Glass or Window Glass respectively made at every such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Shop within such Calendar Month, and shall verify such Entry upon Oath, or if a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation, of the Oath.

Person or Persons or One of them who shall keep such Glass Howie, Workhouse or Work Shop, or of his, her or their Chief 54 GEO. III. A a Workman

[Penalty.]

Duty on Materials calculated asur t>s. 0$d. for every Square Foot of GLis.

Duty paid; n Fourteen Days.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Officer of Ex-

cife may inspect Books of Quantity of Glaia made by Makers.

C. 87- 54 GEO. III. A.D. 18t4.

Workman or Clerk employed in the conducing the making of such GJafs, or in the keeping an Account of the Glass made therein, according to the best of his, her or their Knowledge or Belief; which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be administered by the Colkctor or Surveyor of Excise of the District within which such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Sho > shall be, without any Fee or Charge for the same 5 and every Maker of such Glass who shall neglect to make such Entry, verified as aforesaid, shall, for every Neglect or Default, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed imposed on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made life of in the making of Plate Glass, shall be calculated and paid after the Rate of Six Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny British Currency of every Square Foot Superficial Measure of such Plate Glass when manufactured, and of which such Entry shall be made as aforesaid; and such Sum of Six Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny for every Square Foot Superficial Measure of such Plate Glass shall be received by the Collector of Excise of the District, as and in full Satisfaction for the Duty imposed on such Materials or Metal or other Preparations as aforesaid; and that every Person who shall make or manufacture auy such Plate Glass or Window Glass as aforesaid, shall from time to time within Fourteen Days after he, she or they shall have made or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay to the Collector of Excise of the District all Duties for or in respect of all such Plate Glass or Window Glass as shall have been made within such Calendar Month, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency, and Double the Amount of the Duty whereof the Payment shall not be so made; and that no such Person shall fell, deliver or carry out any such Plate Glass or Window Glass until he or she hath paid and cleared off all Duty due thereon as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency, and Double the Value of the Glass so fold, delivered or carried out.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise in Ireland once in every Month, upon producing a written Order for that Purpose, signed by the Collector of the District in which any such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Shop shall be situated, to require any Maker or Manufacturer of Plate Glass or Window Glass, or his Clerk or Manager, who shall keep any Account or Quantity of Glass made in such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Shop, to shew and produce to such Officer all such Books of Account as shall contain any Entry of the Quantity or Weight of any such Glass as shall be made in such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Shop, or of any Transaction from which the Quantity or Weight of any Glass made in such Glass House, Workhouse or Work Shop shall appear, and such Maker or Manufacturer of such Glass, or his Clerk or Manager, shall suffer such Officer to inspect all such Books of Account and compare them with the Entry made by such Maker or Manufacturer of Glass at the Excise Office of the District in manner required by this Act, and if any such Maker of such Glass, or his Clerk, Manager or Servant shall not upon such Demand made shew and

10 produce

3S5

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 87.

produce to such Officer all such Books as aforesaid, and suffer such Officer to insped and examine the same, every such Maker of such Glass shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency. Penalty.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Draw- Duties and backs by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed, granted and Drawback*, fro, allowed, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be ^ow

raised, levied, collected, paid or allowed, and sued for, recovered and applied, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, managing and allowing of any Duties or Drawbacks, or the suing for, recovering or applying any Penalties in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His 14*15 Car.*. Majesty, his Heirs and Successorsy according to the Book of Rates (h) Self 4. c, 8. therein inserted; or in and by an Act, made in the Forty sixth 46 G. 3. c. 106. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide 5cc* for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues,

Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxej in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Excise and Cuiloms, or either of them, as fully and efTedually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Rules and Directions were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party A^or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is or shall be provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commencemsiit and take Effect from and after the Expiration of One Calendar of Ad.

Month next after the passing thereof.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

A.

DUTIES OF EXCISE on Glass made in Ireland.

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Ireland For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland -

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, which shall be made use of in Ireland in the making of Plate Glass -

I

3

4

x. d.

10 o

13 6

18 o

A a 2 COUNTER.

So much of any Act as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines repealed, and Duties paid on several Numbers of Charges

B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES on Glass made in Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

. td.

For every Square Foot Superficial Measure of British Plate Glass - 066!

For every Hundred Weight of British Spread Win-

dow Glass, commonly called Broad Glass 1 10 0

For every Hundred Weight of all other British

Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whe-

ther flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown

Glass or German Sheet Glass 33 6

C.

DRAWBACKS on the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of Glass made in Ireland; or made in Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland.

. s. d.

For every Square Foot Superficial Measure of Plate Glass. o 6 6{

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass. i io o

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass. 13 6

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for

W the securing of the Collection of the Duties on Spirits

diddled in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller, shall be and the same is hereby repealed $ and that, from and after the Commencement

C. 88.

357

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

mencement of this Act, every Distiller in Ireland shall, for every Four to forth in Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the anae*ed Distillery of such Distiller shall continue or shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates specified in the said Acts as amended by this Act, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills; and that every such Distiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respectively, be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still or Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Acts as amended by this Act, specified from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively; and the Officer or Officers in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits (Milled in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Dif- Mode of tiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Con- chirs, ns when tent, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Not, ce, s S1ven Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommences to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner, Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, that he proposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid), from Three Fourths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates, from all Pot Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines which such Distiller shall actually distill within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such if during Notice Still in the Possession of any Distiller shall, at any time during any uf working with Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Distiller VrktTwhh1'

A>11 Kua VT_ _ f____1.1_______C I. fi.'ii p.mi rn c

of working SliU wrh Turf only charred.

shall have given Notice of working any such Still or Stills with Turf Coal, &c. full

A a 3 only,

3S

C. 88.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Number of Charges made. 50 0.3. c. 15.

Coni, &c. found within Distillery during Notice for using Turf.

[Penalty.]

51 G. 3. C. 145. 4-

repealed.

Mode required of delivering an Account of Quantity of Malt actually

only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, Charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still and Stills in the PoflVflion of such Distiller, not strapped down, taken down or difptaird in manner directed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or dflilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of JAcer.fed Disliliers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland; shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the whole of the said Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller (h?ll have given such Notice that he proposes to work any such Still or Stills in his Possession during any Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller having given such Notice to have or keep within his Distillery or any Premises coni.tded therewith, at any time during such Period, any Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred; and if during any such Period any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any Premises connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited, and may be seised, and the Distiller within whose Distillery or other Premises, such Coal or other Fuel shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Distillery which shall by Law be considered as working without any Allowance whatever, for or in respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the federal Acts for regulating the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to or requires any Distiller to produce and deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt mashed or brewed by such Distiller, or as requires any Distiller to use a Quantity of Malt in Proportion to the Quantity of Spirits with which he shall be chargeable in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, or imposes any Penalty against such Distiller for any Deficiency of such Quantity of Malt, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty which shall have been or may be incurred under the said Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid.

VI. And, instead of the aforesaid Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid hereby repealed, and for the better securing the Use of Malt in the making of Spirits, and the Payment of the Duty on all Malt so used, be it enacted, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, every Distiller of Spirits from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, shall, within Seven Days next after the Wednesday in the Fourth Week of any Period of Four Week*, during which any Still

or

C. 88.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

3 S9

or Stills of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working immediately permitted to succeeding any Day on which such Distiller shall have given Notice M(hKet?t, of his Intention to commence brewing or maflung of Corn, malted or &c* anmalted in his Distillery, and in like manner within Seven Days next after the Wednesday in every Fourth Week, of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any Still or Stills of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, produce and deliver or cause to be produced and delivered to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Ma(h Keeve of such Distiller within the Four Weeks ending on and including such Wednesday; and if, upon such Account and the Permits which shall have been granted for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Malh Keeve of such Distill r, it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt so permitted shall be less than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller shall distil, or shall be charged or chargeable with from all Wash brewed or made by him within such last mentioned Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday, then in such case every such Distiller shall, for every Barrel of such Deficiency of Quantity of Malt, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency; and Penalty if any such Distiller shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered any such Account to such Officer within the time aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits distilled by, or with which such Distiller shall have been charged or chargeable from all Wash brewed or made within such Period, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency, One Third Part of Penalty. which said several Forfeitures shall be paid and distributed to the Officer or Officers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other Application of Two Third Parts thereof shall be placed to the Account of the Duties Penaltie*-on Malt payable in Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any case where Penalty hour the Commissioners of Excise may conllder that the Officer ought not applied.

to receive the said One Third of the said Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, either to remit such One Third Part of the said Penalty, or to direCb that the whole of the said Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence shall be placed to the said Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case where How the Duty the Quantity of Malt actually malhed or brewed, and permitted to w^en

the Malh Keeve of any Distiller in any Period of Four Weeks or )els tha"

Twenty eight Days, shall be less than after the Rate or Proportion^cu e

by this Act directed and prescribed, it shall and may be lawful for

such Distiller to pay or cause to be paid to the Collector of Excise of the Dftri& in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situ-

ated, within Ten Days next after the End of the said Period of

Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, such Sum or Sums of Money

as shall be equal to the Amount of the full Duty now by Law

chargeable, or which shall be hereafter chargeable on a Quantity of

Malt equal to the Quantity which shall appear ta be so deficient in

such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and in every such case such Distiller shall not be liable to be proceeded against for

3 6

C. 88.

Tn'Vrtmtr a greater Quantity of Malt tn Account than Stock dccreased.

[Penalty.]

Collector to require Distillers to take following Oath*

Oath.

t \>Ue*flor to administer Oath.

Penalty*

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the aforesaid Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence for every Barrel of Deficiency of Quantity of Malt in such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Collector, to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, shall place the same to the Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall insert in any Account required to be delivered by this Act, a greater Quantity of Malt as having been mashed or used or consumed by such Distiller within the Period mentioned in such Account, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by such Distiller, every such Distiller shall, for every Barrel of such Excess of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Dif-trid within which the Distillery of any Distiller shall be situate, or the Person placed in charge of the Collection of such District by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall, within Seven Days next after the Fourth Wednesday in every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days while any Still or Stills of such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable as working, require such Distiller to make, take and subscribe, and such Distiller shall make, take and subscribe, in the Presence of such Collector or other Person placed in Charge as aforesaid, an Oath (or solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) of the Tenor and Purport following; that is to say,

I A.B. do make O&th [or, solemnly affirm]. That within the Period of Four Weeks ending on Wednesday inclusive theDay of, there were actually and

bona fide mashed and brewed within my Distillery*Barrels of Malt, and no more or less, and that all such Maltso mashed or brewed was duly permitted into the Mash Keeve in the said Distillery according to Law; and that all the Malt, for the permitting whereof into the Mash Keeve in the said Distillery dur- ing the said Period Permits have been produced by me, was*actually mashed, brewed and employed within the said Distillery*during the said Period, and that the said Permits were fairly and legally obtained without any Fraud or Deception, and without any Injury to His Majesty's Revenue, directly or indirectly 5 and that all Duties of Excise on the said Malt so mashed were dulyand fully paid and satisfied: And all this I swear (or, affirm 1 to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and according to the bell Information which it has been in my Power to obtain.

Sworn before me this Day of

C.D. Collector [or, in charge of the Collection].*of the District of And such Collector or Person so placed in charge of the Collection of such District shall have full Power, and is hereby authorized and required to administer and receive the said Oath, and shall attest the same by subscribing his Name to the Jurat, or taking of the same 5 and if any Distiller, being thereunto required, shall neglect or refuse to make, take and subscribe such Oath or Affirmation, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, jand such Distiller mail also be subject to the like Penalty or

Forfeiture

C. 88.

3r>i

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

Forfeiture as is by this Act imposed on any Distiller for not Penalty, producing and delivering or causing to be produced and delivered the Account hereinbefore required by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Malt or Corn mencement of this Act, no Distiller in Ireland shall ma(h or brew Pwnd in P*ro-any Malt or Corn malted or unmalted within his Distillery at any

time during the Four Days after the Fourth Wednesday in the otice of

lati Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days of the whole of ditcor.tinuing

anytime during which the Still or Stills of such Distiller shall be work Still, for-

+chargeable by Law as working, nor at any time during the Four Days next preceding any Day in which such Distiller shall have given Notice of discontinuing to work his Still or Stills; and in case any Malt or Corn malted or unmalted shall be found in the Progress

of mashing or brewing within any Distillery during any Part of such Period of Four Days, all such Malt or Corn shall be forfeited

and may be seized 5 and the Distiller in whose Distillery the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- 53 G. 3. c. 145. mencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the 

Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the several Acts for regulating the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland; and also so much of another Act made in the said Fifty third Year 53 G. 3. 0.94* of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant an additional 6-Dwty of Excise on Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain m Part re^a'in Ireland, as enads or provides that any Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay a Duty on every Gallon of Excess of Spirits over and above the Quantities with which such Distiller shall be chargeable in manner mentioned in the said recited Act, at and after the Rate of One Half only of the Duty charged or chargeable on or payable by such Distiller in other cases, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with and shall pay the full Duty on the whole Quantity of Spirits with Full Dllty which such Distiller shall be chargeable by Law; any thing in the chafsed-said recited Acts or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the 53G*3*C*M5*

Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the11

Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as empowers the, nPaitrePea e Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to make any Allowance

to any Distiller, or to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller may be chargeable by Law in any Period of Four Weeks, in consideration of any Loss by any Fatality or Accident,

shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be made Allowance appear by any Distiller, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners adeDil* of Inland Excise and Taxes, that upon the whole of any Period t, Pe*n.refPa of Twelve Weeks such Distiller shall have actually dillilled and SpiriL.^6"^  been charged with, and shall have paid Duty for the full Quantity

of Spirits Jor which such Distiller shall be liable to be charged according to Law, within the whole of the said Period of Twelve Weeks, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to abate any Surcharge of Duty which may have been made on such Distiller in respect of any Deficiency in the Quantity of Spirits

diitilled

C. 88.

A.D. 1814.

[Proviso.]

Distillers charged for Worts of greater Gravity than those taken an Account of.

Vessels founJ

Steam-tight

forfeited.

54 GEO. III.

distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller at the End of any Period of Four Weeks during the said whole Period of Twelve Weeks, and to make a proportionate Allowance to such Distiller in respect of such Surcharge so abated; and in like manner if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that upon the whole of any Period ending with the time when such Distiller shall discontinue working, such Distiller shall have actually diltilied, and have been charged with and shall have paid Duty for the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall be liable to be charged according to Law within the whole of any such Period, it shall in such cale also be lawful for the said Commissioners to abate any Surcharge of Duty which may have been made on any such Distiller in respect of any Deficiency in the Quantity of Spirits distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller at the End of any Period of Four Weeks during the whole of any such Period, ending with the time when any such Distiller shall discontinue working as aforesaid, and to make a proportionate Allowance to such Distiller in respect of such Surcharge so abated s Provided always, that no such Abatement or Allowance shall in any case be made by such Commissioners unless the full Quantity of Spirits with which the Distiller applying for such Abatement or Allowance shall be by Law chargeable, shall have been actually made and distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller within the whole of the several Periods as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after any' Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account and ascertained by the Saccharometer the Gravity of any Worts, Waffi or Pot Ale, in any Back, Vat or other Vessel in the Distillery of any' Distiller, and before the Expiration of the time within which such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale is or shall be by Law required to be diltilied, there shall be found any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale of any greater Gravity (as ascertained as aforesaid) than the Gravity of the Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, of which an Account had been previously taken in the same Back, Vat or other Vessel as aforesaid, all such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale of such greater Gravity contained in such Back, Vat or other Vessel, shall be considered as Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge against the Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, in the same manner as any Distiller is or shall be by Law chargeable in respect of any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller or Person licensed as a Distiller under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to have, keep or use in the Distillery of any such Distiller any Pot Ale Charger, or any Vessel, Utensil or Apparatus for charging any Still with Pot Ale or Low Wines, or by means of which any Still shall or may be charged with Pot Ale or Low Wines which shall be (leam-tight, or which shall be covered so as the Officer in charge of the Distillery cannot uncover the same without any Delay, whenever he shall see fit, and if any such Pot Ale Charger, or other Vessel, Utensil or Apparatus so being steam-tight, or covered as aforesaid, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Distiller in whose Distillery

A.D. 1814.

C. 88

363

54 GEO. III.

tillery the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer in charge of any Distillery to uncover any such Pot Ale Charger, or other Vessel, Utensil or Apparatus, or to remove the Cover of the same, when and as often as he shall think fit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Distiller or Person licensed as a Distiller under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, in the diililling of any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for or in any Process appertaining or relating thereto respectively, have or keep or make use of any Charger, Vat, Back or other Vessel, Utensil, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatsoever, being covered or fleam-tight, and communicating or connected directly or indirectly with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, whereby or by means whereof the Content or Capacity of such Still, Still Head, or any Part thereof shall be directly or indirectly enlarged beyond the licensed Content of the same, or whereby or by means whereof the Quantity of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Spirits capable of being distilled in such Still shall or may be directly or indirectly increased, or whereby or by means whereof any such Charger, Vat, Back or other Vessel, or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, shall or may be used or applied or applicable as any such Still, or in like manner as such Still or any Part thereof can be used or applied in or for the Pinrpose of diflilbng, or in or for any other Purpose, or to any other use than such Charger, Vat, Back or other Utensil, Apparatus or Appendage may and ought by Law to be used or applied; all and every such Charger, Vat, Back or other Vessel, or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, and all and every such Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof with which the same shall be connected, shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose Distillery the same shall be found shall forfeit any Licence or Licences before that time granted to him and then in force, and shall in all respects become and be considered as an unlicensed Distiller, and shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as unlicensed Distillers are liable to by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of tnia Act, and it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to grant any Licence for distilling to the Distiller in whose Distillery such Apparatus shall be found, or in any such Distillery, for the Space of Three Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation, by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

[Penalty.]

Veflfcls being Steam-tight and communicating with any Still forfeited, and DitliUer to forfeit Licence, &c

False Oath.

Suborning.

Perjury.

3^4 C. 88. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Former Acts

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, tlmTf DulleC" Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of

extended uTa&. Recovery> provided, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, shall be v applied and put in practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been cx-pressly repeated and re* enabled in this Act, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other A 1 or Construed as Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed

one Act. together as one Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so

far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

Penalties, &c.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, how recovered. Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be lued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the 14 & 15 Car. a. Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty (I.) Se(T. 4. c. 8. King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impofi upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in or by an Act 46 G. 3. c. 106. made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, &c* intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Appeal. Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

Commencement

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com-of Act. mence and take Effect on the Monday Week next after the passing

thereof.

Act altered, &c.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 88) 89.

3 65

TABLE referred to by this Act.

NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller in Irc- land shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or T wen tv eight Days in respect of every Still of such Distiller, being of the several Contents following; that is to say,

CONTENTS of the STILLS. Number of Charges.

3, 000 Gallons and upwards 73

Under 3, 000 Galions, and not less than 2, 750 75

2, 750 2, 500 77

25 2, 250 80

2, 250 2, 000 84

2, 000 i>7 50 86

I>75 1, 500 9

1, 500 1, 250 96

1, 250 1,000 102

1,000 750 114

750 500 125

500 400 130

400 300 H5

300 200 155

200 100 200

100 65 90

65 44 120 1

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for the Charge of the further Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Par- S3 0*3* c* 35-liament, intituled an Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His trefent Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt; and for making further Provisions in respect thereof; it was enacted and declared, that, for the Purposes of fi.

' the firid Act, an Amount of Public Debt, equal to the whole 1 Capital of the Public Debt in perpetual redeemable Annuities,

existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand fseven hundred and eighty fix, should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged; and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein mentioned, and (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

as Parliament by any Act or Acts of the said Session should or might direct, should be cancelled in like manner as if the same

366 C. 89. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

same had been transferred to the said Commissioners for the Red mption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts thereunto relating, in order to make Provision for the Charge

of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan or in any other manner, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen;

and that whn and so soon as such a further Amount of the

Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or transferred to them for the Re-

demption of Land Tax, or the Purchase of Life Annuities, as

together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as aforesaid should have produced an Interest or Yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should thereupon certify

and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament should be then fitting), but if Parliament should not be then fitting,

then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament;

and so from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased or transferred as aforesaid, as should be equal to the whole Capital, and should have produced an Interest or Yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual redeemable Annuities, of each Loan contracted since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, the said Commissioners should from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration should have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debts to which such Certificate and Declaration should relate, should from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the* 4 Bank of England or of the South Sea Company should be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and should from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such Times and in such Proportions as should be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded

15. 4 Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other manner;

and it was thereby further enacted, that whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner which nfight create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in that or any future Year should exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February should have been or should be estimated to be applicable in the same Year to the Reduction

3<*7

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 89.

of the National Debt, then and in every such case an annual

Suin, amounting to tlitr One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock'created by so much only of the Monies raised by way of Loan,

or in any other manner as aforesaid in the Year, as should be 1 equal to the Sum so dtimated to be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, should be issued at 1 the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Account of the said Commisioners, in the manner directed by the said therein recited

of the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, and with respect to the Excess of the Monies which might be so raised in any Year by way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid, above the estimated Sum applicable to the Reduction of the

National Debt within the same Year, such an annual Sum as Should be equal to One Half of the IntereH of such Excess,

should be set apart out of the Monies compofitig the Consolidated Fund, and should in like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners

And Whereas the Sum which on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, was eHimated to be applicable in the present Year to the Reduction of the National Debt,

amounted to Eleven millions three hundred and thirty thousand four hundred and fifty two Pounds: And Whereas by an Act 1 passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for c. 76. ante.

1 raifng the Sum of 1 wenty four Millions by way of Annuities, the

Sum of Eighteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds was raised

for the Service of Great Britain: And Whereas the Charge of the said Sum of Eighteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds will amount to the Sum of One million one hundred and seventy five thousand six hundred and seventy four Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for such Charge in the manner directed by the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

Sum of Three millions nine hundred and ninety four thousand q iireefer Cent. Pounds Three Pounds per Centum N^w South Sea Annuities, and New i>. S.

the Sum of Nine hundred and fifty three thousand Pounds Three Annuities; Pounds per Centum South Sea Annuities, of the Year One thousand 953-Ocd. seven hundred and fifty one, Handing in the Names of the Com-hr*e per Cent, missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of'nnuJtes> the South Sea Company and the Sum of Ten millions two hundred IO, 7, 71j-92l. and seventy two thousand three hundred and ninety two Pounds Time per Ceut. Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and the Sum of Contois.

One hundred and forty two thousand Pounds Five Pounds per Mi.ccoL Centum Consolidated Annuities, Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Z7>y7

Bank of England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One Three per Cent, thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Sum of Twenty three Reduced Annu-millions seven hundred and thirty three thousand and ninety nine ltandingin Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, Handing in "oners

the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor for RejUvq, un and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the of National Tenth Day of Q&ober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

respectiv

be

ely

Debt, altercerr tain Periods cancelled.

A.D. 1814.

3^8

43 G. 3. c.J9.

Extended to Purchase of Buildings, dec, as well as to Purchase of Land.

Extended to Bridges, ^, repaired by Hundreds or other Divisions of Counties.

43 Elis. c. a.

ft.

C. 89, 90, 91. 54 GEO. III.

respectively cancelled; and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Addition made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.

CAP. XC.

An Act to explain and extend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act jar remedying DefeEls in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England, and for extending the said Act to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained whether the Power contained in an Act passed in the Forty third Year 1 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England, for the purchasing of any Land

or Ground, do extend to the Purchase of any Building or Buildings, or other Erections; For Remedy whereof, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; knd be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers and Authorities in the said Act mentioned and contained for the Purchase of any Land or Ground for the Purposes of the said Act, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all such Building or Buildings, or other Erections, as may be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act, except as after mentioned, Should be extended to Bridges

repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds and other General Divisions of Counties Be it further enacted, That the said Act and all the Powers and Provisions thereof (except such Provisions therein as relate to Bridges thereafter to be erected and built) shall extend as well to Bridges and the Roads at the Ends thereof repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds, and other General Divisions in the nature of Hundreds, as to Bridges and the Roads at the Ends thereof repaired by the Inhabitants of Counties.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, as concerns the time of appointing Overseers of the Poor.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of Her 4 W late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor9 it is enacted, That the Churchwardens of every

Parish

A.D. 1814.

3 6

54 GEO. III. C.pt, 9

1 Pan Hi, and Four, Three or Two substantial Householders there, #8 4 toall be thought meet, having respect to the Greatness of the Parish, to be nominated yearly in Easter Week, or within One Month after Easter, under the Hand and Seal of Two or more Justices of the Peace in the same County, whereof One to be of the Quorum, dwelling in or near the same Parish or Division where the same Parish doth lie, shall be called Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish: And Whereas great Inconvenience is often found to arise, from the time for appointing such Overseers being regulated by a Moveable Feast Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Appointment of Overseers of the Appointment Poor, so directed by said Act of Queen Elizabeth, shall, in every of Overseers of Year, be made on the Twenty fifth Day of March, or within Four- the 1>oor* teen Days next after the said Twenty fifth Day of March, in all and every the same manner as directed by the said Act to be made in Easter Week; anything in the said Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or Inteftacy, in Ireland.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Provisions made to regulate and secure the W Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Legacies, and on Property obtained by Inteftacy in Ireland, contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 5*G. 3. c.iafc.

A8 to repeal the several Acts for the Colie Sion and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and to mate more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties, have been found insufficient, and it is necessary further to provide for the said Purposes

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so go much of much of the said recited Act as purports to relate only to the Regu- 51G. 3. c.i*4. lation or Payment of the said Duties on Probates or Letters of Ad- relates to ministration, or on Legacies, or on Property obtained or claimed by, on P(0-

or under, or by reason of the total or partial Inteftacy of any Person, bateJ<

shall stand and be repealed; save so far as the said Act directs that pealed, the said Duties shall be deemed and taken to be chargeable and Exceptions, payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Estate and Effceds as shall be situated in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Estates and Effeda in Ireland, and lave also so far as the said Act relates to Trust Property becoming vetted in Executors or Administrators; and save also so far as the said Act relates to the raising, levying, infliding or recovering any Pain, Punishment*

Penalty or Forfeit for or by reason of any Matter or Thing which 54 GEO. III. B b Audi

27

A^mi'iiftpring EtFect- without provi e Will, Vc. within certain Period.

[Penalty.]

Prokite* taken out attr-r proving Will valid tlioi ph without Stamp.

Executors, Src. to c*xhil>ir Inventory of llfftCts of L'eccaled, and aftei wards, if iieccfi.ii y, amend i.

C. 92. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

shall have Seen done, committed or suffered, on or before the said Day, and save as to the Receipt, Collection or Application of any Duty or Sum which shall or may be payable on or before that Day.

II. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Administrations and Legacies in Ireland, be it enacted, That every Person who shall after the Commencement of this Act administer in Ireland the P< rfonal Estate or any Part of the Personal Estate of any deceased Person, without having proved the Will of the deceased, or taken out Letters of Administration of such Personal Estate in Ireland within Twelve Calendar Months after the Death of such decenh d Person, if he or she shall die after the Commencement of this Act (or with respect to Person8 w?ho shall have died before the Commencement of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the Commencement of this Act), shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds British Currency.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Probate which shall be taken out by any Executor after the Will therein mentioned hath or shall have been proved, ami Probate thereof hath been or shall have been duly obtained by another Executor named therein, shall and may be good, valid and tffcdual without any Stamp, to all Intents and Purposes, as if stamped; and that all Persons concerned in the writing

' or taking out the same shall be and they are respectively hereby freed and indemnified from and against all Pains and Penalties for or in respect thereof, in any manner what foe ver.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Executor and Administrator of any deceased Person in Ireland, who shall have left a Personal Property of the Value of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, and all and every Person who shall administer or enter upon the possession or Management of all or any Part of the Personal Estate of any such deceased Person, or who hath heretofore entered upon the Possession or Management of any personal or moveable Estate or Effects of such deceased Person, and hath not fully administered the same, whether such Person so acting shall have been next of Kin or Creditor, or other, and whether as Principal or as Agent for any Person or Persons, who or any of whom may be out of Ireland, shall, before disposing of or distributing any Part or remaining Part of such Estate or Effects, or at all Events within Six Calendar Months after the puffing of this Act, or after taking Probate or Administration, or entering on the Possession or Management of any such Personal Eslate, or of any Part thereof, exhibit upon Oath in the proper Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland\ a full and complete Inventory or Statement of such Estate and Esleds, so far as they shall have been recovered at the time of exhibiting such Inventory, or shall be known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland or elsewhere; and also of all Debts due by the deceased at the time of his or her Death, and payable out of his or her Personal Estate } and the nature and kind thereof; and in case at any time or times thereafter, a Discovery shall be made of other Efleds belonging to the deceased which on account of their not being known at the time were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shad in like manner be exhibited on Oath from time to time by any Person or Persons administering or assuming the Management or Disposal thereof, together with all such Debts due by fuen deceased Person as aforesaid as may not have been inserted in such former

Inven-

A.D. 18r4*

37*

54 GEO. III. G 92.

Inventory, any such Oath as aforesaid to be administered by the Came Person or Persons, and in the same manner in all respects as is used on proving a Will; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or retufe to exhibit any such Original or Additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit or include any Part of such Estate and Effects therein, every Person so neglecting, refilling or omitting, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for each such Neglect, Penalty. Refusal or Omission.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person, whether Execu- Legacy not p<u4 for, Administrator, or otherwise, who shall administer the Personal without proper Estate of any Person deceased, and shall retain, whether for his or ReC, Pl

her own Use or otherwise, any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of the ReGdue of such Personal Estate, shall in a reasonable time after the Death of the Person so deceased, be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for any Duty which shall be then by Law payable on any Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy, Residue or Part of Residue; and that if any Person, whether Executor, Administrator or otherwise, who shall administer the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, shall pay any Legacy, Residue, or any Part of ReGdue, without obtaining a Receipt duly stamped for the same, then such Person so administenng shall be entitled to deduct thereout the Amount of the Stamp Duty, which shall be then payable on such

Receipt; and in case he shall so deduct the same, the Amount of such Stamp Duty shall then immediately be a Debt from such Person

so administering to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and if Debt to The

any such Person so administering shall pay any such Legacy or Refi- King.

due, or Part of Residue, without obtaining for the same a Receipt

duly stamped, or without deducing the Amount of such Stamp

Duty thereon, then and in every such case the Amount of such

Stamp Duty thereon shall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, as well from the Person or Persons so administering as

from the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, to whom the same shall have been so paid respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Gift by any Will or What deemot Testamentary Instrument of any Person, which by virtue of such Legacits.

Will or Testamentary Instrument shall have Effect, or be satisfied

out of the Personal Estate of such Person so dying, or out of any Personal Estate which such Person shall have Power to dispose of, as be or Ihe shall think fit, or which shall be charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Wfll or Testamentary Instrument, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of all Acts whereby any Stamp Duty is or shall be imposed, or in any wise relating to tht Management or Collection of any Stamp Duty, whether the same shall be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, and whether the same shall be charged only on such Personal Estate, or charged also on the Real Estate of the Testator or Testatrix who shall give the same, except so far as the same shall be paid or satisfied out of such Real Estate, in a due Execution of the Will or Testamentary -Instrument by which the same shall be given, and every Gift which shall have Effect as a Donatio Mortis Causa, shall also be deemed Dowtio Mortis a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of (his Act, and of all other such Acts as aforesaid.

37*'. c- 9*-

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Executor?, &c. pe^lecting to pay Duties complained ot to Court of Exchequer.

Commissioners of Srami s to provide Forms for Receipt* agreeably to xin dole A.

I.e^jncs by Annuities valued and Duties calculated according to Tables annexed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every case in which any Executor or Administrator, or other Person or Persons taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, or any Trustee, or any other Person to whom any Real Estate shall be devised to be sold, or who shall be entitled to any Real Estate subject to any Legacy, shall not have paid any Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable by Law on any Receipts or Discharges for any Legacy, or for any jResidue, or Part of any Residue, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, within a proper and reasonable time, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule, requiring such Executor, Administrator, Trustee, or other Person or Persons, to shew cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, an Account upon Oath of all the Legacies and of all the Property respectively paid or to be paid or administered by such Executor or Administrator, or other Person or Persons, or given or bequeathed to such Trustee or other Person entitled to any Real Estate, subjectc to any such Legacy as the case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies, or any Shares or Residue of any such Estate Real or Personal have not been paid, or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with the Costs of so recovering the same.

VIII. And, in order that all Persons may be enabled to take Receipts and Discharges on the Payment or Satisfaction of any Legacy or Residue of any Personal Estate or any Part thereof, according to the Directions prescribed by this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, from time to time to provide sufficient Quantities of Paper adapted for such Receipts or Discharges as aforesaid, and to cause to be printed thereoh the Form of Words in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked A.; and it also shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects requiring such Receipts or Discharges to cause the same to be duly filled up with Sums, Names and Date, according to the Provisions before mentioned, and also upon any Vellum or Parchment, or upon any other Paper not provided by the said Commissioners, to use the like Form whenever there shall be Occasion.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Value of any Legacy given by way of Annuity, whether payable annually or otherwise, for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of time, shall be calculated, and the Duty chargeable thereon, shall be charged according to the Tables marked I. II. and III. to this Act annexed; and the Duty chargeable on such Annuity shall be paid by Four equal Payments, the First of which Payments of Duty shall be made before or on completing the Payment of the First Year's Annuity, and the Three others of such Payments of Duty shall be made in like manner successively, before or on completing the respective Payments of the Three succceding Years Annuity respectively; and the Value of anr

A.D. 1814.

373

?4 GEO. III. C. 92.

such Annuity, if determinable upon any Contingency besides the Death of any Person or Persons, shall be calculated without regard to such Contingency: Provided always, that if any such Annuity Provifp.

shall determine by the Death of any Person before Four Years Payment of such Annuity shall become due and payable, then and in such case the Duty shall be payable in proportion only to so many of the Payments of the said Annuity as actually accrued and became due and payable; and in case any Inch Annuity shall at any time determine upon any other Contingency than the Death of any Person or Persons, then and in such case not only all Payments of Duty which would otherwise become due after the happening of such Contingency, if any such would become due, shall cease, but it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall have paid any Duties which shall have previously become due, to apply for and obtain a Return of so much of the Duty so paid, as will reduce the same to the like Duty as would have been payable by such Person or Persons for such Annuity, calculated according to the Term for which the same shall have endured; which Abatement the said Commissioners for the Management of the Stamp Duties shall settle and determine, according to the Tables in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall cause the Amount of such Abatement to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the same, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising from the Duties impol'ed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Value of any Legacy Value of Annul-given by way of Annuity for any Life or Lives, or for Years de- ties payable out terminable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of of Legacies, and time, and charged on and made payable out of any other Legacy or nc^'rt^ CjQa?e Legacies, shall be calculated, and the Duty shall be charged thereon Tables, and

10 the same manner as hereinbefore directed with respect to other Duty charged on Annuities; and the Duty on the Legacy charged with such An- Value of such nuity, if any Duty shall be payable for such Legacy, shall be ealeu- ufier

lated on the Value of such Legacy, after deducing the Value of nuincs*5cc^such Annuity 5 and the Duty for such Annuity shall be paid by the Person or Persons entitled to the Legacy or Legacies charged with such Annuity, by Four equal Payments, in the same manner as the same would be payable according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, if such Annuity had been a direct Gift to the Annuitant, and subject to the like Proviso in case such Annuity shall determine before four Years Payment shall become due 5 and the Payment which shall be made for such Duty shall be retained by the Person or Persons paying the same, out of the first Four Years Payments of such Annuity, if so many shall become due, or out of so many of such Payments as shall become due, by equal Portions.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty payable upon any Duty on Leg*-Legacy given by way of Direction to purchase with any Personal cies given to Estate of the Testator or Tellatrix, or any Part thereof, an Annuity purchase Annui-of a certain Amount for the Life or Lives of any Person or Per- ^Vum^necef fons, or any other Term, shall be calculated upon the Sum necef- aryforpur-iary to purchase such Annuity, according to the Tables before chafe. mentioned, and shall be deducted from such Sum, and paid as in the case of other pecuniary Legacies: and the Person or Persons paying or satisfying such Legacy, and the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be paid or satisfied, shall be discharged, by Payment of such Duty so calculated as aforesaid, from all other

B b 3 Demands

374

Duty on Legacies when Value only alcert.iined by Application of allotted Fund charged on Money as applied.

How Duty on Legacies enjoyed by Personf in Succession or having partial Interests therein charged.

C. 92. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Demands in respect of the Duty payable on such Legacy; and the Annuity to be purchased for the Benefit of the Person or Persons to be entitled to the Benefit of such Legacy shall be reduced in proportion to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon as aforesaid, such Reduction to be calculated in the same manner as the Duty so payable is hereinbefore directed to be calculated; and the Purchaser of such reduced Annuity, together with the Payment of such Duty, shall satisfy and discharge such Legacy as fully as if an Annuity had been purchased equal in Amount to the Annuity so directed to be purchased.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Benefit shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, in such Terms that the Amount or Value of such Benefit can only be ascertained from time to time by the actual Application for that Purpose of the Fund allotted for such Purposes, or made chargeable therewith; or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument cannot, by reason of the form or manner of the Gift, be so ascertained that the Duty to which the same shall be then subject can be charged thereon under any other of the Directions herein contained, then and in every such case, such Duty shall be charged upon the several Sums of Money or Effe6h which shall be applied from time to time for the Purposes directed by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, as separate and distinlt Legacies or Bequests, and shall be paid out of any Fund which may be applicable for such Purposes, or charged with answering the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty which shall from time to time be payable on a Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue of any Personal Estate given to or for the Benefit of, or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, who shall be chargeable at one and the same Rate with the Stamp Duties which shall then be payable, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue so given, as in the case of a Legacy to One Person; and where any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of, or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, some or One of whom shall be then chargeable with no Duty, or some Two or more of whom shall be chargeable with different Rates of Duty, so that One Rate of Duty cannot be immediately charged thereon, all Persons who under or in consequence of any such Bequest shall be entitled for Life only, or for any other temporary Interest, shall be chargeable with the Duty in respect of such Bequest in the same manner as if the Annual Produce thereof had been given by way of Annuity; and such Persons respectively shall be so chargeable with such Duty, and the same shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled to and begin to receive such Produce; and where any other partial Interest shall be given or shall arise out of such Property so to be enjoyed in Succession, the Duty on such partial Interest shall be charged and paid in the same manner as the Duty is hereinbefore directed to be charged and paid in like cases of partial Interests charged on any Property given otherwise than to different Persons in Succession; and all and every Person or Persons who shall become absolutely entitled to any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue to be enjoyed in Succession, lhafi, when and as such Person or Persons respectively shall receive the same, or begin to enjoy

the

A.D. 1814.

375

54 GEO. III. C. 92.

the Benefit thereof, be chargeable with and pay the Duty for the same, or such Part thereof as shall be so received, or of which the Benefit shall be so enjoyed, in the same manner as if the same had come to such Person or Persons immediately on the Death of the Person by whom such Property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such manner that the same shall be enjoyed in Succession.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Duty which shall Duty by whom from time to time be payable on any Legacy or Residue, or Part P-1)'*61*-of Residue, so given to or so to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, upon whom the Duty shall be chargeable at one and the same Rate, shall be deducted and paid by the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tef-tamentary Instrument under which the Title thereto shall arise upon Payment or other Satisfaction or Discharge of every or any Part of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, to any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be payable or paid, in Truit or for the Benefit of the Persons so entitled thereto in Succession; and if the same shall not be so paid or satisfied to any such Trustee or Trustees, then such Duty shall be deducted and paid out of the Capital of the Property so given, upon Receipt, by any of the Persons so entitled in Succession of any Produce of such Capital or any Part thereof, according to the Amount of the Capital of which such Produce shall be lo received; and where the Duty chargeable upon any such Bequest for the Benefit of or to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, shall be chargeable at different Rates, so that the same cannot be paid at one and the same time, but muff be paid in Succession as aforesaid, then and io such case all and every the Person and Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, in which such Bequest shall be contained, shall b<; chargeable with such Duties in Succession, in the same manner as such Persons would be chargeable with the like Duties in case of immediate Bequests, unless the Property bequeathed shall have been paid, or otherwise satisfied to or veiled in any Trustees or Trustee as aforesaid, in which case such Trustees or Trustee, or his, her or their Representatives, shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for or in respect of such Property so vested in him, her or them, respectively, in such and the same manner as if he, she or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shall have been made; and in like manner, where any partial Interest shall be given, or shall arise out of any such Property so to be enjoyed in Succession, and such partial Interest shall be satisfied or paid by the Person or Persons so enjoying such Property, such Person or Persons shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for and in respect of such partial Interest, and shall retain and pay the same accordingly, in such and the same manner as if he, file or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such partial Interest shall have been created 5 and in all such cases the Person or Persons so chargeable with Duty, shall be Debtors to The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in like Detom's to The manner, and shall be subject to the like Penalties, as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Will or Testamentary iAfhrument shall from time to time be chargeable and subject to.

A.D. 1814.

37

Plate, &c-while enjoyed in Kind, not li ihle to Doty tiil in Possession of Persons having Power to dispose thereof.

Duty on Legacies enjoyed in Succession charged as such, whether taken under Wills or by Iuteftacy.

Duty on Legacies in Joint Tenancy paid in Proportion to Interest of Parties.

[Proviso.]

C. 92. 54<" GEO. III.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Duty shall at any time be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture or other Things not yielding any Income, and given to and for the Benefit of, or so as that the same be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, whilst the same shall be so enjoyed in Kind only, by any Person or Persons not having any Power of felling or dispoiing thereof, so as to convert the same into Money or other Property yielding an Income; but if the same shall be actually sold or disposed of, or shall come to any Person or Persons having Power to sell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute Interest therein, then and in each and ev: ry such case the same Duty shall be chargeable and paid thereon as if the same had been originally given absolutely and with full Power to sell and dispose thereof, and shall be charge, able upon and paid by the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be sold, or who shall have Power to sell or dispose thereof, or any absolute Interest therein, and shall become the Debt of such Person or Persons, but shall not be a Charge on any Person or Persons by reason of his, her or their having assented to such Bequest as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shall have been made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue, shall be so given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, that different Persons shall become entitled thereto in Succession, the Duty shall be charged thereon, as given to be enjoyed in Succession, whether the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall take the same under or by virtue of such Will or Testamentary Instrument, and the Dispositions therein contained, or in Default of such Dispositions, and as entitled by Inteftacy.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where at any time any Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons in Joint Tenancy, some or One of whom shall be then chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and some or One of whom shall not be so chargeable, or where Two or more of such Joint Tenants shall be chargeable according to different Rates of Duty, then and in every of said cases all and every the Person or Persons chargeable with Duty, shall pay such Duty in proportion to the Interest of such Person or Persons respectively, and to the Rates at which they shall be so chargeable respectively in such Bequest; and if any Person or Persons so chargeable with such Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as aforesaid, shall become entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, to any larger Interest in the Property bequeathed than that in respect of which such Duty shall have been paid, then and in such case all and every such Person or Persons so becoming entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance, shall be charged with the same Duty as if the Property which such Joint Tenant or Joint Tenants shall so become entitled to had been then originally given to or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons only: Provided always, that if any Duty shall have been previously paid in respect of any Property to which any such Joint Tenant shall so become entitled, such Duty so previously paid shall be deducted and allowed ont of the Duty to which such Joint Tenant would then become liable

IS

377

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C.pa.

in respect to such Property; and if such Duty shall exceed that to which such Joint Tenant would be liable in respect to such Property, then such Joint Tenant shall not be liable to any Duty in respecfc thereto.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Refidne, shall be given, subject to any Contingency which may defeat such Gift, and whereupon the same may go to some other Persons or Person, such Bequest (unless chargeable as an Annuity under the Provisions herein contained), shall be charged with Duty as an absolute Bequest to the Person or Persons who shall take the same, subject to such Contingency, and such Duty shall be paid out of the Capital of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, notwithstanding the same may be upon such Contingency to go to some Person not chargeable with the same Duty, or with any Duty; and if such Contingency shall afterwards happen, and the Property so bequeathed shall thereupon go in such manner that the same if taken immediately after the Death of the Testator or Testatrix under the same Title would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty so paid, the Person or Persons becoming entitled thereto shall be charged with and shall pay the Difference between the Duty so paid, and such higher Rate of Duty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or the Refidne, or any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate, shall be subject to any Power of Appointment, to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons specially named or described as Objects of such Power, such Property shall be chargeable with Duty as Property given to different Persons in Succession 5 and in so charging such Duty, not only the Person and Persons who shall take previous or subject to such Power of Appointment, but also any Person and Persons who shall take under or in Default of any such Appointment, when and as they shall so take respectively, shall in respect of their fevetal Interests, whether previous or subject to or under, or in Default of such Appointment, be charged with the same Duty and in the same manner as if the same Interests had been given to him, her or them respectively, in and by the Will or Testamentary Disposition containing such Power, in tfye same Order and Course of Succession as shall take place under and by virtue of such Power of Appointment, or in Default of Execution thereof, as the case may happen to be; and where any Property shall be given for any limited Iuterect, and a general and absolute Power of Appointment shall also be given to any Person or Persons to whom the Property would not belong in Default of such Appointment, such Property, upon the Execution of such Power, shall be charged with the same Duty and in the same manner as if the same Property had been immediately given to the Person or Persons having and executing such Power, after allowing any Duty before paid in respect thereof; and where any Property shall be given with any such general Power of Appointment, which Property in Default will belong to the Person or Persons to whom such Power shall also be given, such Property shall be charged with and shall pay the Duty in the same manner as if such Property had been given to such Person or Persons absolutely in the first Inltance without such Power of Appointment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money or Personal Estate directed to be applied in the Purchase of Real Estate,

Duty on Legacies subject to Contingencies, charged ns for absolute Be-quells&c.

How Duty on

Legacies subject to Power of Appointment charged.

How Duty on Personal Estates directed to be

378 C.$2. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

applied in Pur-cital'e o Real Estate.

Legacies charged on Real i dates liable to Duty as Personal Estate.

Estate* pur auter vie.

Money left to pay Du*y not chargeable with Duty.

Mode of ascertaining Duty on Prop r>y not reduced into Money.

Estate, shall be charged with and pay Duty as Personal Estate, unless the same shall be given so as to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, and then each Person entitled thereto in Succession shall pay Duty for the same in the same manner as if the same had not been directed to be applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, unless the same shall have been actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate before such Duty accrued; but no Duty shall accrue in respect thereof, after the same shall have been actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so applied: Provided nevertheless, that in case before the same or some Part thereof shall be actually so applied, any Person or Persons shall become entitled to an Estate of Inheritance in possession in the Real Estate to be purchased therewith, or with so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, the same Duty which ought to be paid by such Person or Persons if absolutely entitled thereto as Personal Estate, by virtue of any Bequest thereof, as such, shall be charged on such Person or Persons so entitled, and raised and paid out of the Fund remaining to be applied in such Purchase.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Real Estate shall by ary Will be directed to be sold charged with any Legacy or Legacies, the Person or Persons entitled to sell the same, or bound to pay such Legacy or Legacies, and also the Person beneficially entitled to such Legacies, or to the Residue or any Parts of the Residue of the Purchase Money thereof, shall respectively be liable to pay the Stamp Duties which shall then be by Law payable thereon respectively, in the same manner in all respects mutatis mutandis as concerning the Administration of Personal Estate, as hereinbefore provided.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Estates Pur auter nit applicable by Law in the same manner as Personal Estate, shall be charged with all Stamp Duties imposed or to be imposed as Personal Estate.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Direction shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument for Payment of the Duty chargeable upon any Legacy or Bequest out of some other Fund, so that such Legacy or Bequest may pass to the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Benefit the same shall be given free of Duty, no Duty shall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of such Duty, notwithstanding the same may be deemed a Legacy to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who would otherwise pay such Duty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in cases of specific Legacies, and where the Residue of any Personal Estate shall conlifl of Property which shall not be reduced into Money, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Efft dls, or the Person or Persons by whom the Duty thereon ought to be paid, to set a Value thereon, and to offer to pay the Duty according to such Value, or to require the Commissioners for Management of Stamp Duties to appoint a Person to set and appraise such Value at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to accept the Duty offered to be paid upon the Value set by the Person or Persons having or taking the Administration of such EffeD, or by whom the Duty for the same shall be payable,

without

A.D. 1814.

379

54 GEO III. C. 92.

without such Appraisement, if the said Commissioners shall think fit so to do s but it the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Value so fefc on which the Duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, notwithstanding such Offer, to appoint a Person to appraise such Effects and to fct the Value thereon, on which Value so set the said Commissioners shall assess the Duty payable in respect thereof, and require the same to be paid; but if the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable shall not be satisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, and pay the Duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, at any time within Three Calendar Months after he, she or they shall have Notice of such Valuation, to appeal therefrom to, and to cause the Valuation so made under the Authority of the said Commissioners to be received by the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes in Ireland; and if the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall not be duly appealed from within the Period aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Valuation; and if any Variance shall be made on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance; and if the Duty assefied in manner aforesaid shall exceed the Duty offered to, and refused by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the Expence of such Appraisement and other Proceedings in assessing such Duty, shall be borne by the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable; and if any Dispute shall arise between any Person or Per* ions entitled to any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, and any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Effe6U with respect to the Value thereof, or with respect to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty shall be assessed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, on Reference to them by either Party for that Purpose; and if the Value of any Property on which such Duty ought to be paid shall be in Dispute, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause an Appraisement to be made thereof at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed in other^cases, and afiefs the Puty thereon accordingly; and if such Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid shall be dissatisfied with such Valuation, or with the Assessment of Duty made upon such Valuation by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, the same shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes, upon Appeal to them within the time and in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases; but if such Valuation or Assessment shall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that Purpose, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according thereto; and if any

Variance shall be made therein on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or Duty on I.ega-Part of any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, whereon any cies not satisfied Duty shall be chargeable by this Act, shall be satisfied otherwise than hi Money. by Payment of Money, or Application of specific Effetfs for that toValu^of*5 Purpose, or shall be released for Consideration, or compounded for satisfaction, kfs than the Amount or Value thereof, then and in such case the Duty shall be charged and paid in respect of such Legacy or Part

of

380

C. 92.

A.D. 1814.

If Legatees refuse to acci. pt Legacies, Duty deducted,

Court, in case of Suit, rmy order them to pay Costs;

Suits where Party sued wishes to stop Proceedings on Payment of Bc-quests, dedu6\ing Duty, Court may make Order.

Suit instituted concerning Ad* ministration, Court to provide for Payment of Duty.

54 GEO. III.

of Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Satisfaction thereof, or as the Consideration for Release thereof or Composition for the same: Provided always, that if any Legacy or Bequelt shall be made in Satisfaction of any other Leg icy or Bequelt, or Title to any Residue or Part of Residue of any Personal Ellate remaining unpaid, the Duty shall not be paid on both Subjects, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but shall be paid on the Subject yielding the largest Duty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, or any Person or Persons hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall declare himself, herself or themselves ready and willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, deducting the Duty payable thereon, or shall in like manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any specific Legacy, or any specific Property, Part of any Residue of any Personal Estate, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to any Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons, upon Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof, and the Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, or the Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons, shall refuse to accept such Offer, and to give a proper Release and Discharge for such Legacy or Residue, or so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered, or otherwise disposed of as aforesaid, then and in such case, although no adtiial Tender shall be made, if any Suit shall be afterwards instituted for such Legacy or Effects, respecting which such Offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, to order all Colts, Charges and Expences attending the same to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have refilled to accept such Offer, and to give or join in such Release or Discharge, or to order such Cods, Charges and Expences to be deducted and retained out of such Legacy or Effects, together with the Duty payable thereon, as the said Court shall see fit 5 and in case any Suit shall be instituted for Payment of any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue of any Personal Estate, and the Person or Persons sued for the same shall be desirous of Haying Proceedings in such Suit on Payment of the Money due, or delivering or otherwise disposing of the specific Effects demanded, after deducing or receiving the Duty payable thereon, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, if it shall see fit, on Application in a summary way to make such Order for Payment of such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing of such Effects, and for Payment of the Duty payable thereon, and all such Colls, Charges and Expences attend* ing such Suit, as shall be just.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit shall be instituted concerning the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person dying tellate or intestate, or any Part of such Estate, in which any Direction shall be given touching the Payment of any Legacies or Legacy of such Person, or the Residue of his or her Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, the Court wherein such Suk

shall be instituted shall, in giving Directions concerning the same,

provide

3*i

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 9a.

provide for the due Payment of the Duties which shall be payable thereon in taking any Account of any Personal Estate, or otherwise acting concerning the same, such Court shall take care that no Allowance shall be made in respect of any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or of any Residue, or Part of Residue in any manner whatsoever, without due Proof of the Payment of the Duties to which the same shall from time to time be liable.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Executors may Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of:, lchlrSe*c-any Will or other Teilamentary Instrument, or the Administration j^nTof Duty" of the Personal Ellate of any Person deceased, may from time to time accrued.

pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or make Distribution of any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate, on Payment from time to time of such Proportions of the Duty by Law payable thereon, as shall accrue in respect of such Part of such Personal Estate as shall be so administered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Legacy liable t having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Tef- Dul> no* P-, <* tamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, nor any Trustee or Trustees, or other Per- v

[Proviso.]

son or Persons hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or in any manner satisfy, discharge or compound for any Legacy whatsoever, or any Part thereof, or the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, in respect whereof any Duty is payable by Law, without taking a Receipt or Discharge in Writing for the same, expressing the Date of such Receipt or Discharge, and the Names of the Testator, Testatrix or Intestate, under whose Will or Testamentary Disposition, or upon whose Inteftacy the Title to such Legacy or Part of Legacy, or to such Residue or Part of Residue shall accrue, and of the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt or Discharge shall be given, and of the Person or Persons to whom such Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue shall have been given or shall nave belonged in consequence of Inteftacy, and the Amount or Value of the Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, for which such Receipt or Discharge shall be given, and also the Amount and Rate of the Duty payable and allowed thereon 5 and that no written Re- No Receipt ceipt or Discharge for any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or for the v*})la^, c unle& Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, in J ampt*respect whereof any Duty is payable by Law, shall be received in Evidence or be available in any manner whatever, unless the same dull be duly damped according to Law; and no Evidence whatsoever shall be given of any Payment, Satisfaction or Discharge whatsoever, or of any Release or Composition of such Legacy or any Put thereof, or of such Residue or any Part thereof, without producing such Receipt or Discharge, duly stamped as aforesaid, unless the actual Payment of the Duty hereby imposed shall first be given in Evidence: Provided always, that a Copy of the Entry in the

Books of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties of the Payment of such Dnty, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof: Provided also, that Stamped Repayment of any Annuity shall not be deemed a Payment for which f^'Pts, or An.nl> such damped Receipt shall be required under the Directions of this com-, r< Act, except the several Payments which shall complete the Pay- p^tingPayments meats for each '

382

A.D. 1814.

of first Four

Years.

Payne or receiving Legacies without rtamped Receipts,

[Penalty.]

Penaly.

Receipts stamped within Three Months after D ite, 0.1 ywhich; m Acknowledgment ot Payment of Duty shall be written, &c.

c. 92. U GEO. III.

mentsfor each of the first Four Years during which such Annuity shall be payable; and in like manner any Payment in respect of any Legacy or Bequest hereby directed to be charged with the Duty, in the same manner as Annuities are hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall not be deemed a Payment for which such stamped Receipt shall be required, except the several Payments which shall complete the Payments for each of the first Four Years in respect of which such Legacy or Bequest shall be chargeable with Duty as an Annuity.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, and any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, who shall pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or in any manner satisfy or discharge or compound for any Legacy given by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Residue or any Part of the Residue of such Personal Estate, to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy or any Part thereof, or to such Residue or any Part thereof, without taking such Receipt or Discharge in Writing as aforesaid, and causing the same to be damped within the time allowed by Law for damping the same, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Sum of Money, or the Value of the Property, if not Money, for which such Receipt or Discharge ought to have been given; and all and every Person and Persons receiving or taking the Benefit of any such Money or other Property without giving a written Receipt or Discharge for the same, in which the Duty payable in respect thereof shall be expressed to have been allowed or paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt or Discharge shall be given, and which shall bear Date on the Day of signing the same, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Sum of Money, or on the Value of the Property so received or taken.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Receipt or Discharge shall be brought, within the Space ot Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or to some other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, to be damped, paying the Duty for the same 5 and upon such Payment, either at the said Head Office, or at any other Office to be appointed as aforesaid, the Receiver General, or other proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, as the case may be, shall write upon such Receipt or Discharge an Acknowledgment of the Payment of the Duty so paid in Words at length, and bearing Date the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his Name thereto, and enter an Account thereof in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, to the Intent that he may be thereby charged with tin? Sum so paid; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the Head Office, then the Receipt or Discharge so brought to be stamped shall be forthwith duly damped, as the case shall require; and in case the Duty shall be 0 paid at any other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Receipt or Discharge whereon such Acknowledgement of the Payment of the Duty shall be so written and subscribed, shall be transmitted within the

Space

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.'

C. (^2#

383

Space of Twenty one Days from the Day of Payment of such Duty to the said Head Office, and the same shall be duly stamped accordingly, as the case shall require; and in case the Person or Persons paying such Duty at any such Office to be appointed as aforesaid,

shall be desirous that the same shall be transmitted to the said Head Office by the Officer to whom such Duty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall thereupon (ign and deliver an Acknowledgment that such Receipt or Discharge has been left with him for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Receipt or Discharge to such Head Office to be stamped as aforesaid, and the same shall be sent again to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof, and such Officer shall deliver back the same to the Persons or Person entitled thereto, upon Redelivery' to him of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the same: Provided always, that if any such Receipt or Discharge shall ReceiPts not be so brought to any such Office as aforesaid within such Space 2?hmped, J} of Three Calendar Months as aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful hwITelapsed oa to carry such Receipt or Discharge to the said Head Office to be Payment of damped in like manner, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Duty and id. Months from the Date thereof, paying the Duty for the same, and Per Cent* also the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on such Duty, by ena ty* way of Penalty for not having before paid such Duty 5 on Payment of which Duty and Penalty the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to (lamp such Receipt or Discharge in the same manner as if the same had been brought to the said Office within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof: and where any such Receipt or Discharge shall have been signed out of Ireland\ it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, within Two Years from the Date thereof, to remit any Penalty that may have been incurred thereon, and to cause the same to be duly damped, on Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof 5 any thing contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Persons paying, Party or Parties paying or satisfying any Legacy, or any Residue Money con-of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, or receiving the tr*ry to m same contrary to the Provisions of this Act, who shall, within the ^emni^din- Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed,

discover the other Party or Parties offending therein, so that such Party or Parties so discovered be thereupon convicted, such Person (o discovering shall be indemnified and discharged from all Penalties incurred for any Offence against this Act.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, If by Infancy or where by reason of the Infancy or Absence beyond the Seas of any A1>lence Lega-Person entitled to any Legacy, or to the Residue of any Personal Va^id  Money*Estate, or any Part thereof, chargeable with Duty by virtue of this Jnav be pa.d* Ail or by reason of any Doubt as to the Condru6lion of any Will, into Bank and the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of any Will bid om in 3$ or Testamentary Indrument, or the Administration of such Personal Fer Ccat* Estate, cannot pay such Legacy, or some Part thereof, although he,

(he or they may have Effects for that Purpose, or cannot pay such Residue, or some Part thereof, although he, she or they may have the dune, or some Part thereof, in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to pay such Legacy or Residue, or any Part thereof respectively, or any Sum or Sums of Money on account

thereof.

384

C. (jJ<

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

if Money improperly paid in Chancery may iiipole thereof.

Excess of Duty resumed,

and if left, on Payment of full Duty, Chati eery may order Repayment to Party.

Accountant General's Certificate of Payment into Hank fiUd in Chancery, Sc c.

thereof, after deducting the Dtity chargeable thereon, into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to the Account of the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be so paid, or of the Person who may be entitled thereto; for Payment of which Money, the said Accountant General shall give his Certificate as usual in such cases, on Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, that the Duty thereon has been duly paid; and such Payment into the Bank shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Money so paid in, provided the Duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such Money, when paid in, shall be laid out by the said Accountant General, with* out any formal Requell for that Purpose, in the Purchase of Three and an Half Pounds per Centum Consolidated Government Stock in the Bank of Ireland; and the Dividends thereon shall be received from time to time by the Accountant General, and laid out hr like manner; and the whole of such Stock, with the Dividends thereon* shall be transferred and paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Benefit, on Application to- the Court of Chancery by Petition or Motion in a summary way: Provided always, that if it shall afterwards appear, that such Money, or any Part thereof, has been improperly paid into the Bank as aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upost Petition in a summary way, to dispose thereof, and of the Stock purchifed therewith, and the Dividends received thereon, in such mart tier a* Justice shall require: Provided also, that if it shall appear that the Duty paid in respect of any Sum of Money was more than ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall have paid such Duty, to apply to the said Commissiotiet* for Management of the Stamp Duties to repay such Excess of Duty; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, upon such Application* ts repay such Excess of Duty to such Person or Persons as shall appear to them entitled to receive the same, or to pay such Excess of Duty into the Bank, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, to be pheed to the same Account, and to be applied in the same manner as the same would have been applicable if paid together with the Remainder of the Legacy or Sum of Money in respect of which the facie fall have been paid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to oak* such Payments respectively out of the Monies in their Hands* snfing from Duties under their Management; and if the Duty paid to the said Commissioners shall appear to be less than the Duty which ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Ferions who paid such Money into the Bank as aforesaid, upon Payment of the fall Duty to the said Commissioners in such manner as the same ought to be paid, with such Penalties, if any, as ought to be paid in respect thereof, to apply to the Court of Chancery in a summary way for the Repayment of the further Sum paid to the said Commissioners for fodh Duty, out of the Money in the Bank so paid in by fu<*h Person or Persons, or the Produce thereof; which Payment the said Cdnrt it hereby authorized to order. 1

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sum of Msbey be so paid into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of tbs find As- countant General, the Accountant General's Certificate of such Payment shall be filed with the proper Officer of the said Court of Chancery,

A.D. 18J4-

385

54 GEO. III. C. 92.

eery, in the proper Office, in the same manner as Certificates of Payment of Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are usually filed; and when the said Accountant General shall have drawn any Draft on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ for Payment of such Money, in the usual Form, for the Purpose of applying the same in the Purchase of Three and an Half Pounds per Centum Government Stock as aforesaid, such Draft shall be carried to the said Office, and entered and signed by the proper Officer, in the same manner as Drafts drawn by the said Accountant General in pursuance of anj Order of the said Court are usually entered and signed as aforesaid; and thereupon the same shall be a Warrant to the said Governor and Company, for Payment of the Money specified in such Draft, in the same manner as Drafts of the said Accountant General drawn, entered and ligned in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are Warrants to the said Governor and Company for Payment of Money in other cases; and the said Court of Chancery shall from time to time make all and every such Orders and Order a3 shall be necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act respectir\g any Money so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid into Execution; and such Orders or Order shall and may be made either in any particular Matter or for the general Purposes of this Act, as Occasion shall require, and as to the said Court shall seem fit; and such Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery shall be sufficient Warrant to the said Accountant General, and to the Officers of the said Court, and to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to all Persons whom foe ver, for all Things which shall be done in pursuance of any such Order or Orders, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no such Money shall be liable to Usher's Poundage.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if at the End of Two Years after the Death of any Person deceased, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties that it will require time to collect the Debts or Effects of such Person then out-(landing, or that from Circumstances it will be difficult to ascertain or adjust the Amount of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of such Person liable to Duty, or the Nature, Amount or Circumstances of any Legacy or Legacies, and the Parties interested therein shall be desirous of compounding for the Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively, with the Consent of the Commi (Tuners of Stamp Duties, to make Application to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for Leave to compound such Duty, Hating upon Oath the Particulars of the Personal Estate for which such Composition shall be proposed to be made by Affidavit to be filed in the said Court, and declaring at the same time ujpon Oath whether any other Property of the deceased, then outstanding, be Tides the Property for which such Composition shall be proposed to be made, hath come to the Knowledge of the said Parties, or any of them, and the Nature thereof, and the Circumstances attending the same; and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to appoint a proper Person to set a Value on the Personal Estate, or such Part thereof for which no Duty shall have been charged, and which shall have been specified in such Affidavit as the Property for which such Compofi-tioa shall be desired, and to adjust and settle t!>e Duty which jullly

54 GEO. III. C c and

Usher's Pound-ige-

If it shall appear

to Commissioners at ud of Two Years after Death of any Person that it will re^uire<ime to collect Ef fe6te, or be difficult to ascertain Residue of Personal Estate, Duty compounded for.

A.D. 1814.

3^6 C. 92. 54 GEO. III.

Duty pid for that which is not included ill

Composition.

If Leracy refunded, Duty repaid.

Jhecutors re taming Legacies

and equitably under all Circumstances ought to be paid in respc^ of such Personal Estate so specified; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, if the said Court of Exchequer shall confirm the said Adjustment and Settlement, and order the Duty to be accepted accordingly, and by Authority of such Order, to accept Payment of the Sum so adjusted and settled in full Discharge of the Duty on so much of such Personal Estate as shall be so specified, and according to such Order, and to enter the same in their Books accordingly, and to grant Certificates thereof, expressing the Receipt of such Duty by way of Composition under such Order; and every such Person to whom such Certificate shall be granted, and every future Representative of the same Estate, and all Persons entitled to the Benefit of the Property for which such Composition shall be so paid, shall be discharged from any further Payment of Duty on the lame 5 and in all future Payments of such Property, it shall be lawful for the Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Testamentary Instrument disposing such Property, or the Administration thereof, to pay, apply and dispose of the same, and for all Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof, to receive the same, without having the Receipts and Discharges in Writing hereby required to be given and taken for the same, stamped as hereinbefore directed, provided such Receipts or Discharges shall express the same to be given under the Authority of such Composition as aforesaid, and not liable to such Duty: Provided always nevertheless, that the Duty shall be charged and paid upon all and every Part of the Personal Estate of such Person deceased, other than that which shall be specified in such Affidavit as aforesaid, and included in the Valuation in which such Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, and for which the said Court of Exchequer shall allow and order such Composition to be taken as aforesaid, in the same manner as if no such Composition had been made; and all and every Person and Persons shall be liable to all the like Penalties and Forfeitures for not duly paying the Duty for such Personal Estate cot compounded for, and subject to the like Rules, Methods and Directions, for charging such Duty, as such Person and Persons respectively would be liable to if such Composition had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after Payment of Duty on any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, any Debt shall be recovered against the Estate of such deceased Person, or any Loss shall happen, by reason whereof, or for any other just Cause, any Legatee or other Person, by whom any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or any Residue of any Personal Estate hath been received or retained, shall be obliged to refund the same or any Part thereof, then in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties and they are hereby required, on due Proof made on Oath as aforesaid, to their Satisfaction, of the Amount of such Sums refunded, and that by reason thereof there hath been an Overpayment of Duty, to settle and adjull the Amount of such Overpayment, and to repay the same out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties under their Management, or to allow the same in future Payment, as the case may permit or require.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any

13 Will

A.D. 1814.

387

54 GEO. III. C. 92.

Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of any Per- to tnnsmit l\ir-

fonal Estate as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Legacy, or the titulars with

Residue or any Part of the Residue of the Personal Estate of any .^red to

Tellator, Testatrix or Intellate, such Person shall be chargeable with ofs^pSner8

the Duty whenever he, she or they shall be entitled in the due Course

of Administration to retain to his, her or their own Use any Part of the said Estate, in Satisfaction of such Legacy or Residue or any Part

thereof; and every such Person before any such Retainer shall trans-

mit to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or their Officers, a

Note containing the Particulars of such Legacy, Residue or Part of

Residue intended to be retained, and the Amount and Value thereof,

and the Duty which such Person or Persons shall offer to pay

thereon; and the said Commissioners shall charge and assess the

Duty thereon in such manner as the Duty shall be chargeable thereon

by virtue of the Provisions in this or any other Act contained, and

such Duty shall be paid accordingly 5 and on Payment of the said

Duty the Officer appointed to receive the same shall, at the Foot of

a Duplicate of the said Assessment duly stamped, in such manner as

the said Commissioners shall direct for such Purpose, give a Receipt for such Duty in such Form of Words as the said Commissioners shall direct, which Receipt shall be a Discharge for the Duty expressed therein 5 and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect Neglecting Pay-

to pay such Duty as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after the Tame ment of Duty-

ought to have been paid as aforesaid, every such Person and Per- 1>eiu, t*v*

Tons shall forfeit and pay Treble the Value of the Duty which ought to have been paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Authority If Adminiflra-under or by colour of which any Person shall have administered the tion made vo'!tb Estate or Effects of any Person deceased, or any Part thereof, shall and Duty Hull be void or be repealed, or declared void, and such Person shall, before the Avoidance, Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance, have paid any^rej, assf Duty by Law imposed which shall not be allowed to such Person Sec. out of the Estate or Effects of such deceased Person, by reason that the same Duty was not really due or payable, the Money paid for such Duty shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall have paid the same, or his, her or their Representatives, by the said Commissioners, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from Duties under their Management; but in case such Duty ought to have been paid by the rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Person, then and in such case the Payment of such Duty shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Avoidance, Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance as aforesaid; and no such Person shall, by reason of the Avoidance,

Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance of such Authority, be sued, rcolefted or troubled for or in respect of such Payment 5 but all such Payments in respect of the said Duty shall be allowed in Account with such rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators; and the same shall be deemed Payments in the due Course of Administration, as fully and effectually as if such Payments had been made by rightful Executors or Administrators; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Altering, &c. alter anj Word, Letter, Figure or Number in any Assessment or Re- RcC'ii, 5cc.

C c 2 ceipt

y'

383

A.D. 1814.

[Penalty.]

Penalties incurred for Nonpayment < ! Duties heretofore payable remitted on Payment of Duties before Jan. 31, 1815.

ftegiftrar^&c.

of Ecclesiastical Courts to give an Account of Wills, Sec. when required.

C. 92. GEO. III.

ceipt to be made or given in pursuance of this Act for any of the said Duties, after the same shall have been duly signed, or shall utter or publish as true such altered Assessment or Receipt, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, then and in such case every Person so altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XL. And Whereas many Persons may through Ignorance or Inadvertence, or from accidental or unavoidable Cauies, have ne- glcdted to pay the Duties heretofore payable in respect of Legacies,

and of Refid ues of Personal Estate given by Wills or other Tef- tamentary Instruments, or which have devolved to any Person or Persons upon Inteftacies, within the time prescribed by Law for i that Purpose, and may have incurred heavy Penalties by reason of such Neglect Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have incurred any Penalty before the Commencement of this Act by reason of the Nonpayment of any such Duty as aforesaid, shall offer to pay the same to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties at their Head Office in Dublin, on or before the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Duty was not paid within the time prescribed by Law, through Ignorance or Inadvertence, or from any accidental or unavoidable Cause, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the Penalty, and to receive the Duty which shall be due and payable by Law, according to the circumstances of the case, and to cause a proper Receipt to be given for such Duty, and also to cause the Receipt or Discharge (if any) which shall have been given for the Legacy or Residue, or Share of Residue, of any Personal Estate in respect of which such Duty shall be paid, to be duly damped as the Law requires for making the same available, and thereupon such Re* ceipt or Discharge shall be as valid and available as if the same had been damped and the Duty paid within the time originally prescribed for that Purpose 5 any thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any One or more of them, to require of every Registrar or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland having the Custody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or having the Custody of any Entry or Register of any Administrations granted in any such Courts, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with an Abstract of the Particulars relating thereto, and such Extracta from any such Wills as may seem necessary to such Commissioners or Comraimoner, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the same; and in case there shall be any Dispute as to the Amount of Fees so to be paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Distributor or other Officer duly employed or authorized by them, to require, by a Notice in Writing, the Registrar or other proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court, to produce any Will which shall be therein, and all and every' Order and Proceeding of or in the said Court, relating to such Will, to any Person who shall be named in such Notice, and who shall have free Liberty to take an Account and Abilrad thereof, and to make such Extrada as he shall think proper therefrom; and if asy such Registrar or

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 92.

other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to produce forthwith any such Will, according to such Notice, or to permit such Person so named in such Notice, at all reasonable times, to take an Account and Abflra# of such Wills, Orders and Proceedings, or any of them, or any Extracts or Extract therefrom which such Person shall desire to make, or shall knowingly or wilfully deliver to such Person any false Will, Account, Abflra#, Extra#, Order or Proceeding, then and in every such case, every such Registrar or other Officer shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Cods of Suit, by Information in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland % to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Account, Ab (Ira# or Extra#, shall and may be written on Paper without Stamps, and shall be kept for the Use only of the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being and their Officers employed in their Business.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A#, for the Recovery or Application of which no special Provision is made by this A#, shall be recovered and applied in such manner and under such Rules, Dire#ions, Powers and Provisions, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to any Penalties or Forfeitures under the said recited A#) and as if such Rules, Dire#ions, Powers and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in this A#.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effe# from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A.

Form to be used by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in providing Blank Forms for Receipts and Discharges, given under this A*

STAMP OFFICE.

On Account of the Personal Estate of deceased,

between taking the Administration of the said Eslate,

and Legatee [or, next of Kin, as the case may be

. d.

Amount of the Sum [or Value, if not in Monty ] accounted for -

Duty allowed at the Rate of per Centum -

Balance received

Received the Day of the above Balance

in foil [or Part, as the case may be] of my [Legacy, or Share, as the case may be] out of the Personal Estate above mentioned.

C c 3 TABLE

38S>

Repiftrars, See. neglecting.

[Penalty.]

Accounts written on unstampc^ Paper.

Penalties, Sec. how recovered.

SI G. 3. c. i*

Commencement of A#.

39

54 GEO. III.

A.D i & 1^1

C. 92.

TABLE I.

THE Values of an Annuity of 100. per Annum, held on a single Life, and payable Yearly.

Years of Ag e. Values. . s. d. Years of Age. Values. . s. t

1 1, 010 14  46 - 998 

2 1, 172 8  47 - 984 12 -

3 1, 23416  48 - 970 14 -

1, 276 18  49 - 956 6 -

5 1, 396 4  5 - 941 14 -

6 1, 315 12  51 - 927 6 -

7 1, 32710  52 - 912 l8 "

8 1>333 >4  53, 898

9 i>333 10  54 - 882 I4 "

10 1, 328 10  55 - 867

11 1, 321 4  56 - 85O l8 -

12*l3 57 - 834 6 "

13 1, 304 8 _ 5 - 817 6 -

J4 1, 295 6  59 - 799 18 -

15 1, 285 14  60 - 782

16 1, 275 IO  61 - 7634 "

*7 1, 265 IO 62 - 744 18 -

18 1, 256 4  63 - 725 6-

19 1, 247 14  64 705 4 "

20 1, 239 16  65 - 684 2 -

21 1, 232 18  66 662 10 -

22 1, 226 10  67 - 640 10 -

23 1, 220 68 - 617 18 -

24 1, 213 4  69 - 594 18 -

25 1, 206 6  70 .571 12-

26 II99 4  7i - 547 18 -

27 1, 191 14  72 - 524 2 -

28 1, 184 2  73 - 500 8 -

29 1, 176 6  74 - 476 18 -

30 1, 168 4  75 - 454 4 "

31 1, 159 16  76 - 432 12 "

32 1, 151 4 " 77 - 410 18 -

33 1, 142 6  78 - 388 8-

34 ii33 2  79 - 364 2 "

35 1, 123 12  80 - 339 8 "

3* 1, 113 14  81 - 3*5 12 "

37 1, 103 10  82 - 292 12 -

38 1, 092 18  83 - 271 6 

39 1, 081 18  84 - 255 2 -

40 1, 070 10  85 - 240 4 -

4i 1, 058 18  86 - 226 12 

42 1, 047 6  87 - 213 16 

43 1, 035 12 88 - 203 2 

44 1, 023 IO  89 188 4 "

45 I, OI I   CjC 90 )ogIe - 168 18 

/\c\ pazv\\6\Q

Ape* of rhc Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>Z

e

a Q

c "

Ages of the Elder Lives.

( -J -3 OO OO --

_ - - - Jl V/t NXt N 'CjUl M O "4 N vl

5 as.? S'as 3--0 00

ON

00 0

VO^ I I

I I I M I I I I I 1

ON-^--

-I KJ <*> -b '

ON-J OCNO O M

Ages of the Younger Lives.

- n\ On Ov C\CN U 4. wi vn S'X Oo vo -f* OO O

I: aaOOC'O 04

I o =,

[Table junk removed.]

ON On oT^T

Ages of the Elder, Lives. '

Age* of the Y. unger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

*\\Tx\ n n m 11 m " 1111 IIII I M 111 111 1 M-

Ages of" the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Age* of the Younger Lives.

>t

i 3

5; o

to

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Age* of the Younger Lives.

5 n

Is

C.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Age* of tlte Younger Lives.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives,

N W -i* Vn C7s"

Ages of the Younger Lives.

td

M

hmKINMNWNWWJJ

vnooHWMWMt)rt 4* oov^i

s-n oovo 6 O O

Os I N N 00 0s 5\ N OS 00

M h> W M

J S3S3SI^>

oevo o - r

i i /1

>2 2 S

5 o

c "

" o

OOOODOOOO 00-00 3 00 oooo 00 OO 00

OO ro oo OO oo oo oo oo o oo oo Ages of the

S?vJ?sA Eider Lives.

_ M M t w w>^V W +^'ov^J '"Soso o'

ooso o - OS^J OOVO O - K> ua 4*. v^, OS^J OOVO O M + Os-J OOVO Q m N OJ -r __________

-OvovOVOONSvSS5S)SS)S)^SsSs^vKvS^JicSw--OVOsO

I I I I I I I l II I I I I I I i I l I I I I I II I I I I I I i I I I I M I I I M

Ages of the Younger Lives.

I*

x*  : ? 3 r

oo

VO

A^Toftho Elder l.ive*. of the

Ages of the Younger Lives-

[Table garbage]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

2 c

3 O C

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Garbage removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Garbage removed]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

J> bi

5 c*

S r

c

: s>

Ages of the Elder Lives.

<n

o

eg

rT

"o"t"fe-jg's*e*^onoc^.o'p'gas*2

to CM 4* vo ON^J oovo O - to Co 4^ v^ ON'-J OCVO O -

vj

to oo -h

V vj vj

V^i On*-!

NlNl OO

oovo O

Ages of the Younger Lives.

ST&S'S-SV?*

w " n o ono ocOv^a oo to O >0 ON- <-o VO

to to to to to

to to to to to to

to to to

00 OO ^4

to to to to M - OO to to Ca

ON-K to

XI

OO Oc

o

On m

On- C* I oc_ vo Oi I 5v^  M

00

On On On Cn4* co

I a.- - i u>-4* c*o m o oovo coto*<i 0 -vj to On on On w'

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

Ages of the Younger Lives.

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

Ages of the Elder Lives.

<junk snipped. rescan these tables>

Ages of the Younger Lives.

3-

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Younger Lives*

>t

s o

r

s*

A

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

5

1* a*

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

404

S4* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

C. 92.

TABLE II.  continued.

Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities.

aC. /. d. . x. d. . X. d.

69 68 40 5 19  69 24 542 H  68 49 518 I 

69 67 414 4  69 23 543 x4 - 68 48 521 6 

69 66 422 10  69 22 544 >3  68 47 523 18 

69 65 4305  69 21 545 x3  68 46 526 10 

69 64 439  69 20 546 12  68 45 529 2 

69 63 444 10  69 X9 547 12  68 44 53x 14 -

69 62 450   69 l8 5493  68 43 534 6-

69 61 455 10  69 x7 551 x4  68 42 536 7 

69 60 461  69 16 553 x4  68 41 538 8 

69 59 466 10  695 555 x5  68 40 540 10 

69 58 470 10  69 x4 557 16  68 39 542 11 

69 57 4749- 69 x3 558 lS  68 38 544 12 

69 56 4789- 69 12 559 14  68 37 546 3 

69 55 482 8  69 11 560 x4  68 36 547 14 

69 54 486 8  69 10 561 x3  68 35 549 6 -

69 53 489 4  69956 2 12  68 34 550 17 

5* 492 7  69 8 559 18  68 33 55 2 8 

9 5> 495 11  69 7 554 18  68 32 553 11 

69 5 498 14  69 6 548 10  68 3X 554 14 

69 49 501 18  69 5 540 2  68 3 555 16 

69 48 504 10  69 4 533 4  68 29 cy6 19 

69 47 507 3  69 3 5*5 18  68 28 558 2 

69 46 59 x5  69 2 49* 16  68 27 559 1 

69 60 45 A A 5*2 C I C 8  69 1 427 x4 " 68 26 560 

u9 T* Do 25 500 10 

69 43 5*7  68 68 4X7 2  68 24 561 17 

69 4* 5*8 x9  68 67 425 4  68 23 562 16 

69 41 520 19 - 68 66 433 6  68 22 564

69 40 522 18  68 6S 441 8  68 21 565 5 

69 39 5*4 18  68 64 449 10  68 20 c669 

69 38 5269  68 63 457 12  68 x9 567 14 

69 37 528  68 62 463 1  68 1868 18 

69 36 529 10  68 61 468 10  68 x7 57x 1 

69 35 53* 1  68 60 474  68 16 573 4 

69 34 53 2 12  68 59 4799  68 x5 575 6 

69 33 533 x5  68 58 484 18  68 x4 5779 

69 3* 534 18  68 57 488 18  68 13 579 12 

69 3* 53*5  68 56 492 19 - 68 12 579 18 

69 30 537 3  68 55 496 19  68 11 580 4 

69 29 538 6  68 54 501 68 10 c8o 10 

69 28 539 4  68 53 505  689580 16 

69 27 540 1  68 52 508 5  68 8 581 2 

69 26 540 x9 " 68 5' 1 5M 10  68 7 571 12 

69 25 54* 16  68 50 1 J'4 16  68 6 568 12 

__________SII

ojsssassj^,

M w 4>. v*

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages Of the Younger Lives.

vo oo oo oo-J -> $2

0 04 0 ON 00

[Table garbage removed.]

OS

OS'-ui snv- M -OS ON C

Ages of the Elder Live*.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

IS

f'2.

Apes of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives,

[Table junk removed.]

Age* of the Elder Lives

Ages of the Younger Lives

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger l.ives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

TABLE II.  continued.

[Table junk removed.]

Age* of the Elder Live*.

Ages of the Younger lives.

ir

i'l

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives. 1 4aAt rtf* sUa.

X n H ON^I oovo O  I *5C3 ine Younger Lives

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Eld or Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

a c

Ages of the Elder Lives.

[Misread table garbage removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

[Table junk removed.]

TABLE II  -continued.

[Table junk removed.]

Elder Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

TABLE II.  continued

[Table junk removed.]

Age* of the Elder Lives.

M NU4^I ON^ 00

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Aees of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Youneer Lives,

[Table junk removed.]

1 Ages of the

2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 CMCMCMCMCmCMCmCmCMCMCMCMCM 4 4 Elder Lives

H N M M M M M M Ages of the

00 vo O m 4 cm Ca Ov^-J 00vo 0 M K> CM 4 Cn CvO 00 VO O H MW M K> Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

Millie

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

[Table junk removed.]

A.D. 18r4'

54 GEO. III.

C$2.

4*3

TABLE III.

THE Valim of an Annuity of f ioo.Annum, payable Yearly for any Number of Yean not exceeding Ninety.

Years. Values.

[Table junk removed.]

Values.

2  2 

619-----

>621 14  624 4 , 626 12 , 628 l8 

631-----

633-----

634 18 , 636 14 , 638 8 

640-----

641 10  >642 18 , 644 6 , 645 10  >646 14  .647 18 , 648 18 , 649 18 , 650 18 , 651 16 , 652 12  .653 8 , 654 2 , 654 16 

fiSS 10 

656 2 , 656 14 , 657 6 

657 16 

4*4

C. 9*, 93-

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

RULES for inferring

The Value of an Annuity of jCioo. per Annum, held on the longest of Two Lives

Alfoy The Value of an Annuity of ^ico. per Annum, held on \ the joint Continuance of Three Lives

Also, The Value of an Annuity of \oo. per Annum, held on the longest of Three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of jCioo*per Annum, payable Yearly, and held on the longest of Two Lives. THE Values of an Annuity of jioo. per Annum, held oa each of the single Lives, to be added together ( from Table I.,) and from this Sum the Value of an Annuity, held on the joint Continuance of the Two Lives ( from Table II.,) to be fubtradled; the Result is the Value of an Annuity of ioo. per Annum, held on the longest of the Two Lives. '

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of \oo* per Annum, payable Yearly, and held on the joint Continuance of Three Lives.

THE Value of an Annuity* of jioo. per Annum, on the joint Continuance of Two elder Lives, is to be found ( from Table II.)

The Age of a single Life of the same (or nearest) Value with the Annuity on the said joint Lives, to be found from Table I. The Value of an Annuity of \oo. per Annum, on the joint Continuance of this Life and the younger Life, from Table 11. Five Pounds being deduced from the said Sum, is the Value of an Annuity of iqq. per Annum held on the joint Continuance of the Three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of \oo. per Annum payable Yearly, and held on the longest of Three Lives. THE Values of an Annuity of \oo. per Annum for each of the Three single Lives to be extracted from Table I. and to be added together. The Value of an Annuity of \oo, per Annum, on the joint Continuance of the Two youngest Lives, also the Value of an Anuuity of ^ioo. per Annum on the joint Continuance of the Two eldest Lives, also the Value of an Annuity of \oo* per Annum on the joint Continuance of the oldest Life and the youngest Life (all found by Table II.); to be subtracted from the Sum or Addition of the Annuities on the Three single Lives: To the Result is to be added the Value of an Annuity of ioo. per Annum, held on the joint Continuance of the Three Lives; the Amount is the Value of an Annuity of ioo. per Annum on the longest of the Three Lives.

Cap. xciii.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital.

[18th July 1814.]

45C. 3. c7*.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the

in part, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

couragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effcBuauy Manning

Au

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93. 4*5

His Majesty's Navy during the present War: And Whereas another

Act passed in the Forty eightn Year of His Majesty's Reign, in- 48 G. 3. C. 13a.

1 tituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty

1 fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen ' and better Manning His Majesty's Navy, in casts arising in confe- queues of Hostilities commencedfinee the passing of the said Act: And

Whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His 49 G. 3.C. n3

M*j fty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in P811'

in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Roycd Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the fajfing of the said Act: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend 53 G. 3. c.

' Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Years of His present >n Part

Majesty to American Prizes: And Whereas it is expedient that sundry of the Clauses and Provisions in the said Acts contained relating to Prize Agents and to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, should be altered and amended,

and that further Provisions should be made respecting the same

Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and so many of the Clauses and Provisions in the said Acts contained as relate to Prize Agents and to the said Royal Hospital, and are by this Act alteredy shall be and the same are hereby repealed. repealed

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons belonging persons running to any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant away not en-Ship employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall run away, or with- titled to Prize; draw himself or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any ^'^l^esand Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of His Majesty's Enemies, ^ai^eed in^or shall otherwise desert or withdraw himself or themselves from His Years, to go to Majesty's Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Greenwich Persons or Agents appointed as herein after directed, of the Day Hospital. appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, or who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as having run therefrom, shall have, or be entitled to have or claim, any Interest in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money herein after mentioned, or any Part thereof that shall then remain unpaid; but such Shares, and also the Shares of all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, as well on board hired armed Ships as on board His Majesty's Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the lame have been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital by virtue of any Law then in Force, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of the said Royal Hospital, unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked Run, " such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's

426

C. 93.

S4 GEO. III.

A.D. 18i*

Agents secured against Claims of Run Men, fcc.

t Sit.

[Proviso.]

On reasonable Majesty's Navy s Provided nevertheless, with respect to the Shares of Cause shewn, such Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, hereinbefore mentioned, unclaimed Shares which shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, not forfeited. that if reasonable Cause shall be shewn and allowed by the Dhreftors of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, or Five or more of than, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such lad mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time the said Shares shall not be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded or arrested by any Person or Persons who shall be marked " Rus, " from His Majesty's Service in the Lift to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others who shall be actually on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War at the taking of any Pnze or Prizes, or who shall have subsequently deserted from His Majesty's Service, unless the Person so marked Run, " or who shall have subsequently deserted, shall before any Action brought obtain a Certificate of his R. being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his Share of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being discharged by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any other f or more of them, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the produdig of such Certificate, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money in case the same shall be due and payable according to the Directions in His Majesty's Proclamation, within Three Months after any such Demand made and such Certificate produced: Provided always, that if the Share of any Prize or Bounty Money of any Person who shall have been marked " Run, " upon the Books of, or shall have deserted from any Ship or Ships in His Majesty's Service, and who shall afterwards obtain a Certificate of the R. being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Share or Shares being discharged as aforesaid, shall at the time when such Certificate shall be produced to the Agent or Agents as aforesaid, have been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, such Payment shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Agent paying the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Agent shall be com-Distribution not pellable to distribute any Proceeds of any Prize, except in the compellable. in this Act directed, until after the time of Appeal has elapsed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the Vice Admiralty Court, in which any Prize shall have been condemned, shall certify that the Ship or Vessel so condemned failed under the Flag and Pass of the Enemy, or under any Commission of War granted by the Enemy, then ssd in such case, on the Application or by the Direction of the Captain or other Commander of the Ship or Vessel making such Capture, the Proceeds shall be distributed and an Order of the Court may be obtained, at his Prayer, on the Agent or Agents, to distribtite die Proceeds of such Prize before the time of Appeal is elapsed, subject nevertheless to the Liability of the Captor to answer any Appeal that may be instituted thereafter during the time limited by Law for Appeals.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases, either in the present War or in any former War, in which the regular tine of

Appeal

In what case

In what case Distribution before time of Appeal is elapsed.

High Court of Admiralty may order Production

4*7

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

C93.

Appeal hat elapsed, or in which the Appeal hath been determined, of Account* and or for any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty abroad, in any Distribution such case as aforesaid, to which any Certificate from the Judere of the "hen V of High Court of Admiralty shall be transmitted at the time being elapsed, without further Prosecution, together with r.....j.

of Distribution thereon, to make an Order for Production and r Verification of Accounts, and for the Distribution of the Proceeds, and to enforce the same by the Process of the said Court, by Monition and Attachment upon the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the Proceeds may be lodged, or any other Person whorasoever to whom such Proceeds may have been committed, and likewise by further Process against the Sureties of the said Agent or Agents 5 and all Courts of Vice Admiralty are hereby empowered, directed Order enforced and required, to enforce upon all Persons within their Jurisdiction all v Admu such Orders, and all other Orders of the High Court of Admiralty, r* ^ourts* whether relating to Prizes, or to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, within their respective Jurisdiction s.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations as Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties, respecting the Distribution of to Distribution Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds Accounts of of Prize in this Act contained, shall be extended to all Seizures under^RevVnuo^ the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, all Bounties granted Seizures, &c. by Act of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever, coming to

and being in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty, s Ships of War, for their Use and Benefit, by reason of any Capture, Recapture or Seizure made by the said Ships.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That m all cases of Condem- High Court of nation in the High Court of Admiralty, where there is no Claimant Admiralty may or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, Proceeds at the Prayer of the Captors, to compel the Agents by Process of Monition and Attachment, to vefl the Proceeds of the Property i, vested. condemned in such Public Securities as the Captors shall elect, there

to remain and accumulate, for the Benefit of the Parties entitled, till the time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the further Directions of the Court, upon the Application of the Captors; and Court of Vice in all cases of Condemnation in any Court of Vice Admiralty, where AdiMnjItv u"y there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be ciedswbeunlawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to direct the smitted, &c Property captured, or the Proceeds thereof to be forthwith transmitted to Great Britain, there to be veiled in such Public Securities, after being fold (if not already converted by Sale), as the Captors shall elect, until the regular time of Appeal shall have lapsed, subject nevertheless to the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, upon the Application of the Captors.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the On Appeal, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases wherein any

HiSh Court oT

Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed ^PrLTedt from at the time of serving the Inhibition thereon, or at any time to be brought in, thereafter during the Pendancy of the said Appeal, and without &c.

Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may be, at the Prayer of either Party, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or of the Trafinrerof Grttmvich Hospital, er his Deputy or Deputies for

Proceeds in-vtsted, 5cc.

Lords of Appeal may order Proceeds to he brought in, &c.

High Court of Admiralty may compel Production ot Account, and bringing in of Proceeds.

Retaining Proceeds conn ary to Act

[Penalty.]

Directions as to appointing Prize Agents.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

such Purpose, to bring into and leave in the Registrythe Nett Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deducing therefrom so much as in the Discretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents, for the Expences of defending the said Appeal; and the Proceeds so brought in shall be deposited, in case the Parties shall agree thereto, in some Public Securities at interest in the Names of the Registrar or Deputy Registrars, and of such Trustees as the Parties shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and in case either Party shall refuse his Consent thereto, the Party praying the same shall have such Proceeds laid out and invested in Public Securities in manner aforesaid, he giving good and sufficient Security to the Court to answer to the other Party for any Loss or Deficiency that may be occasioned thereby, in case such other Party shall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the Property.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Lords Commissioners of Appeals are authorized and empowered in any case of Appeal before them, to order at their Discretion the Proceeds of any Prize, the Subject of such Appeal, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be paid by the Agent or Agents for such Prize, at the Requisition of the Captors or Claimants, into the Court, to be laid out or disposed of at the Discretion of the Court on any Application made for that Purpose, either by the Captors or Claimants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Application of any Party interested in the Proceeds of any Prize, or of any Person on behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy or Greenwich Hospital, and an Affidavit of any such Party, or any other Person, of his or her Belief that there are Proceeds of any Prize, or Papers, or Books relating thereto, in the Possession of any Agent or Person or Persons, whether the said Prize or Prizes shall have been taken in the present or in any preceding War, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty to compel the Production of the same, and the bringing in of such Proceeds, and the answering to such Interrogatories touching the same, as the Court shall approve; and if it shall appear that the Party hath been cited without sufficient Cause, he shall be allowed his Colls against the Party making such Affidavit, or at whose Instance he hath been unduly summoned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Captor, Agent or other Person, who shall acquire or retain the Proceeds of any Prize contrary to the Provisions of this Act, except for reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Court in which such Prize shall be adjudged, or by the High Court of Admiralty, shall pay interest thereon at the Rate of One Pound per Centum per Month for such time as the same shall so be in their Custody or Possession, besides all other Penalties imposed by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall be taken by any Ship or Ships of War, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships* Companies or Company, and others entitled thereto; that is to say, that if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships which shall take any such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority, if more than One, shall appoint One or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain and Commander

entitled

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

429

entitled thereto, or the Majority of them, if more than One, may appoint the like Number to act for them; and all the Officers and others described in His Majesty's said Proclamations, and usually designated the Commissioned and Warrant Officers, may appoint a like Number to act for them 5 and all the Remainder of the Crew, usually designated the Petty Officers, and the Seamen or Marines, may appoint a like Number.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Agents to re-Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents g*lter lowers of as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Snips, ltorney'

Vessel or Vessels of War, or for receiving the Bounty granted by

this Act, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective Courts of Vice Admiralty in any of His Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be proceeded against, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall, without sufficient Cause to be approved by the Court, omit or delay so to do for the Space of Twenty Days after the Monition has been taken out in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, every Person so omitting or delaying shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be disqualified Penalty, for acting as Agent for any such Prize or Prizes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent or Agents Agents appoint-

shall be appointed after the time when any Sentence of Condemnation ed after Con-in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent re"

or Agents shall, under the Penalties aforesaid, register or cause to be 8 80118 ower* registered in manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Persons not except the Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed Agents who Agent or Agents, and who shall actually discharge the Duties of 5J*11 ftiare "* Agent, shall, under any Colour or Pretence, receive any Part, Share or Proportion, of any Commission in respect of such Agency Business, an(j Agents per-or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit, out of any such Committing lame, mission; and all and every Person or Persons so nominated and appointed Agents or Agent, who shall give to, or allow to be taken by any other Person or Persons; and every Person who shall take, accept or receive, either himself, or by any other Person on his behalf, or for his Use, Benefit or Advantage, or the Use, Benefit or Advantage, of any Part of his Family, any Part, Share or Proportion of any such Commission, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit thereout,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds, and also double the Amount or Value of what shall have been so given, or allowed to be taken, or shall have been so taken and received as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Re- Registrars of giilrars of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all Courts of Ad-other Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's "Ja, t]llore* Dominions, shall from time to time duly enter or register, of cause fittersotAt-

to torney,

and trinsmit Copies of Entries to Greenwich HospitaL

Penalty. Agents to give Security.

[Penalty.]

Registrars of Courts of Vice Admiralty to transmit Copies of Letters of Attorney and Bonds to Greenwich HofptuL

C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

to be entered or registered, in One or more Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the passing of this Act, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within Fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Registrar or Registrars, at his or their respective Offices, which Reoiftij shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entij, the Dates of die Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places ot Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ship of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall haTe been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Condemnation shall have passed thereon), and of the Appeal (if any, interposed), and the Registrar or Registrars shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Dav of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December, in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days respectively, so fur as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty, as soon after each such Quarter Days as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain* deliver or transmit unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the time being, a true Copy or Transcript, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid within the preceding Quarter of a Year and if such Registrar or Registrars shall neglect or refuse to make or keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective times hereinbefore limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That every Agent, when he shall register the first Letter or Letters of Attorney, which, in pursuance of this Act, he shall register after the passing thereof, shall at the same time give Security with Two Sureties, by a joint and several Bond, in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to the Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in which such Letter or Letters shall be registered, for the due Execution of his Trust in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care during the prefert War; and if he shall neglect or refuse so to do, such Letter or Letters of Attorney shall be null and void, and he shall be for ever disabled from aAing as an Agent in Matters of Prize.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Registrars of all and every the Court and Courts of Vice Admiralty in any of His Majesty*9 Dominions shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of Marth, the Twenty fifth Day of Jnne* the Thirtieth Day of September sad the Twenty sixth Day of December, in every Year, make out and transcribe, and as soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall have been so registered in the said Court or Courts in the Three preceding Months*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

and of all and every Bonds or Bond given to such Court on re* giftering any such Letters of Attorney pursuant to the next preceding Clause of this Act, Copies of which shall not already have been transmitted, to which Copies the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall previously affix his and their Seal of Office; and the said Copies when received by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, shall be there registered and open to Inspection, by any Person, gratis, the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the time of making such Registry as aforesaid; and in case such Registrar or Registrars shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and tranhnit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in manner aforesaid, such Registrar and Registrars so egle&ng or refuting shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX. And, for the better and more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, be it further enacted, That true Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts under Seal, transmitted by the said Registrar or Registrars of the Court and Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Do-unaions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and faffibent Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made, and from time to time, sad at all times hereafter, shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Capture there shall be Cent by the Captain or Commander of the capturing Ship, or Cone Person under his Authority, to the Agent or Agents for such Capture, a List of the Persons entitled to share therein, which Prize Lat shall be subscribed by the Captain or Commander, Lieutenants, and all the signing Officers on board the Ship at the time of the Capture, and at the time when the said Lift shall be made out and transmitted, and shall contain the Names, Ages and Descriptions of the Persons entitled to share therein, the Names being arranged in the same Order in which they ft and in the Muster Books, which said Names and Descriptions mall be taken from the Description Book belonging to the said Ship, and an Alphabetical Lift or Index of the Names of all such Persons shall be prefixed to such Prize Lift, and the same shall be examined with and corrected by the Muster Books of such Ships by which such Captures shall be made, deposited in the Navy Office, and shall be certified by Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and in case no such Prize Lift as aforesaid shall be sent to loch Agent or Agents, he or they shall apply to the Commissioners of the Navy for a List of the Persons entitled to share in Inch Capture, and such last mentioned Lift shall thereupon be made oat from the Returns in the Office of the said Commissioners of the Navy, who shall cause the same to be made ont, and certify the Truth thereof under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Two or more of them; and any Person or Persons who shall alter the Name or rating of any Person or Persons in any List which shall have been so

certified

Registrars refuting.

[Penalty.]

Copies of Letters of Attorney so transmitted and registered, Evidence of Agency.

Directions as to Prize Lifts to be sent to Agents.

Altering Lift*.

4*

[Penalty.]

Errors in Prize Lifts corrected.

Omissions on

Distribution

Lift.

Yroviso for Agreements made with Persons not entitled.

Provisofor Officers, &c. omitted in Distribution Lift.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

certified 'as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name therefrom, or add any Name thereto, after the same shall have been so certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, or any Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case it shall appear at or before Distribution, that any Error has been committed in the Prize Lift, or in the Muster Books transmitted to the Navy Office, nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Correction of such Error 5 nor in case of the Omission of any Name on the Distribution Lift, such Omission having been made through Error, to charge the Agent further than with the Payment of the Sum due, together with all Expences of the Party in recovering the same: Provided also, that if any Agreement shall have been made with any Person or Persons not entitled under His Majesty's Proclamation, or the Prize Ad, to share in any Capture, the Agent, or Hospital, making Distribution according to such Agreement, admitted and acknowledged by the Persons entitled under the said Proclamation or Act of Parliament, shall not be liable to any Penalty on that account: Provided also, that in all cases wherein any Officer, Petty Officer, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person or Persons actually entitled to share in any Capture, shall, after Distribution has been made, be proved, by a Comparison with the Muster Books, or Returns in the Navy Office, or other wise to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Navy, or any Three of them, to have been actually so entitled, but omitted in the Distribution Lift, or included in a Class inferior in Rank to that in which he hjid really Served by Accident or Default, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to certify such Omission or Error to the Board of Directors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, who shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Share to which such Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person or Persons, if inserted in the Distribution Lift in his proper Class, would have been entitled, to be paid out of the nonclaimed or Run Men's Shares of the same Prize, or out of the general Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy, shall thereupon be entitled to maintain and prosecute in the Name of such Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person or Persons, at the Charge and to the Use of the said Hospital, any Action or Suit against the Agent or Agents for the Recovery of the Amount of the Money so paid, that the said Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine or other Person, might himself have maintained if he had not received a Satisfaction for the same from the said Hospital; but if such Agent or Agents shall be made liable to any such Demands in consequence of an Omission or Mistake in any Prize Lift certified to him or them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or them to stop and retain the Amount of the Share for which he shall be so liable, out of any Prize or Bounty Money in his or their Hands, payable to the Captain or Commander by whom such Prize Lift was signed and certified as aforesaid, or his Executors or Administrators, or to have a remedy over by Action against him

or

433

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

or them, or any of them, for any Charge or Damage thereby sustained.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Clerks of Navy such O millions, Mifratings, improper Descriptions or Errors, shall office responii-happen in Lifts which shall have been made out or certified at the for Error, Navy Office, the Clerk who shall have made out the said Prize Lifts,

or compared the same with the Muster Books of the capturing Ship, shall be liable to make good to the Party injured by such Omission,

Mifrating, improper Description or Error, the Loss he shall have sustained thereby, in like manner as the Captain or Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships is liable in cases which may happen when Prize Lifts are made out by him, or any Person or Persons under his Authority, unless the Commissioners of the Navy shall be satisfied that the Party is entitled to Relief, and shall certify the same to the Directors of Greenwich Hospital: in which case the Treasurer of the said Hospital shall pay or cause to be paid to the Person or Persons omitted, mifrated or improperly described, or to his or their Representatives, the Sum which, after due Investigation, he or they shall appear to be entitled to, which Payment shall be made out of the unclaimed or Run Men's Shares of the same Prizes, or out of the general Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Condem- On Condemna-nation in any Vice Admiralty Court, where there is no Claimant or ^n.s whout Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the Judge to 'comef1 compel the Agent, at the Requisition of the Captor, to give Security Agenis'to'giva at the time of Condemnation for the faithful Distribution of the Security. Proceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or to such Persons in England as the Captors shall appoint,

under the Directions of the Court, for the Purpose of being distributed in England.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Agent resident Agents to trans-in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condem- Notice of nation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, &c. to Green*and to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, together wich Hospital, with an Account of the State of the Property condemned at the time &c<

of such Transmission, according to the Schedule marked (A.) in the Appendix to this Act, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cause be ftiewn Penalty, to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, Agents to ex-after the Sale of any Prize is completed, and before the time of the Cop, e* of First Payment of the Prize Money to be distributed (or at anytime thereafter, at the Direction of the Court), exhibit in the respective

Court of Vice Admiralty in which the Prize shall have been condemned, or in the High Court of Admiralty; and if such Prize

shall have been condemned in any Court of Vice Admiralty abroad, shall, as soon as the same can be done, transmit to the High Court of Admiralty in England an Attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize, duly verified upon Oath, together with Attested Copies of all Vouchers required by the Court, which Copies, so transmitted to the said High Court of Admiralty, shall be deposited in the Public Registry thereof 5 and all Parties interested therein shall Objeaions 54 Gxo III. F f have thereto heard,

fcc.

434

Oath.

Tensity.

Bond forfeited, &c.

Agents to transmit Copies of Accounts of Sales, be. to Greenwich Hospital.

[Penalty.]

Agents to advertize when Accounts of Sales brought iu.

Per Contnee for Agency on Nett Proceeds.

Notification made by Agents of Payment of Prize Money, See.

C. 93* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

have Liberty to object to the Charges and Articles therein contained, and the said Court shall confirm or disallow the Accounts, upon hearing the Objections, and shall make such further Order touching the said Accounts, and the Diitribution of the Proceeds, a3 the case may require; and any Agent who shall neglect or refuse to bring in a Copy of his Accounts at the time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhibited and transmitted a Copy of the said Accounts, duly verified on Oath in manner aforesaid, or who shall refuse or neglect to obey any Order of any Court of Admiralty, for the Diflnbution of the Proceeds of any such Prize or Prizes, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall moreover be subject to the Process of the Court of Admiralty, by Monition and Attachment, until he shall have obeyed the Order of the said Court: and it shall be lawful for the said Court to pronounce the Bond given with the Letter or Letters of Agency to be forfeited, and to levy the Penalties secured thereby from the Sureties in the said Bond.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent, at the same time that lie shall exhibit or transmit an Attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sale of any Prize or Prizes, together with Attested Copies of all Vouchers, to the Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty respectively, as directed by this Act, shall and he is hereby directed and required to transmit another Attested Copy of the said detailed Accounts and Vouchers to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit such last mentioned Attested Copies of Accounts and Vouchers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Agent shall, Ten Days before he exhibits his Account of Sales in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty, cause Advertisements to be Twice inserted in the London Gazette, notifying to all Persons concerned the Day on which the Account of Sales of such Prize or Prizes will be brought into the Registry of the said Court.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Per Centage for Agency, which in no case shall exceed Five Pounds per Centum, shall be charged upon the Nett Proceeds of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Bills or Salvage; such Nett Proceeds to be estimated previous to any Deduction for or in respect of Law Charges.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of His Majesty's Skips of War or hired armed Ships, in this or any former War, or after the Receipt of any Bounty, or other Monies in the Nature thereof, payable to His Majesty's Navy, by the Agent or Person authorized to receive the lame, public Notification, in manner herein after mentioned, shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors; that is to say, if the Prize or Prises shall have been or shall be condemned in His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty of Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act for the Ap praisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, r cause Co be inserted and published such Notification under his

435

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

or their Hand or Hands respectively, together with a Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share m each Class, in the London Gazette; and if in any Court of Vice Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newspaper of Public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette, or such other Newspaper published there, then in some one of the most Public Newspapers of such Island or Place; and if no Newspapers are there published, then by affixing Notice to the Church, or some other Public Building, directed by the Governor of such Island or Place; and all Per suns or Agents publishing, or causing to be published every such Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or Searcher for the time being of His Majesty's Custom9, residing at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Six of those Gazettes or other Newspapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted and published, together with Six Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share in each Class 5 and if there should not be any Public Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give Six such Notifications in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, together with Six such Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher aforesaid; and every such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications respectively, and shall forthwith deliver One of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications of Distributions, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, resident at the Place where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be established, or to which its Jurisdiction shall extend, and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the tune being. One of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and another to the Treasurer of the Navy, or His Majesty's Pay-master of the Navy in London; and shall, by the Second Ship or Vessel which shall fail from the said Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain, transmit in like manner to each of the before mentioned Officers one other of the said Gazettes, Newspapers or other Notifications, together with one other Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share, marked by him, a Duplicate of the former, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said Six Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications, and the other Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or tbflir Custody; and at all Ports or Places where Vice Admiralty

43<5

C. 93.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

ralty Courts with Jurisdiction in Prize Causes are or shall be con-(lituted, at which there shall be no Coile&or, Comptroller or Searcher, or other Officer of the Customs, the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or other Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, shall be delivered to and transmitted, and kept respectively in like manner by the Registrar or Deputy Regillrar of such Vice Admiralty Court, and at all other Places where Prize or Bounty Money shall be distributed or payable; where there shall be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newspapers or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, shall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place or his Deputy, for the Purpose of being transmitted and kept as aforesaid; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify the Name or Names of the Prize or Prizes about to be distributed, and of the Ship or Ships by which the same shall have been captured, and also the precise Day of the Month and Year on which such Capture or Captures shall have been made, and also his or their Place or Places of Abode, Christian and Surname or Christian and Surnames at full Length, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, or of which being condemned abroad the Distribution shall be made in Great Britain, shall be published in the London Gazette Three Days at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any such Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, where the Distribution shall also be made in such other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Registrar or Deputy Registrar, or principal Civil Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, One Day at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto, after which several and respective Notifications, if any Man's Share shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from His Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded and paid within Three Months next after such Notification, then such Share or Shares so remaining in such Person's or Agent's Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from His Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital. Agents to keep

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, Office open Two for Three Months after the Distribution has commenced of the Pro-Days m a Week cee(j8 Of aily prize condemned in England, or of which having been con-Shares ment  demncd abroad, the Distribution shall have commenced in England, or arcs' Bounty hereby granted, or Money in the Nature of Bounty, keep

an Office open Two Days at lean in every Week, during the ufuad.Hours of Attendance, for the Payment of Shares remaining due, which Days, together with the Place where such Payments are to be made, shall be specified in the Notification of Payments published in the Gazette, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglea therein Site hundred Pounds 5

In what case Shares uf Prize Money to go to Greenwich Hospital.

[Penalty.]

437

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

Pounds; and at the Condufion of such Three Months he shall suspend all further Payments to the Captors.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Agent Negleaing appointed or to be appointed for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize Notificarion and or Prizes taken or to be taken from the Enemy by any of His trani'mitting Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels, or for the ame, Distribution of any Bounty Money, shall neglect or refuse to publish,

give or deliver any Notification herein directed or required to be pub-Eihed, given or delivered, or shall not give, publish or deliver, any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money, or other Money in the nature of Bounty Money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or set forth in such Notification the Matters and Things herein directed to be specified and set forth, every such Person or Agent shall for such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court in which the Penalty.

same shall be sued for; and if any Collector, Comptroller or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court, or principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attell, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspaper or written Notification or Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share as aforesaid, in such manner as is by this Act directed, every such Collector,

Comptroller or Searcher, Registrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Five hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Notifications in all Notifications in such Gazettes, Newspapers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, ^anrmitted and which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Comp- registered, Evi-troller or Searcher, Registrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, or deuce of principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as Agency, aforesaid, and reeiftered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, Registrar,

principal Civil Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from time to time, and at all times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity and Admiralty, that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents of the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the End of Four Agents after Months after the Notifications of Distribution so given as by this Act Four Months to directed*.every Prize Agent and Person authorized to receive any Ounces to Bounty Money or other Monies in the nature thereof, to which His Greenwich Majesty's Navy are or shall be entitled, shall pay over all Shares and Hospiul with Balances then remaining unpaid, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hof- Accounts, &c. pital, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint and depute to receive the same; and shall likewise make out and transmit to the said

Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, a true Statement and Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Produce of all such Prize or Prizes, Bounty, or other Monies, as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, which shall have then been really and truly by him paid, and shall verify such Statement and Account on Oath, which

Oath

438 C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Substituted Agents accountable to Greenwich Hospital.

Agents to transmit Accounts to Treasurer of Navy.

Oath the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer; and such Agent, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall, at the same time, deliver to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, an authentic Copy of the Distribution Lift, on which the Payments have been made, and also the original Prize Lift delivered by the Commander of the capturing Ship, or the Commissioners of the Navy, as the case may have been, to the Prize Agent, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and every Prize Agent and Person authorized to receive Bounty and other Monies, as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect, as herein directed, to pay such Shares and Balances within Thirty Days after the Expiration of such Four Months, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and every Prize Agent or Person authorized to receive such Bounty or other Monies as aforesaid, who shall have neglected or refused to transmit and verify, within such Four Months, an Account as above directed of the Proceeds of such Prize, Bounty or other Monies, as aforesaid, and of the Dif fribution thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Agent or Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes for the Sale and Distribution thereof, shall, after the Proceeds of such Prize or Prizes, or any Part thereof, or any such Bounty Money as aforesaid, shall have been received, appoint or substitute any other Agent or Agents or Person or Persons to distribute and pay over to any of the Captors their Shares for or on account of such Prize or Prizes, and shall remit to such substituted Agent or Agents or Person or Persons any Sum or Sums of Money for Distribution as aforesaid, such substituted Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, as also the original Agent or Agents, shall, from the time of such Sum or Sums of Money being received by them respectively, be and they are hereby declared to be answerable and accountable to the said Royal Hospital for all and every Part and Parts, Share and Shares of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be unclaimed or forfeited by any of the Captors entitled to the same, and such substituted Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, shall not repay or refund the unclaimed or forfeited

Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money, or any Part thereof, to the original Agent or Agents, who shall have remitted such Money for Distribution as aforesaid, but shall, after the time for Distribution of such Prize Money shall have ceased, and in the time in which Prize Agents are directed by this Act to pay over Shares or Balances remaining in their Hands, pay or cause to be paid all unclaimed and forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money unto the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, in the same manner and under the same Restrictions and subject to the same Penalties for Noncompliance as is directed respecting the original Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent, or Person authorized and empowered to receive and distribute any Bounty Monies, or other Monies, as aforesaid, shall, within Ten Days after he shall have rendered to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, and verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Distribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty or other Monies as aforesaid, deliver or transmit to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy a Copy of such Statement and Account under the

439

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93.

like Penalty for Neglect as is by this Act imposed upon him for neglecting to render such Statement and Account to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after the Balances shall have been so paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, the said Treasurer, or his Deputy or Deputies, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, shall respectively keep an Office open from Nine of the Clock in the Morning to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) for the Purpose of receiving Claims for Shares to be refunded according to the Provisions of thi6 Ad 5 and shall jointly pay and refund such Shares, when demanded, according to the Regulations herein after contained.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Flag Officer, or Commissioned or Warrant Officer, shall direct by tny Order in Writing that his distributive Share or Balance shall not be paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, the same shall for the Space of Three Years remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Orders as such Officer may give respecting the same: Provided nevertheless, that if at the End of Three Years such Share or Balance shall not have been paid over to the Officer entitled to the same, the Agent shall pay the Share or Balance remaining in his Hands to the Treasurer of Green-nch Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction shall be allowed on any Account in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift of Distribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Parties entitled thereto, or their lawful Attornies, are produced for the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Agent, acting as such for any Prize in any of His Majesty's Settlements, Colonies or Plantations abroad, or in any Place out of the United Kingdom, shall make up his Accounts, and deliver up and verify the same in the Vice Admiralty Court in which such Prize shall have been condemned, in such manner as the said Court shall require, within Six Months after the Commencement of the Distribution of the Proceeds of such Prize, and shall, under the Direction of the Court, on the Application of the Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital there resident, and in such manner as shall be specified in any Order made for that Purpose, remit all unclaimed Balances and Shares, and all Shares of Run Men, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital in England, or pay the same over to the Deputy Treasurer for the Purpose of being remitted, at the Election of the Deputy, so as that the some, as to every Place except the East Indies, may be paid to the said Treasurer within Six Months, and as to any Place in the East Indus, within Twelve Months next after exhibiting his Accounts in such Court, in such manner as the said Court shall require, as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting his Bond of Five thousand Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Lifts of all Prizes accounted for to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, condemned in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty, shall be innlmitted Six times in every Year from the Office of the Clerk

Ff*of

[Penalty.]

Treasurer, &c. of Greenwich Hospital to keep Office open to receive Claims for Shares.

Officers may cliredt Shares to remain with Agents for Three Years.

No DeJuction allowed on forfeited Shares without Vouchers.

Periods for remit! ing unclaim ed Shares from Foreign Parts.

[Penalty.]

LKts of Prises accounted for to Greenwich Hospital sent to Persons appointed to

44

receive Claims,

and open to Inflection.

If Capturing

Ship abl'ent, Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital may inveit Money.

Proviso for Persons entitled, changing Ship, be.

Notice put on Orders for receiving Prize Money.

Misdemeanor.

Altering Orders for receiving Prize Money.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

of the Cheque at Greenwich Hospital, to the several Persons appointed by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, to receive Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty Monies, which Lifts so transmitted, shall be open to Inspection by any Person or Persons who shall desire to inspect the same, on every Day (Sunday excepted), between the hours of Ten and Four, for which Inspection no Fee or Gratuity whatever shall be due or payable.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, having made any Capture or Captures, shall not be in a Port of this Kingdom, or in the British or Irish or North Seas at the regular time of Distribution, so as to enable the Officers and Men thereof to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, to cause the Proceeds of such Capture or Captures to be paid to him or them, within One Month after the regular Period of Distribution, and when so paid to be forthwith lodged in the Bank, or in veiled in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities, in the Names of the said Treasurer, the Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, till the Return of the Ship or Ships, by which the Capture or Captures shall have been made, for the Benefit of the Captors 5 and on the Return of any such Ship or Ships* to cause such Proceeds, with all Accumulations thereon, under the Authority of the Directors of the said Royal Hospital, to be distributed within Three Months thereafter: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons entitled to {hare in such Prize and Bounty Monies, or other Money, as aforesaid, by reason of any Change of Ship or other Cause, shall apply for such his or their Share or Shares of any such Prize dr Bounty Money or other Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer, Secretary and Clerk of the Cheque, to fell out a Efficient Part of any such Securities, and pay to such Person or Persons the Monies he or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, or to pay the same out of any other Monies in the Hands of the said Treasurer on Account of Prizes or otherwise, and to retain for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital such Proportion as shall have been so paid, together with all Interest thereon, when such Securities shall afterwards be sold for Distribution.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order for receiving the Prize or Bounty Money of a Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the following Words shall be printed or written, before the same shall be attested; videlicet,

TAKE Notice, that no Prize or Bounty Money can be received

under this Order, except by an Agent duly licensed, in conformity to the Act of Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, or by the Wife, One of the Parents, Children,

Brothers or Sifters of the Grantors, and that every Offence against the said Provision of the above recited Act, is punishable as a Misdemeanor.9

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall insert or cause to be inserted in any Order or Authority for receiving Prize or Bounty Money, after Attestation thereof as hereinbefore directed, the Name or Description of any Prize or Bounty Money, other than what shall have been originally expressed in the said Order or Authority when the same ffiallnave been attested, the said Person Audi, for

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93. 441

every such Offence, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be Misdemeanor. punished accordingly.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Remedies Remedies and given by this Act to, or that may by Law be used or enforced, or Actions given to Actions that may be brought by any Captor or Captors to compel Agents to exhibit their Accounts, and verify the same, and bring in Greenwich Proceeds and enforce Distribution, or the Performance of any other Hospital, &c. Duty in his said Character as Agent, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, may and shall be used, exercised, enforced and put in Execution on behalf of the Captors, generally, or on behalf of any individual Captor, by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or by the Treasurer of the Navy, in as full and ample a manner as by the Captors themselves, or any individual Captor himself.

XLV. And Whereas Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, in His Majesty's Naval Service, have heretofore been, in many Instances, defrauded of their Prize and Bounty Monies, or large Proportions thereof, in consequence of their having improvidently,

and without sufficient Consideration for the same, executed Powers of Attorney, and other Instruments, by which they have transferred their Interest not only in all such Prize and Bounty Money, which at the time of executing such Powers of Attorney or Instruments might have been due to them, but also all Prize and Bounty Money to which they might thereafter become entitled; For Directions as to Remedy thereof, and for preventing a Continuance of such Frauds Power of Aland Irapositions, be it enacted, That all Share of Prize and Bounty to,; ney for re-Money due, or which shall become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, j^on!8' P&c*e Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, Marine or Soldier, or any Person rated as a Boy, or borne as a Supernumerary in His Majesty's Naval Service, shall be paid by the Agent or Agents to the Captors (if the Money shall be in his or their Possession), or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or his Chief Clerk (if the same shall have been paid over to the said Treasurer 1, to the Person entitled thereto, or to any other Person authorized to receive the same by any Order in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), which Order shall specify the Name of the Prize or Prizes distributed or for Distribution, or give such Description thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Person or Persons in whose Possession the said Prize or Bounty Money may happen to be, and who shall be called upon to pay the same; and if the Capture shall have been upon the Land, the Name of the Place captured, together with the Name of His Majesty's Ship or Vessel of War, on board of which the Person making the Order was serving at the time such Prize or Prizes, or Capture or Captures was or were made 5 and the Person making such Order shall also procure a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.), which Certificate shall contain a full Description of the Person making such Order, and shall be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer on board, and One other signing Officer of the Ship or Vessel in which the Person making fuca Order shall be then serving, if there shall be more than One such signing Officer on board or belonging to such Ship or Vessel; and if the Person making such Order shall be discharged from the Service, and shall be resident at any Port or Place at which a Deputy

to

442

A.D. 1814.

Orders revocable.

No Order valid if Party resident within Five Miles.

Tenal ty.

Stamp Duty on Orders.

Orders in what case void.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III.

to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall be appointed, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by such Deputy; and if the Person making such Order shall reside within Four Miles of the said Royal Hospital, then the said Certificate shall be signed by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief Clerk; and if at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, then the same shall be signed by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant 5 and if at any other Place in England, at which no Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall be appointed, and not being within the Bills of Mortality, or within Four Miles of the said Royal Hospital, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, and if in Scotland, by the Minister and One of the Elders of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall reiide at the time of making such Order; and if the Person making such Order shall be a Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, or a Marine at Head Quarters, then such Certificate specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer for the time being, and the Adjutant of the Division of Marines to which such Person so making such Order shall at the time belong 5 and if the Person making such Order shall be in either of the Royal Naval Hospitals, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Governor and Agent of the said Royal Naval Hospitals respectively; and if the Person making such Order shall be on Shore at Sick Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Surgeon at such Sick Quarters, and One of his Assistants, if he shall have an Assistant, which Certificate shall be written or printed on the same Paper on which such Order shall be written or printed, and which Order and Certificate being presented together and the said Order being paid, such Order and Certificate shall remain with the Agent or Agents to the Captors or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, paying the same: Provided always, That every such Order as above described, shall be revocable at Pleasure by the Person making the same: Provided also, That no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money, which shall be in Course of Payment or Distribution, if the Party making such Order shall be then residing or dwelling within the Distance of Five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, to any Person or Persons upon any Order made within that Distance of the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in Course of Distribution at the time of making such Order, such Payment shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and the Agent or Agents making the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, and applied in such manner respectively, as is herein after mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order made under the Authority of this Act, directing the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, and no more, shall be payable to His Majesty, and that no Order purporting to authorize

443

54 GEO. IK.

rize the Receipt of Shares due to more than One Person shall be deemed valid, but that the same shall be void and of no Effect.

XLVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether any Orders or Powers of Attorney heretofore made and executed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present 43 G*3* Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, for the better and more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy; and for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provisions for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Court in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama //lands; which Act was by the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty fifth 45G*3*c-7*

Year of His present Majesty, repealed or under the Authority or 5

in pursuance of other Acts of Parliament now repealed or altered, der former Act although made and executed while the said Acts respectively re- in what case mained in Force, are now valid; Be it therefore enacted, That void, all such Orders or Powers of Attorney, if made and executed prior to the passing of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hereinbefore recited, although made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time when the same were so made and executed, are and shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no Effect whatever, save and except Orders or Powers of Attorney made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time of their Execution, by Petty Officers and Seamen,

Non Commissioned Officers and Privates of Marines, to Persons Handing in the Relationship of either a Wife or Child, or Father or Mother, or Grandfather or Grandmother, or Brother or Sister, or Uncle or Aunt, or Niece or Nephew.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Treasurer of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, to Greenwich HoC-nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, to be his Deputy or apP0, nt, nS Deputies, for receiving Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty cetve Claim J&c. Monies, and for other the Purposes of this Act, at such Port or Places within the United Kingdom, as he shall from time to time think necessary, whose Duty it shall be to prepare such Petitions and Applications, and transmit the same, together with the Certificates, to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, in manner herein after mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Directions as to lawful for any Person or Persons claiming any Share or Shares, or g^'rs Balance or Balances, of any Prize or Bounty Monies paid into Green- Greenwich wich Hospital, to apply to any such Person so to be appointed by Hospital. the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital as aforesaid, and residing in any Part of the United Kingdom, and upon producing to him such Certificates of Service in His Majesty's Navy as such Claimant or Claimants may have in his, her or their Possession, to sign a Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, to the Directors of the said Hospital, to be prepared by such Person or Persons in manner aforesaid, praying that such Share or Shares, Balance or Balances, may be paid or refunded to such Claimant or Claimants 5 which Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, together with the said Certificates, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, who shall report thereon the Sum or Sums due to the Claimant or Claimants, with the circumstances under which the same or were paid into the Hospital j and, if he shall deem it necessary,

A.D. 1814.

Remittance Bill.

Directions as to Claims made where there is no Deputy of Treasurer.

Remittance Bill.

Directiens for facilitating Pay-

C. 93. 54 GEO. III.

refer the said Petition or Application, Petitions or Applications, to the Navy Office, that the Service of the Claimant or Claimants may be ascertained and returned to the said Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, who, if such Service shall be found to convspond with the Certificates produced and trans. mined, or Statement made by the Person or Persons claiming such Prize or Bounty Monies, shall certify the same to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, who shall thereupon fend a Remittance Bill or Remittance Bills for the Amount, in the Marnier and Form herein after mentioned, or shall pay or remit the same in such other manner as the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque, or his Chief Clerk, shall from time to time judge more expedient.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person claiming any Share or Balance of Prize or Bounty Money paid into Greenwich Hospital, and residing and being in any Port or Place of the United Kingdom at which there shall be no such Deputy to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Purposes lall aforesaid, to apply for such Share or Balance by Letter or otherwise, to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque at the said Royal Hospital, and such Claimant or Claimants shall thereupon, if necessary, be furnished by such Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque with Blank Petitions and Forms, to be filled up and attested by the Minister, Churchwardens or Elders of the Parish in which such Claimant or Claimants shall reside 5 which Petitions, when filled up, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, together with any Certificate of the Service of such or Claimants in the Navy, which such Claimant or Claimants may have in his or their Possession 5 and when the same shall have been returned from the Navy Office upon such Atteflation and Certificate (in case the Clerk of the Cheque shall judge it necessary to refer them to that Office), and a Certificate shall have been obtained from the Navy Office of the Service of such Claimant or Claimants, corresponding with the Certificates which shall have been produced by him or them as aforesaid, such Share or Balance, Shares or Balances, shall be forthwith paid to such Claimant or Claimants, on Application at the proper Office at Greenwich Hospital 5 or if from Distance of Residence, or any other Cause, such Claimant or s shall not be able conveniently to attend at the said Royal Hospital to demand the same, a Remittance Bill, in the Form or to the Effect herein after set forth, and in manner herein after mentioned, shall be forwarded and sent for the Amount of such Share or Balance, Shares or Balances, or the same shall be remitted to or for the Use of such Claimant, in such other manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque, or his Chief Clerk, shall from time to time judge more expedient.

LI. And, in order to facilitate the Payment of Prize and Bounty Monies by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital to Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others entitled thereto, who may be serving in His Majesty's Navy, or who may be resident in any Part of the United Kingdom diilant from the said Royal Hospital, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, and they are hereby respectively

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93. 445

authorized and required, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make ment of Prize out or cause to be made out Two Bills for every Sum of Money Money j>y which they shall have Occasion to pay to any Person of the Descrip- and  " tion lad hereinbefore mentioned; which Bills shall be Duplicates, venting Frauds, and joined together with Oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, in such manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall think proper, and shall be payable to such Person by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding or City, within the United Kingdom, Collector of the Customs for any Port, or Collector of Excise for any Collection in the United Kingdom respectively, near which such Person shall happen to reside, according to the Appointment of such Bills; and the said Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and attested by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, and be written or printed according to the following Form, or such other Form as the said Treasurer and Clerli of the Cheque of the said Hospital shall from time to time deem more convenient and proper.

1 SIR, Royal Hospital, Greenwich. Form of Bills

PAY to of in the County of niade !, V Green-

upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together

with a Certificate under the Hands of the Captain and One other pnz/jVloney.

signing Officer of the Ship to which such belongs,

(in case he is in His Majesty's Naval Service,) or of the Minister

1 and Churchwardens for, in that Part of the United Kingdom of 1 Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and Two Elders] of the Parish where he resides, (in case he is not in such Naval Service), That to the bed of their Know- ledge and Belief he is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of Sterling, being on Account of Monies due to the said for Captures made by His Majesty's Ship if the same shall be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital.

Treasurer, or his Deputy.

Attested 1 Clerk of the Cheque of the said

3 Hospital or his Chief Clerk.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County of

To the Collector of the Customs of the Port of

To the Collector of Excise at

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to Prize Money, for Services performed in His Majesty's Navy, in order to receive the same, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy.*

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the Regulations a? t* laid Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, shall cause Bills, them to be cut asunder indentwise, through the Oblique Lines,

Flourishes or Devices aforesaid, and shall cause One of the said Bills to bt transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and appointed as the Payee in such Bills, and the other of the said Bills mail be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax,

446 C-93* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Collector of the Customs or Collector of the Excise, on whom such Bills shall be so drawn as aforesaid 5 and the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs or Collector of Excise, if the said Bills shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively within Six Months, if in Great Britain, and if in Ireland, then within Nine Months from the Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the same, or, such Person being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such Person (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer), and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to such Person without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum directed to be paid by such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof 5 but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within Six or Nine Calendar Months from the Date, as the case may be as aforesaid, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Prize or Bounty Money be not likewise produced, then the said Receiver General, Collector of the Customs or Collector of the Excise, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled, and from and after the cancelling of the same, such Prize and Bounty Money shall remain payable in Juke manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts to be so made and given as aforesaid, and also all other Receipts for Prize and Bounty Money, which shall be at any time paid and refunded by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, shaft be free and Stamp Duty. exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Treasurer of

LII. And be it further enacted, That all such Remittance Bills ^taTtlTr^a^0^ shall he drawn upon and paid by the Receiver General of the

Remittance3^ Land Tax for any County, Riding or City, Collector of the Customs Bills for any Port, or Collector of Excise for any CoUe&ion in the United Kingdom, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, shall be immediately repaid by such Treasurer or his Deputy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs or Collector of Excise, or to their respective Orders.

Direaionsif

LIII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That Receiver Gene- jf such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs or Collector MoneC to* n0t to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills hereinbe-

answer Bills. fore directed to be made out shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall therefore refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs or Collector of the Excise, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same; and, in such case the said Receiver General or Collector shall forthwith transmit the said Duplicate, with hig Certificate of Non payment thereon, to the Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, who shall take such Steps as

may

447

J4 GEO. III. C. 93.

may be necessary for remitting the Amount of the Duplicate to the Person entitled to receive the same; and if, upon Complaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, his Heirs Ref^l r Dby or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Paymeilt* Customs or Excise, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Col-kftor of Customs or Collector of Excise, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender, under their respective Di- p.rection, iu any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the e"*

Nature or Degree of the Offence, which Conviction shall be made by the said respective Commissioners; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty may be levied or recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Customs or Excise is iraposed or laid; and the said Fine, when levied,

Hull be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person paying any No Fee, &c. Share or Balance of Prize Money refunded by Greenwich Hospital " Refund by shall receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward from or on Account of Hospital^any Payment thereof, or of any Act, Matter or Thing done, relating 0 a to the procuring or paying the same to any Claimant, or any Person on his Behalf, under any Pretence whatever, on Pain of forfeiting for penalty, every such Offence One hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Agents to Claim of Prize or Bounty Money shall be made upon any Prize Agent

or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requisition in Writing from h cTrettw the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or the Officer w; ch Hospital for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, in the Form in the Schedule to this or Navy Pay A A annexed, marked (C.), requiring that such Claim maybe either Office, satisfied, or a reason assigned for its Disallowance, such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either pay the same, or state in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the reason of his or their refusing to do fb, and deliver the same to the Party claiming the same, and presenting such Requisition; and if the reason assigned be, that such Claim has been already satisfied, the said Agent or Agents shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom the Amount thereof was received, and under what Authority, from the Claimant or Claimants, and at what time or times the same was paid; and if any such Agent or Agents refusing Payment of any such Prize or Bounty Money, shall omit, at the time of such Claim being made, accompanied by such Requisition as aforesaid, or within Two Days afterwards, to give and subscribe such Information as to the Cause of not satisfying such Claim, he or they shall forfeit and pay to such Claimant or Claimants double the Amount of the Sum ^na, ty* so claimed* to be recovered by him, her or them, with full Costs of Suit in an Action of Debt, wherein it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare against the Defendant or Defendants for so much Money had and received by him or them to and for the Use of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and that Proof of such Claim, tad of the Service of such Requisition as is hereinbefore mentioned, upoa such Agent or Agents, shall be and be deemed sufficient Evi- Evidence, deuce in Support of any such Action; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

448

C-93-

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

None hut licensed Persons to re eive Wages, Prize Money, & c.

Exceptions.

LVI. And Whereas it has frequently happened, that Frauds

have been practised upon Petty Officers and Seamen in the Navy,

and on Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, by ' Persons of bad Character, who have been authorized by them to 1 receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, or Money

in the nature of Bounty Money, to which they were entitled Be it therefore enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Person within the United Kingdom, to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Money in the nature of Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for or on account of his Services respectively on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize or Treasure, on any Conjunct Expedition of Sea and Land Foroes, under any such Orders as hereinbefore mentioned, other than Persons who shall be duly licensed in the manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen, Soldiers or Marines from giving such Orders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money to their Wives, or to the Persons in the several Degrees of Relationship following; that is to say, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be within any of the Degrees of Relationship in Blood as before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, under any such Order as aforesaid, or who, not being within any such Degree of Relationship, and not being licensed as aforesaid, shall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money for the Use of any such Petty Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Seaman or Marine; or if any Agent or Person whose Licence shall have been revoked as herein after mentioned, shall offer himself to receive, or shall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationship aforesaid, and be thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, not being Licences for re- a Prize Agent, and having given Security as such, according to the ceiving, Wages, provisions of this Act, before he shall act as an Agent for receiving Prize Money, ^Wages, pays prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money of any such Petty Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, shall take out a Licence for that Purpose from the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the same, on good and sufficient Security (to be approved of by the said Treasurei) being given by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, that such Person so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Persons for

whom

Fraudulently receiving Prize Money, &c.

Misdemeanor. Directions as to

&c.

449

54 GEO. III. C. 93.

whom or for whose Use any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands and for which Licence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no moreover and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be paid by the Person taking out the same, to the Officer of Prizes in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall pay over the Amount thereof to the Paymaster of Incidents in the said Office, towards the incidental Expences therein incurred; which Licence shall be in force for the Continuance of Space of Three Years from the Date thereof. Licence.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after Licence the taking out of any such Licence, it shall appear to the Treasurer revoked, of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, that any such licensed Agent hath abused the Trust reposed in him by not duly accounting to any Person or Persons by whom he shall have been empowered to receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, for the Sum or Sums of Money by him received in that behalf, or by practising any Fraud or Imposition on any such Person or Persons, then and in that case it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such Licensed Agent, or left at his last or most usual Place of Abode, or Place where his Business of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken out as aforesaid; which Revocation, if such Agent's Place of transacting Agency Business shall be in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall be published in the London Gazette, and if in the Country or out of the said Bills of Mortality, also in some Public Newspaper in Circulation at or near to the Place where such A gent shall transact his Business of Agency, for the Information of all Persons interested in Wages or Prize Money; and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand and receive Wages, Pay,

Prize Money, Bounty Money, and other Allowances of Money due or to grow due on Account of the Services of any such Petty Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, shall ab-folntely cease and determine.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Lifts of licensed Abode and of transacting Agency Business of every such licensed ASents hun6 UP* Agent, shall be inserted in a List and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, and in some conspicuous Place in each of the Navy Pay Offices at the several Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Inspe&ion of all Persons who shall resort thither on Business, and which Lifts shall be renewed from time to time as Occasion may require.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such licensed F'censed Agents Agent shall remove or change his Office or Place of conducting the R^va) ot, ceo Business of Agency, he shall within Fourteen Days after every such Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, on Pain of for- penn]ty feiting for every neglect thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds. nn

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters or Packets'tners.0^ addressed to the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, upon any Business or Affairs Prixe Matters relative to Prize Matters, or upon any other Business or Affairs of fiee ot Fatale, the said Royal Hospital, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or 54 GEO. III. G g Packets

4S

A.D. 1814.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III.

Pending other Papers, &c. under Covers, &c.

[Penalty.]

Officers to fend Accounts of Captures to Treasurer of Navy, Sic.

Payment to Representatives of Seamen,

Expencesof executing Act, &c. paid out of ln-terest or Principal of unclaimed Shares.

Packets font by the said Treasurer, or by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, upon such Bufintfs or Affairs as aforesaid, or by the Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, upon any Business relating to such Prize Matters in manner and form herein after directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Poffage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Matters aforesaid, that shall be forwarded by the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque, or by such Officer for the Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office as aforesaid, shall be under Cover, with the Words " Purfliant to Act of Parliament, Fifty fourth George the Third, " printed upon the same; and the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, as the case may be, shall write his Name under the same; and they and each of them are and is hereby flriUy prohibited from ir.tlofing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, or to such Prize Matters respectively.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque, or Officer for Prize Matters as aforesaid, shall fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, or such Prize Matters as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Commanders of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, or hired armid Ships, shall from time to time, as soon as the same can be done, transmit to the Treasurer of the Navy, and to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospitid, Accounts in Writing of all Prizes taken, with the Name of the Port to which the Capture was sent, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Agent or Agents, Hating whether it is a foie or joint Capture, and, if joint, the Names of the several Ships alleged to be aiding in such Capture, with the Date of the Capture, and the Place where the same was made.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Prize and Bounty Money due to the Representatives of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines deceased, shall be paid only to their Representatives, or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, upon Production of the Cheque to be granted by the Inspectors of Seamen's Wills.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences incurred in executing this Act, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers of the Navy Office, Navy Pay Office or of Greenwich Hospital, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in executing the Regulations thereof, shall be subject to the Discretion of the Commissioners of the Navy, as far the same relate to Officers of or Persons employed in the Navy Office, or otherwise under the Orders of such Commissioners of the Treasurer of the Navy, as far as the same relate to Officers of or Persons employed in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Board of Directors of the said Hospital, as to all Officers and Persons employed or belonging to Greenwich Hospital, and shall be paid by the said Board of Directors out of the Interest of unclaimed Shares, and Shares of Run Men, in veiled in Government Securities, or if necessary, out of the Principal Sums in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Hospital, on Account of such Shares of Run Men, the Accounts of such Remuneration*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 93. 451

munerations and Expenditures being annually* returned to Parliament; and the Commissioners of the Navy, and the Treasurer of the Navy respectively, shall Quarterly cause an Account to be sent of the Amount of such Expences to the said Board of Directors of the said Royal Hospital, who shall immediately cause the same to be paid to the Order of the said Commissioners and Treasurer respectively.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. No Fees paid That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Fees heretofore paid 9r trat'"'S r" by the said Royal Hospital at the Navy Office, for tracing the Ser- shares]

vices of Persons claiming Shares of Prize or Bounty Money, shall &c. cease, and be no longer due or payable.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed No Person em-by Greenwich Hospital m executing the Regulations of this Act, shall PjV^9* ad as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly ia pen*jt

the Biifmefs thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person oi^Persons Perjury, See, shall falsely* make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that Persons counter-if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Commission for War or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for \v^&c*n  making out the same, or any Certificate required or directed by this Act to be given for obtaining the same, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for War, or Warrant for making out the same, or any Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erafeel, altered or fallified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Not delivering Persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any of the Ac- Accounts, counts before mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to transmit or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds, and shall pay the Expence of any Application to any Court to compel the Production and Delivery of the same.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion Frauds in Ac-or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, per- counts* milted or done or suffered in making, Rating or balancing such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every Inch Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds. Penalty,

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Proceeds of p: fiing of this Act, the Proceeds of all Captures made prior to the ^l)j^esi^ort First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or Jiflj-ibuted ac-any former War, which shall not have been already advertised for COrdirg to Act, Distribution, shall be distributed under the Regulations of this Act, and Agents to and the forfeited and unclaimed Shares be accounted for and paid accordingly, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital within the same Period, and in like manner as by this Act is directed; and that the Agents for all Captures made previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War, and which have already been advertised for Distribution, shall render Accounts, and pay the forfeited and unclaimed Shares to the said Treasurer of

G g 2 Greenwich

C. 95.

GEO. III.

A.D.

Rerfanrs to fend Account to Greenwich Hot-pml of Money in Hjnd:

And to remit.

Judzes to order Payment of unclaimed Money which is to be distributed.

Treasurer and Clerk of Cheque may issue Precepts to licensed Persons to account for Prize or Bounty Monies.

Greenwich Hospital within Three Months after the passing of this Act; any thing in any former Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

' L

XXIII. And Whereas divers Sums of Money are now re-

maining in the Hands of the Registrars of the High Court of

Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the several Court!

of Vice Admiralty respectively, arising from Prizes which have been finally adjudged to the Captors, and which have not been

claimed by them, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf; Be it therefore enacted, That the Registrars of the said High Court of Appeals, of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall, within Three Months, so far as relates to the High Court of Appeals and the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty in the East Indies, within Two Years, and with respect to such Courts in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, within One Year next after the passing of this Act, render or transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or his Deputy, an Account of all Sums of Money which had been paid into the said Courts as aforesaid respectively, up to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and which at the time of rendering such Account shall remain in their Hands respectively; and at the same time pay over or remit to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital all such last mentioned Sums of Money; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, to the Registrar paying such Money, shall be a good and effectual Discharge to such Registrar, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and with respect to all Monies which have been so paid to the said Registrars respectively, since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or which shall hereafter be so paid, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes, from which such Monies shall have proceeded, shall have been finally adjudged to the Captors, unclaimed by the said Captors, or by any Person or Persons on their behalf, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, upon Application by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to the said Treasurer or his Deputy; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be distributed among the Captors, of their legal Re presentatives, by the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, in like manner, and subject to the same Regulations, so far as the same can be made applicable, as in cases of Dilhi-bution by the Agents of the Captors.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, from time to time as they shall see Occasion, to issue Precepts under their Hands, directed to such Person or Persons as shall be licensed as hereinbefore mentioned, and whom they may have reason to believe have received Prize or Bounty Monies upon Orders executed since the pastine of this Act, requiring him or them, within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept shall have been served, to deliver or transmit upon Oath to the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, according to the Directions contained in the said Precept (which Oath any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said

453

54 GEO. III.

93*

said Royal Hospital for the time being, ia hereby authorized to administer), an Account of all Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons upon Orders executed since the passing of this Act 5 and in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid over, then to whom the same, or any Part thereof, has been so paid over as aforesaid, and shall at the same time pay or remit to the Treafuner or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, as may be required by such Precept, such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, or to their Use; and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Act, the same shall be recoverable from the Person detaining the same, by Action for Money had and received, or otherwise, in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, and the same, when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, and be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Monies are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any such Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept shall be served as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver or transmit such Account within the time hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Royal Hospital the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, to be brought

in the Name of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said

Royal Hospital, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the

Board of Directors of the said Royal Hospital, why such Precepts

have not been complied with.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Person Precepts on or Persons as aforesaid, upon whom any such Precept or Precepts as t>erion* repeat-aforesaid shall have been served, shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience ed' thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Disobedience, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby empowered to repeat such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall have been duly rendered and delivered; and such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of Twenty Pounds, for every Precept Penalty, to be served upon him or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of the Rertfrars of High Court of Appeals and High Court of Admiralty respectively, Courts of Ap-shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of Peal a, ld Admu JutUy the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of J3 ivea-^December in every Year, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal fun'#..f Green-Hospital, or his Deputy, and to the Treasurer of the Navy, a List wuh Hospital. of all the Prizes which shall have been adjudged in their Courts respectively, in the Three Months preceding, together with the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, and of the Agents for the Captors, and the Dates of the Captures and Sentences respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of Registrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of Vice Admiralty March and the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of CouJlw lranf-

C-A r TN. r t-\</ rnit Lifts to Re-

September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year,

4J4

A.D. 1814.

Court of Ad-inirJty &c. Quarterly.

Lifts hnnp up for public In-ip^ction.

Rcfftrars neglecting

[Penalty.]

Roeiftrar ne-gUdin^ to make Returns of Prizes.

[Penalty.]

Treasur., r of J\*vy m*v np-poliit per fun to examine Accounts of Prizes.

Certificates of Accounts allowed to be given.

c. 93.

54 GEO. III.

or so soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for England, transmit to the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, a List of all the Prizes which have been adjudged in their Courts respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the Dates of the several Captures, as far as the same may appear, the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, the Agents of the Captors, a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sentences upon the same; and at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Duplicate of the same to the Deputy of the said Treasurer, rdident at the Place where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be established, or to which their Jurisdiction shall extend; which Lifts so to be transmitted to the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, shall be hung up for public In* spedlion in the Registry at Doctors' Commons, together with similar Lifts of the Prizes adjudged in the High Court of Admiralty, and in the Court of Appeal; and in case any such Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall neglect or refuse to transmit such Lilts, or to deliver Duplicates thereof, at the times and in the manner aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cafe3 where the Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall have neglected to make the Returns of Prizes proceeded against in the respective Courts as required by Law, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a like Sum of Fifty Pounds, unless the Returns shall be transmitted in manner above required within Eighteen Months, so far as the same relate to the East Indies, and within Nine Months from every other Vice Admiralty Court in His Majesty's Foreign Dominions.

LXXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the speedy and effectual Examination of all Accounts relating to Prizes taken by His Majesty's Ships, in order to insure ' the full Value thereof being duly accounted fer to the Captors; Be it enacted, That, from and after the pasting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy to appoint a Person duly qualified to examine all such Accounts, and that every Prize Agent and every Person who shall be authorized and empowered to receive and distribute any Bounty Monies or other Monies for the life or Benefit of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, by reason of any Capture or Seizure made by them, subject to the Provisions of this Act, shall, before he shall exhibit his Account of Sales in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a Copy thereof to the Treasurer of the Navy, in order to the same being submitted to the immediate Examination of the Officer so to be appointed by him.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when the Person so to be appointed shall have carefully examined the Accounts of any Prize Agent or other Person so transmitted to him and shall he satisfied therewith, he shall give to such Agent or other Person Two Certificates signed by himself, setting forth the Names of the Prize and of the capturing Ship or Ships, and the Amount of the Nett Proceeds for Distribution, One of which Certificates such Agent or other Person shall transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, together with a Copy of his Accounts and Vouchers exhibited in the High Court of Admiralty.

455

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when such Agent or Scheme for other Person shall deliver his Accounts for Examination as aforesaid, Dtftrihution n* he shall at the same time deliver a Scheme for the Distribution of the be delivered. Nett Proceeds to the Captors of the Prize in question, according to the following Forms:

For all Captures made prior to June 1808.

Ships, &c. entitled to Share. Names of Distributing Agents for each Ship, fcc. Number of Persons in each Class, with the Amount of an Individual Share.

*50 Cl V M 1 % JG z*0 0 0 JG.O CJ -3 fO S 10 r. M- 02 J2oo U -5 0 Proportion due to each Ship

 /.

Ship No. 1 A. & B. I 4922 232 287 15 n{

2 C. & D. I 4 11 24 213 2919ol

3 E. & F. I 3 8 x3 80 93 3 5

G. & H. Flag Proport ions - O 00

Fra&ions col-f M 0 i 1

1 J? 883 7 0

For all Captures made subsequent to June 1808.

Ships, &c. Names of Distributing Number of Persons in each Class, with the Amount of an Individual Share.

entitled to Share. Agents for each Ship.o n ' <um" U M <*-.*"5 hnco 4>M Ooo * df M 0 to TjSt to -6.8 M  M JG u <1 48 O3* M 5^0 6th Class, each 0 12 0. JG 0 _ 0 A* 2 00 1 3 0 JG 8 d 00 Proportion due to each Ship.

Ship No. 1 A. & B. I 7 10 13 2J3 83 29 . t. d. 449 n if

2 C. &D. I 3 7 10 6 54 J4 12 185 16 3*

E. & F. Flag Propor tions Fra<! 1 Elions - 575 3*  1 693 3 11

G g 4 LXXXII. And

4$6

C. 93.

54 CEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Allowance for fi: ch }'xami-

Ur

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance or Payment shall be made for such Examination by the Agent or Person delivering such Accounts; and the Sum so paid shall be charged by the said Agent or other Person in his Account for.Distribution; the said Allowance or Fee to be regulated after the following Proportions: If the Nett Proceeds for Distribution amount to

Sums recovered in contujuence of Examination CiilritHited, <fcc.

200 and are under 500 - 2 Guineas.

500 IOCO - 3 

1000 2000 -- 4 

2000 3000 - 5 

3000 4000 - 6 

4000 50C0 - 7 

5000 6000 - 8 

6000 7000 -9 

7000 8000 - 10 

8000 9000 - 11 

9000 10, 000 - 12 

10, 000 15, 000 -3 

15, 000 and upwards - - 15 

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, if upon

Account of M.rney received for Inch Exami-H4liou rendered.

Account laid annually before Parliament.

Offences Act tried in any County of England.

amination of any Account as aforesaid so exhibited, it shall appear that the full Value of any Prize taken, or Bounty, has not been dated in the Account made up by the Agent for Distribution, or if upon such Examination any Sum or Sums shall be disallowed as improperly charged against the Captors, then all further Sums so appearing to be due to the Captors, and recovered by the Authority of any competent Court, shall be considered as a Part of the Proceeds to be distributed among the Captors; and if by any Delay in recovering the same, such Sum or Sums cannot be included in the first Distribution, then the said Sum or Sums shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, to be distributed to the Captors or their legal Representatives by the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, in like manner and subject to the same Regulations as far as the same can be made applicable thereto, as in cases of Distribution by the Agents of the Captors.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That an attested Account shall be annually rendered to the Treasurer of the Navy and Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, by such Examiner of Prize Accounts of all Sums of Money received as Allowance or Payment for Examination as aforesaid, and that out of the same shall be paid all Charges incurred in carrying into Effect the Provisions of this Act with respect to the examining of Prize Accounts, together with such Remuneration for the Examiner of the said Accounts as shall by the Treasurer of the Navy be thought reasonable; and whatever Balance shall remain after Satisfying such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be laid annually before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after their First Meeting, by the Treasurer of the Navy, an Account of the Charges and Remunerations allowed and paid as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, or any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of His Majesty's

Courts

457

54 GEO. III. C*93

Courts of Record in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, tried and determined in any County in England, in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committted within the Body of such County.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Penalties, Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise or ow recovere<i* become forfeited, may be recovered by Aion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or Monition and Attachment thereon, in His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, unless in cases where any other Mode is by this Act particularly directed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in Application of which any Agent or Person is by this Act made subject to the For- P*aalLes* feiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Misconduct of such Agent or Person, and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied and dif-poted of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors thereof.

LXXXIX. And Whereas by a certain Act of Parliament, made 3*

and passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement94 Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages

and for enabling them more eajily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, after reciting that diver9 wicked Practices had been carried on, by personating and falsely afiuming the Names and Characters of Officers, Seamen and others entitled or supposed to be entitled to Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, for serving on board of Ships or Vessels of the Royal Navy, and by forging and counterfeiting Letters of Attorney, Bills, Tickets, Alignments, last Wills, and other Authorities and Powers from such Officers and Seamen, and by falsely taking out Probate of Wills and Letters of Administration to such Officers and Seamen; it is enacted, That, from and 34.

after the Firil Day of November which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, whosoever willingly and knowingly should personate, or falsely afiume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely to 1 assume the Name or Character of any Officer, Seamen or other Person entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, for Service done on board 1 of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or

the

45*

JC.J. c. 30.

S.

Performing, &c. Officers and Seamen to receive Prite Money, Forging, &c. Orders, ice. for Payment thereof.

C. 93. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer or Seaman* or other Person, in order to receive any

Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of the Services

of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid; or should forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited,

any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Assignment, lad

Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to

receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due, to any such Officer or Seaman,

or other Person as aforesaid, or should willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of

Administration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or that were supposed to be due, to any such Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, who had really served, or had been supposed to have served, on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, should be deemed guilty of Felony,

and should suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the

Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled /in Ad 4 for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, at relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy9 and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings; and Punishment of Persons guilty of Jlealing or em- bezxling His Majesty's Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjuryf in relation to Seamen*s IVagesy it is, among other tilings, enacted, That if any Person should, from and after the Twenty fourth Day

of Juney which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, utter or publish as true, any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate or

Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of

Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer or Seaman, or other Person who should have really served, or should

have been supposed to have served, or should hereafter serve, or

should be supposed to have served, on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intent to defraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, should be deemed guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon, without

Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Punishment inflicted by the said Two last recited Acts of Parliament on Persons guilty of the several Offences therein mentioned,

extends to such Offences, when committed with an Intention to defraud any Corporation; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Officer, Seaman or other Person entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money for Service done on board of any Ship or Vessel of His

11 Majesty,

A.D. 1814.

459

54 GEO. III. C. 93.

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Executor or Administrator,

Wife, Relation or Creditor, of any such Officer or Seaman or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances ot Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account of the Services of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket,

Certificate, Order, Assignment, lait Will, or any other Power or Authority what foe ver, in order to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, which shall be due or supposed to be due, to any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, which shall be due, or be supposed to be due to any such Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter or publish as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Order or Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer ori Seaman, or other Person who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served, or shall hereafter serve, or be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intent to defraud any Corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of shall be brought against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any A&ious. Matter or Thing whatsoever, done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Three Years next after doing or committing of such Matter or Thing, save as to Matters or Things arising out of Captures in any former War: Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General General Issue. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer Dif-continuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have Treble Costs. the like Remedy as where Cods by Law are given to Defendants.

[See as to Chelsea Hospital* c. 86. ante.]

C $Ie

4 GEO. EH.

A.D. 1814. 1

4C0

C. 93.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM of CONDEMNATIONS to be signed by the Prize Agent, and transmitted to Greenwich Hospital, agreeably to the 23d Sed. of this Act.

0 Vi 3 CJ O Vm O t> -e Q Name of Prize. Matter's Name. Capturing Ship, or Ships entitled to Share. I Commander's Name. Date of Sentence. Date of Appeal, if any. Decretal Part of Sentence, whether for Capture, Salvage, or {Head Money, See. State of the Property condemned, and in what it consists, whether fold or Part fold only, the Produce of such Part at it fuld, and in what the unfold Pan consists.

ft /

SCHEDULE (B.)

v [Here insert the Place where and Time when the Order is made.]

Day of 180

AT Seven Days Sight pav to or his

Order, the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture of [here insert the Names of the Prizes, and Time of Capture, or give such other Description of them as shall be satisfactor y to the Sfgent) and the Officers of Greenwich Hospital,] when serving on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel the in

Quality of

To the Agent for the said Capture, 1 or, the proper Officers of Greenwich Hospital, J

These are to certify, That we have examined the said who signed the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents he has shewn us, videlicet [here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates, or other wise, and by what Officer they are signed,] and his Answers to our Questions, we have reason to believe that he was serving on board the said Ship at the Time of making the Captures above specified \ he fays he was born at in the County of that he is Years of Age, of a Complexion, Eyes, and Hair.

[If the Party is discharged from the Service, fate the Time and Cause of Discharge.]

Given under our Hands

54 GEO. in

C. 93, 94-

461

SCHEDULE (C.)

Act of Parliament, 54th GEO. III. Chap. Section

Navy Pay Office, London.

J Request that the Prize Money noted on the Document which will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a reason may be assigned for its Disallowance, in the manner pointed out in the above Act of Parliament.

A.B. Officer for Prizes; or, C.D. Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, (as thccqfe may be)*

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer, in Scotland, who had resigned their Offices before the lad Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of g Q

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for3c*M5. enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer, in Scotland, upon the Resigna- tion of their Offices, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by His Majesty's Sign $ Manual, to give and grant unto any Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Session, or of the Lord Justice Clerk, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Session, or of any Lord Commissioner of Justiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, as well before as after the passing of the said recited Act, and who shall have respectively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Refig nation thereof, to commence and be paid in manner therein mentioned: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign j0q of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for augmenting the Salaries

of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland, certain Augmentations were made to the Salaries of the said Judges respectively: And Whereas certain of the Judges of the said Courts who resigned their Offices after the passing of the said first recited Act, and before the passing of the said last recited Act, have received Grants of Annuities of less Amount than those Judges of the same Courts who have resigned or may resign their Offices fmee the passing of the said last recited Act, and it is reasonable and expedient that the Judges who had resigned their Offices before the passing of the said last recited Act mould be entitled to similar Annuities from and after the passing of this Act, as if they had resigned the same after the passing of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Ex-ttlltnt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

c-3*.

A.D. 1814.

His Majesty niay grant to JiHees See. in Scotland who had resigned before pa'ling of 50 G. 3. c. 31. Annuities they would lia/e been entitled to had they resigned lublVqurnt to passing of Alt.

46 G. 3. C. 65.

Recited Acts extended to Alt.

40 G. 3 (I.) c. 69.

C. 94, 95. 54 CEO. III.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give and grant unto any Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Session, or of Lord Justice Clerk, or of Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Session, or of any Lord Commissioner of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer who shall have resigned his said Office after the passing of the said fird recited Alb of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and before the passing of the said last recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Additions to their respective Annuities as will, from and after the passing of this Act, make such Annuities equal to what they would have been entitled respectively to have received if they had resigned such Offices after the passing of the said last recited Act; and such Additions to such respcltive Annuities to be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time be payable and be paid Quarterly, commencing the Fird Payment thereof at the Fird Quarterly Term that shall occur after the passing of this Act, clear from all Taxes and Deductions w'hatfo-ever (except the Duty chargeable by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majjly during the present War and until the Sixth JDny of April after the Ratification nf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profts arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual ttie Provjions for collecting the said Duties).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several recited Acts, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein contained (so far as the same are applicable and are not hereby altered), shall be in Force and applied to carry into Lhelt the Purposes of this AIL

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Ireland, on the Resignation of their Offices.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty- intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench* 4 Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sfnzm of the County of Dublin, and Ajfijlant Barrijlers of the several other Counties on the Resignation of their ref pc dive Offices; and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An

54 GEO. III. C. 9J.

4^3

An Act for increasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judge/

1 of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom s 4 And Whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made for such Persons as have held the Offices of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, of Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and the Justices of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland respectively, in the Event of their quitting said Offices; ' We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the Uuited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do moik humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, and who shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Irish Currency, and to any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland respectively, and who shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irish Currency, and to any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Puisne Judge of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas or of Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, and who shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irish Currency; which said several and respective Annuities shall be in Addition to and in Augmentation of the respective Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to he given and granted to such Persons respectively, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid; and in like manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities and yearly Sums of Money shall from time to time, from the granting thereof, be payable and paid Quarterly without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or otherwise, by even and equal Portions at the like Periods and together with and in the same manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said recited Act, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions (as far as the lame are applicable), as are contained and prescribed in the said recited Act in relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted to the Judges.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein

contained

His Majesty may grant Annuities to Judges in Ireland ou Resignation.

Annuities paid QuaircrN without Deduction.

Rented Act extended to A

contained (so far as the same are applicable and are not hereby altered), shall be in force and be applied to carry into Effect the Purposes of this A#.

CAP. XCVI.

5 Eliz. c. 4. 31.

repaled.

5 Eliz. c. 4. 125  30- 41-

jr-fi.led.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of Queen

Elizabeth, intituled An Act containing divers Orders for Arti-fcers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentices.

[r8th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Pier late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act eontaining divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Huf- landry and Apprentices, it was enabled, That, from and after the First Day of May then next coming, it should not be lawful to any Person or Persons, other than such as did then lawfully use or*exercise any Art, Mystery or Manual Occupation, to set up,occupy, use or exercise any Craft, Mystery or Occupation "then used or occupied within the Realm of England or Wales, except*he shall have been brought up therein Seven Years at least as an Apprentice 5 nor to set any Person on Work in such Mystery, Art or Occupation, being not a Workman at that Day, except he shall have been Apprentice as aforesaid, or else having served as an Apprentice as aforesaid, shall become a Journeyman, or hired by the Year, upon Pain that every Person willingly offending, or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every Default Forty Shillings for every Month: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act {hotild be repealed; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And Whereas by the said Statute, divers Rules and Regulations were enacted respecting the Qualifications of Persons entitled to take and become Apprentices, and the Term of Years for which such Apprentices should be bound, and as to the Mode of binding such Apprentices; and it was also enacted by the said Statute, That all Indentures, Covenants, Promises and Bargains, of and for the having, taking or keeping of any Apprentice, otherwise thereafter to be made or taken, than is by the said Statute limited, ordained and appointed, should be clearly void in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; and that every Person that should from thenceforth take or newly retain any Apprentice contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said Act, Should forfeit and lose for every Apprentice so by him taken the Sum of Ten Pounds:

And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person to take or retain or become an Apprentice, though not according to the Provisions of the said Act; and that Indentures, Deeds and Agreements in Writing entered into for that Purpose, which would be otherwise

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 96, 97 4'5j

valid and effectu&l, shall be valid and effectual in Law, the Repeal of so much of the said Act as is herein last above recited notwithstanding.

[Qw. To how many and what Parts of

Sessions 25  30. does the above Enactment apply?"]

III. And be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of Justices may de-the Peace may hear and determine any Complaints that may arise re- terine Cum-spefting any Apprenticeships, in like manner as if they had been made P131018,

under the Act (a) hereby in Part repealed.

(a) [5 Eliz. c, 4. $39.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, Provisofor or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to Customs ot extend to defeat, alter or prejudice the Custom and Order of the London&c*

City of London concerning Apprentices, or the ancient Custom,

Usages, Privileges or Franchises of the said City, or of auy other City, Town, Corporation or Company lawfully constituted, or the Citizens and Freemen thereof; or any Bye-Law or Regulation of any Corporation or Company lawfully constituted.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made In Great Britain; for granting an ExciseDuty on Common Glass Bottles imported; and for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are near expiring,

1 W and it is expedient that the same should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act 49 G. 3. c. 63. fur repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window, n Part con" Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof tinued* and for the better Collection of the Jdid Duties; as was by another Act nude in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until CI G-3- c. 69. the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; $6, and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign afore- 5a G. 3. c. 54. said further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight 1. hundred and thirteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty third 53 G. 3 c. 109. Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of 

August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; shall be and the same is hereby farther continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first 51 G. 3. c. 69. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeal-tug the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duttes in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majjly's Rdgn, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials uftd in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for 54 GEO. III. H h granting

A.D. 1814.

97.

54'

GEO. III.

<2 G. 3. C. 54* 2.

jnG.3. C.IC9.

I.

Dntv on Com* won Gi.tls Bju'cs im-poru A

Duties under Commissioners of Excile.

Entry made with Collector of Excite at Bort of Importation.

13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 11.

Duty before landing.

[Penalty.]

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the letter Collection of the said Duties; which was by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the Firil Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 and by another Act made in the Fifty third year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the said First Day of August One thousand right hundred and fifteen.

III. And Whereas for the Encouragement of the Manufactureof Common Glass Bottles in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, it is expedient that the Duties herein after*mentioned should be granted for and in respect of Common Glass ' Bottles (not being Phials) imported into Great Britainf Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an Inland Duty of Eight Shillings and Two pence for every Hundred Weight of Common Glass Bottles (the same not being Phials), which shall be imported into Great Britain; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That within Twenty Days next after the Mailer or Purser for that Voyage of the Ship or Vessel, wherein any Common Glass Bottles (not being Phials) shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, shall have or ought to have made a just: and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel in pursuance of the Directions of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for fre* venting Frauds, and regulating Abuses in His Majestf s Customs, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, of any such Common Glass Bottles, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where such Common Glass Bottles shall be so imported, of all such Common Glass Bottles on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, and before the landing of any such Common Glass Bottles, satisfy and pay the Duty by this Act irr.posed for or in respect of such Common Glass Bottles, and shall also within such Twenty Days land all such Common Glass Bottles; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due Entry, or to pay such Duty, or to land any such Common Glass Bottles (not being Phials) within such Twenty Days, then and in each and every such case such Common Glass Bottles, whereof no such Entry shall have been made, or for or in respect whereof such Duty shall not be so paid, or which shall not be so landed, shall be forfeited* and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 97. 467

VI. And "Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of 51 G. 3. c. 69.

the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among

other things, for amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, among other things, for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glals and c Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, it is enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for or in respect of 4&any such Glass as in the said Act is in that behalf mentioned exported, unless the same shall be shipped and exported in Whole Tables, Half Tables or Quarter Tables, or in regular Panes,

Squares or redtangular Figures, the Four Sides of which together shall measure at least Fourteen Inches, and of which no Side shall

measure less than Three Inches, or Lozenges, of which the Four 1 Sides together shall measure at lead Fourteen Inches, and no Side

of which shall measure less than Three Inches and an Half; And Whereas the said Restrictions have been found insufficient to answer the good Purpose thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make such further Restrictions and Provisions as are herein after

mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That no Drawback shall be Drawbacks In allowed for or in respect of any regular Panes, Squares or redtangular what case Figures of Spread Glass or other Window Glass, any Part of which allowed.

Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures shall consist of or include tin?

Bullion or thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which such Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures shall have been cut or

taken, or any Part of the said Builion, unless no Side of any such

Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures shall measure less than Eight

Inches; nor shall any Drawback be allowed for or in respect of

any Lozenges, any Part whereof shall consist of or include the

Bullion or thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which such

Lozenges shall have been cut or taken, or any Part of the said

Builion, unless no Side of any such Lozenge shall measure less than

Eight Inches; nor unless the Distance between the Two obtuse

Angles of each such Lozenge shall measure Eight Inches at the

least 5 nor shall any Drawback be allowed for or in respect of any

Lozenges, not containing or including the Bullion or thick centre

Part of the Table, from or out of which such Lozenges shall have been cut or taken, or any Part of the said Builion, unless the

Distance between the Two obtuse Angles of every such Lozenge

/hall measure Three Inches and an Half at the least; and all Window

Glass, any Part whereof shall consist of or include the Bullion or

thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which the same shall have been cut or taken, and which shall be of any other Shape or of

less Dimensions than as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be

Waste Glass, within the Meaning of an Act made in the Seventeenth !7G*3- c-39-

Year of His Majesty's Reign, mentioned in the said Act, made in J7'

the Fifty first Year aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall

knowingly enter or ship, or cause or procure to be entered or shipped for Exportation.

for Exportation, in order to obtain any Drawback by an Act made

in the Forty % ninth Year of His present Majesty mentioned in the said Act made in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, or by any other Act

Cnted or allowed, any Panes, Squares or rectangular Figures or zenges of Spread Window Glass commonly called or known by Name of Broad Glass or other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, as aforesaid, containing or including the Bullion or thick H h 2 centre

468

Peaa'ty.

45 G. 3. c. 30.

 10.

Who deemed Makers of GUIs.

Obstruction

4&fficer*.

Penalty, Penalties how levied.'

centre Part of the Table, from or out of which such Panes, Squares* rectangular Figures or Lozenges, shall have been cut or taken, or any Panes, Squares, rectangular Figures or Lozenges of Spread Glass or other Window Glass respectively, which shall not be of the Dimensions in that behalf aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every Crate, Pareel, Box or Package, containing any such Glass so entered or shipped contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And Whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, it is declared and enacted, That each and every Person who # shall make or manufacture any Sort or Kind of Glass or Glass Wares, by melting any Metal, Materials, Cullet, or old or broken Glass, in any Pot, Crucible or other Utensil, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Penalties, to which Makers of Glass were then by Law subject and liable: And Whereas divera Persons, who are not under the Survey of the Officers of Excise, make or manufacture Glass Wares by melting or softening Glass, other wise than in any Pot, Crucible or other Utensil, to the Detriment of the Revenue and Injury of the entered Manufacturers of Glass, and Doubts have arisen whether such Persons are liable to the Survey of the Officers of Excise f For Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted, That each and every Person who shall make or manufacture any Kind or Sort of Glass by means of the melting or softening of any Glass, or who shall melt or soften any Glass, in any manner whatsoever, for the Purpose of making or converting the same into any Vessel, Utensil, Ware or Piece of Household Furniture, or Part of any Vessel, Utensil, Ware or Piece of Household Furniture, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Penalties, to which Makers of Glass are now by Law subject and liable; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Common Glass Bottles, or other Bottles, as or for Common Glass Bottles, forfeited under or fey virtue of this Act, refeue, or cause to be refeued, or shall break, damage or defiroy any such Bottles, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Lavjr or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety

A.D. 1814< 54 GEO. III. C*97 98. 46p

Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to Application of time arising from the Duty by this Act imposed, the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,

shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and be made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Powers of

Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and f(>r<*r A^f' Things, which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away'

the Court of Wards, and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by

Knight*s Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majzjlj) in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon imported Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising* levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the said Duty hereby granted upon Common Glass Bottles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in France.

[18th July 1814.]

WJ PEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the^q. c>

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 MiFilary Expenditure in Spain and Portugal; for removing Delays in puffing the Public Accounts; and for making new Arrangements for conducting the Business of the Audit Office: And Whereas,

since the passing of the said Act, the Forces of His Majesty have carried on Military Operations in the Territory of France; and

h is therefore expedient that Provision should be made for examining

the Accounts of Public Expenditure in that Country; Be it

therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Auditor General of Accounts of Auditor Gener..*

the Public Expenditure iu Spain and Portugal, for the time being, ot Accounts

shall and may have and exercise with respect to the Accounts of pobl!c Expends

Public Expenditure in France, all and every the Powers and Autho- Portugal toVxi-

rities which are given to and vested in him by virtue of the said Act, m; ne Accounts

with respect to the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and of Public K*pe-

Portugal, and shall and may execute the same Duties with respect dituiein France.

tl h 3 to

47

A.D. 1814.

Auditors to rafs Account* that have been eumineti.

44 O. 3. c. x-

entinued

C. 7tC*

C. 98, 99, 100. 54 GEO. III.

to the Examination of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in France, which already has been or may hereafter be incurred, as he is authorized by the said Act to execute with respect to the Examination of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to proceed in making up and passing any Accounts of Public Expenditure in France, which have been previously examined by the said Auditor General, in like manner as they may proceed by virtue of the said Act in making up and passing the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Rcftriclions contained in several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Refiridions contained in several Act made in the Thirty seventh, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Batik of England: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provision of the said Act should be further continued May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Aff shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty lilth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, [4See as to Bank of Ireland, c. 130. pfiF\

CAP. C.

An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported from Ireland are to be ascertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Co flee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Al aritgalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eufiatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations, as similar Articles of the British Plantations; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue until the Twenty % fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to

C. 100.

4/i

54 GEO. III.

amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on ) the

Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, certain Drawbacks and Bounties were allowed on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland\ according to the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His 47 G.3. S ir. r.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually c- 'V*

for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, as amended by subsequent Acts And Whereas an Alteration hath been made with respect to the Periods at which the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar are to be taken and published in the London Gazette; and it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of Drawbacks and Bounties annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year should be repealed, and that another Schedule and Table should be enacted in lieu thereof: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enadlea; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and Schedule of after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, 47 G. 3. SelHi. the Schedule annexed to the said recited Atl of the Forty seventh Repealed and in Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be and the same is hereby re- ftcad thereof pealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this A Cl Schedule an-annexed shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand nexed used. eight hundred and fourteen, be con (trued and taken to be the

Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland shall be paid or allowed, except as herein after is provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Deduction no shall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter or repeal the Deduc- aile from tion heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on ex0, orted^n Sugar when exported from Ireland in any other than a British Vessel, Vessels uot owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed by British.

the said recited Act of the Forty seventh (a) Year of His present Majesty's Reign. (a) [47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 19. 4.]

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ^, r'vbaCkS Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the ascertained. Drawback or Bounty to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of

Sugar from Ireland shall be regulated and ascertained in manner following; that is to say, that whenever in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette^ containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, inserted in the London Gazette, published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the Firil Wednesday in May, the Fir it Wednesday in August, the First Wednesday in November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, shall be at any of the Average Prices flated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof; then and in every such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes shall have been H h 4 given

4/2

C.loo.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

When Bounty on Refined Sugar to take place.

given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (except to Great Britain), of the several Sorts of Sugar mentioned in the said Schedule, until Notice of any other Average Price, published in the London Gazette on any of such Saturdays before mentioned shall be inserted in the Dublin Gazette save and except the Notice required to be given in the London Gazette on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; which la ft mentioned Notice shall continue in force, and shall regulate the said Bounties and Drawbacks, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and no longer); and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties are paid and allowed under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties at the time of the passing of this Act, except in so far as the same are altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall not take effect or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, but that the said Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall he paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; any thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Exportation from Ireland of Sugar being Doubled Refined; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas Doubts may arise in certain cases respecting the Duty that would be chargeable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martiniqvet Mariegalanttj Saint Martin, Saint Eustatia and Saha9 exported from the Warehouse in which any such Sugar shall have been secured

Duty payable on on Importation into Ireland; Be it therefore enacted and declared,

D.....J That, from and after the passing of this Act, any such Sugar so

warehoused, on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation from any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable only to the Payment of such Portion of the Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation of such Sugar as is specified and mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

Sugar, &c. Pro-

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said duct ion of Mar- Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, any unique, fee. d- Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being of the Growth, Production or as !ike At tides Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Marie-gal ante9 Guadalouse, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported into Ireland, shall and may be admitted to Entry in Ireland^ on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs, and no other, as are or may be due and payable on the like Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations;

and

Not to Double Re-hued Sugar.

Raw or Clayed Sugar exported,

imported from British Pbnia-

C. ioo.

47J

and all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, shall on Exportation

from Ireland be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to

such and the like Drawbacks and Bountks, as the like Articles being

+of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations are or may be subject or liable or entitled to, and all such Goods shall in every other respect be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, to which any such Articles being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the

British Plantations are or may be subject or liable to 5 any thing in

an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present J3 G. 3.0.104.

Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the Entry into Ireland for Home

Consumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique,

Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that any Sugar, Coffee or other Pm*ifo. Articles, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the said lstands, which have been or may be secured in Warehouses in Ireland, and on which the Home Consumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivered from any such Warehouse for Home Consumption on Payment of such and the like Duties of Cuiloms, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehouse shall be due and payable on the like Description of Goods of the Growth, production or Manufacture of the British Plantations.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue Continuance of in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Act. fifteen.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered. Ad altered* amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session

of Parliament.

ft

o

n

to

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PRICES of Brown or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations exported in the same State in which itwas imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being Ground or Powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called B iftards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined. Portion of DUTY to be paid on SUGAR the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, upon the Entry thereof from the Warehouse to be shipped for the Purpose of Exportation to any Place,except Great Britain.

Exported in a

British Ship. Foreign Ship.

If the Average Price of Brown'd or Muscovado Sugar pub- / lished in the London Ga- > xette shall not exceed 45s 1 the Cwt. - - J British Currency. - ' 196 British Currency.  '*1 14 6 British Currency.  ' d* ij Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt. British Currency,  '*006 056 British Currency.  ' 'd. Ol6 0 6 6

If it shall exceed 45 s. and not? exceed 58s. the Cwt. $ 196 196 2 10 I Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt. 006 056 Ol6 0 6 6

If it shall exceed 58s. and not ? exceed 60a. the Cwt. J i 7 6 1 7 6*5 8 Brown or Muscovado the Cwt White or Clayed the Cwt. 0 a 6 076 036 0 8 6

If it shall exceed 60s. and net ? exceed 62s. the Cwt. 3*5 6 1 5 6 1 199j Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt. 046 096 056 0 10 6

If it shall exceed 6 is. the Cwt. 1 3 6 136 I 15 4 j f 1 Brown or Muscovado the Cwt. j White or Clayed the Cwt. 066 0 11 6 0 7 6 0126

All the above Prices are to be taken in British Currency, exclusive of ilvi Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Import.ition of such Sugar.

O

o

o

OH

o

w

O

a

54 GEO- III.

C. IOI, 102.

47 S

CAP. CI.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Child Stealing.

[r8th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Practice of carrying away young Children, by forcible or fraudulent means, from their Parents or

other Persons having the Care and Charge or Ciillody of them, commonly called Child Stealing, has of late much prevailed and

increased: And Whereas no adequate Punishment is as yet provided by Law in England or Ireland for so heinous an Offence Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Personq, from and after the passing of this Act, shall maliciously, either by Force or Fraud, lead, take or carry away, or decoy or entice away, any Child under the Age of Ten Years, with Intent to deprive its Parent or Parents, or any other Person having the lawful Care or Charge of such Child of the Possession of -such Child, by concealing and detaining such Child from such Parent or Parents, or other Person or Persons having the lawful Care or Charge of it 5 or with Intent to Ileal any Article of Apparel or Ornament, or othtfr Thing of Value or Use, upon or about the Person of such Child, to whomsoever such Article may belong; or shall receive and harbour with any such Intent as aforesaid any such Child, knowing the same to have been so by Force or Fraud led, taken, or carried, or decoyed or enticed away as aforesaid; every such Person or Persons, and his, her and their Counsellors, Procurors, Aiders and Abettors, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, Puni foments and Forfeitures, as by the Laws now in force may be inflicted upon, or are incurred by Persons convicted of Grand Larceny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person who shall have claimed to be the Father of an illegitimate Child, or to have any Right or Title in Law to the Possession of such Child, on account of his getting Possession of such Child, or taking such Child out of the Possession of the Mother thereof, or other Person or Persons having the lawful Charge thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. CII.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

[x8th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White 1 Herring Fishery until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next

Se-

Persons offending again It Ad, fuhjed to Penalties usually inflicted on Persons guilty of Grand Larceny.

Not to affect Fathers of illegitimate Children.

Not to extend to Scotland.

48 G. 3. c. 120.

47 6 C. 102, 103. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Session of Parliament: And Whereas another Act was passed in the 51 G. 3. c.ioi.Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

AS for amending an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the British White Herring Fishery: And 5a G. 3. c. 153. 4 Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to reSify a 4 Mistake, and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

continued. the said Acts shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament; and that all Letters Patent, Rules, Regulations, Orders and Directions, granted, made or given under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, and in force at the time of passing this Act, shall be good and effectual, and remain and continue in force during the Continuance of this Act, or unless and until any of them shall be altered, varied or annulled, under any of the Powers or Authorities of the said Acts or this Act.

Cap. cm.

55 0.3. c. 135.

An Act to grant until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies/ and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported*.

[18th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India,

together with certain exclujtvc Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the feud Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Companyfs Charter: And Whereas it is necessary in order to carry the said Act into Efled, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, as far as respects that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, that Provisions and Regulations should be established, and that Duties should be imposed on Goods so imported into Ireland, whether by the said United Company, or by other Persons under the Authority of the said Act; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

477

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of Duties and

July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Con- Drawbacks spe-

tinuance of this Act, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected

and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1 upon Goods, J^cl psicU*

+Wares and Merchandize imported or brought into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), and there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.); and that the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all former Duties and Drawbacks upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes so imported under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of this Act, except only such Duties as shall be applicable or appropriated to any local Purposes by any Act or Acts by which the same are imposed respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that When any Do. any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain, granted or ties shall cease to made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act, or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of Duties shall cease such Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, to be payable in or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall Ireland, be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act, and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be repealed as aforesaid, in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland, at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly:

Provided always, that no such Reduction shall take place on any proviso.

Article mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which shall not under this Act pay a Duty in Ireland, equal in Amount to the Duty of Cuiloms and Excise payable on the like Article in Great Britain.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Mer- chandize legally imported into that Part of the United Kingdom ' called Great Britain^ from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of 1 England trading to the East Indies, should be allowed to be itn- ported into Ireland directly from Great Britain; Be it therefore Goods m>ported J enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thou- into c. B. im-sand eight hundred and fourteen, any such Goods, Wares or Mer- Prted from chandize, so imported as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall and may janece lnt0 r^" be imported directly from thence into any of those Ports in Ireland which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the safe Custody of such Goods; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Ireland, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Duties on Importation, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks on Exportation, as the like Articles would be subject

A.D. 1814.

C. ioj.

54 GEO. III.

Duties payable in British Currency,

Conl'olidated

Fund.

Duties nccording to Weight and Quantity, fcc.of Goods.

Goods secured in approved Ware-houses may afterwards b exported on Payment of Waie-housing Duties.

When Goods intended to be taken out of Warehouse (or Home Consumption, Entry shall be made with proper Officer, and Duty paid.

and liable to if imported directly into Ireland, from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall in every other respect be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Limitations and Conditions, and the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall and may be warehoused under the same Regulations, Securities and Conditions, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize would be subject and liable or entitled to if the same had been imported into Ireland, directly from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, except so far only as is otherwise directed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by this Act, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, and recovered and recoverable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that all and every the Duties by this Act imposed shall be carried to and made Part of jthe Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof, than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly inserted, described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (BA, in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quautityor Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchaser or Purchasers of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which having been imported from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in approved Warehouses, and on which Goods the Duties imposed by this Act, under the Description of Warehousing Duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), shall have been paid or secured, to export the same directly from any such Warehouse without Payment of any further Duty of Custoir.s or Excise whatever; subject nevertheless to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Securities directed and required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, as far as the same are applicable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Goods, Wares qr Merchandize imported as aforesaid (not being prohibited to be ufedor consumed in Ireland)> on which the Duties imposed by this Act, under the Description of Warehousing Duties, shall have been paid, shall intend to take the same out of the Warehouse w herein the same shall have been lodged' as aforesaid, in order to be used or consumed in Ireland, the Person or Persons so intending to take out any such Goods shall, before the same shall be so delivered from any such Warehouse, make a due Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize with the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Inland\ and pay down in ready Money to the Collector or other

479

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 103.

proper Officer or Officers of the said Customs, the fall Duties due and payable on such Goods, as the same are respectively described and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), under the Description of Home Consumption Duties, together with such Duties of Excise and other Duties as may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time the same shall be taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used or consumed in Ireland,

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Goods imported Goods, Wares or Merchandize, contained and specified in the Tables into Ireland

to this Act annexed, and which shall have been imported into Great fron\G B to Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter paired?iTT*bie granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading r if not ware-to the East Indies, shall at any time after the Fifth Day of July One housed; but if thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of warehoused, this Act, be imported into Ireland from Great Britain, it shall and Goods liable to may be lawful for the Importer of such Goods, Wares and Merchan- o/^xTueA0" dize to import such Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, upon Payment of the Duties mentioned and expressed in the Table (B.) to this Act annexed, without warehousing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and without the same being subject to the Duties mentioned in Table (A.) to this Act annexed: Provided always, that if any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported into Ireland, and shall be secured in Warehouses, that then such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the Duties mentioned, specified and contained in the said Table (A.)

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several In what case Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of Drawbacks in certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the same are respectively Tall, e B*not1* described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, owed# marked (B.), shall not be paid or allowed, unless such Goods {ball

be exported or shipped for the Purpose of Exportation within Twelve Calendar Months from the Day on which the Home Consumption Duty shall have been paid thereon.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Proviso for Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or 39 & 4 G- 3* alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of c-67*

Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act 40 (*)

or Acts in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July c'3

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods,

Ware3 or Merchandize imported into Ireland from Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain (other than and except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall have been imported into Great Britain from any Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said East India Company ), are made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs, whether Countervailing or other, or by which any Drawback or Bounties are allowed or given, in respect of any such Goods,

Wires or Merchandize.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Proviso for

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter former Attsre-

or latine to Dutivs

r of Excile.

4$o

Good* not imported or exported contrary tp former Acts, except where othei wile provided.

A<5U for fccur-ing Revenue, &c. to extend to A U

Duty on Sugar regulated by Average Price* of Brown or Muscovado Sugar.

C. 103. j4 GEO. III. A.D. 1? 14.

or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on pr immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which Duties of Excise are imposedop any Article imported or brought into or used or consumed in Ireland: ,: pr by which any Securities, Rules, Regulations or Restrictions, are j made qr provided for the securing any of the Duties of Excise 5 but tKa4 the same shall remain in full Force and Effect, as if this Act hid not been made.,

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extendi to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever to be imported into or exported from Ireland, in any way or manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force within Ireland* on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except in any case where Provision is expressly made qr that Purpose by this Act, or by the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Act 9f Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or directed, for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Cudoms, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Ireland, or the bringing or carrying Coadwife, or from y Port to Port within Ireland* or the entering, landing or Hupping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Frovlfens, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and L Effect, and shall he applied to the subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever in the publication of the Dublin Gazette* containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Four Months preceding the Fird Wednesday in January* or preceding the Fird Weduefdaj in May* or preceding the Fird Wednesday in September* in every Year, as ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Qrcet Britain and inserted in the London Gazette* it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Four Months in England shall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such case One Shilling in the Hub-dred Weight, Part of the Duty on East India Sugar, wippfed Table (B.l annexed to this Act, shall be suspended until a Notice of a new Average Price shall be published in manner aforesaid \ tad if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty, shall be suspended, and in like manner, if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspendecl; if such

Average

540 Geo. nr.

C. 103.

481

Average Price shall exceed Sixty four Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Five Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended 5 it such Average Price shall exceed Sixty five Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Six Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price (hiR exceed Sixty six Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven Stuffings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended 5 if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty eight Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended 5 and if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty, shall be suspended.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any time Treasury may during the Continuance of the additional Duty of Twenty five fafpendPayment Pbunas per Cent. imposed by this Act, the Lord High Treasurer or of cfrttin*ro* Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland shall be authorized under su jr

and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present o 3. c. 6i. Majesty*8 Reign, for granting to His Majesty until the Twenty ninth 6.

Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, to suspend the Payment of One, Two Or Three Shillings, Part of the Duty on Brown or Muscovado Sugar, in the manner and according to the Proportions in the said Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby required in like manner and in like Proportions to suspend the Payment of One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings on every Hundred Weight of East India Sugar imported into Ireland, Part of the said Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Cent. additional on such Sugar under this Act.

XVI. And Whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Expartition of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July Bounty allowed One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be paid and n Exportation allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of any Refined Sugar, the of Refiiwd Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom, produced from Sugar imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter son, gift granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading indies, to the East Indies, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation from Ireland of the like Sort or Descriptkm of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar, imported from the British Plantations in America, subject in every respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and For-festures, now by Law practised and applied with respect to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar.

54 GEO. III. 1 i XVII. And

A.D. 1814.

48 z

[Drawback allowed on Exportation of Sugar that has paid Duty.

How Value of Goods afrertained, where Duties are charged on Value.

46 G j. c. 87.

45 G. 3. c. 18.

Goods imported secured in Ware-houses approved by Commissioners of Customs.

C. 103. 54 GEO. III.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on the due Exportation from Ireland of any Sugar, on which the Home Consumption Duty imposed by this. A & shall have been paid, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be entitled to such and the like Drawbacks, as shall be allowed at the time of such Exportation on Brown or Muscovado Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations exported from Ireland: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to impose any Duty on such Sugar, when taken out of the Warehouse for Exportation only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, which shall be imported into any Port of Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act more esse finally to regulate the Col lefiion of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, and by an Act or A As in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto; and that the Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, and the Price of all Teas so imported, shall be ascertained in like Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, restrictions and Conditions, as are mentioned and contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, so far as relates to the better ascertaining the Prices of Teas, and the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Ireland, from Great Britain, and which had been imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, into any of the Ports in Ireland, which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the Purpose of such Importation under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, either by the said United Company or by any Person or Persons so trading under the Authority of the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament and of this present A A, shall be lodged and secured in Warehouses approvedby the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three

or

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 103. 483

or more of them, for the time being subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provisions directed and required by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 48 G. 3. c. 32. An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paidf or by any other Act (a) or Acts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the said Act in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. (a) [See$oG, $. r.38.]

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing con- Duties pai l pre-tained in the said last recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of vlfp ^D!'vcr^ His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament Warehouse.0 made for amending or explaining the said Act, shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused as aforesaid, from the Payment of the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, or any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the same are respectively described and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), under the Head of Warehousing Duties: which Duties shall and may be paid at any time previous to the Delivery of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from such Warehouse, either for the Purpose of Exportation or Home Consumption.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Arts for*pro- in this Act or in the hereinbefore recited Act passed in the last Se Hiiting.Uie of fion of Parliament, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, he'"

vary or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or imme- i., nd to remal-; diately before the patting of this Act, for prohibiting the Consump- in force, tion or Use of any Foreign Manufacture within Ireland; but that all and singular the said Acts, and the Provisions, Penalties and Regulations therein contained respectively, shall remain and continue of the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act and the said before recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament had not been made 5 any thing contained in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And Whereas it is necessary for the Security of the Regulations of-

Public Revenue, that additional Regulations Should be established7^.3. (1.)

with respect to Manifests directed to be brought by Matters of Ships exce^where* 1

or Vessels arriving in Ireland from any Port or Place within the altered by Act.

Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, from His Majesty's Settlement

of the Cape of Good Hopey the Territories and Dependences thereof, or from the Island of Saint Helena; Be it therefore enacted.

That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects arriving in Ireland from any of the Places afore mentioned, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests as described and directed by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Mankfejls, and for more esse dually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Drawbacks and Bounties, and in the clandestine Relanding of Goods, and shall produce and deliver such Manifest or Manifests in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act; and that all the Rul6s,

Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures required and

I i 2 dyrested

484

Description of Manifest delivered in Ireland.

*7 G-3. (t) c. 28.

Alterations of Stowage of Goods noted in Log Book, and in Supplementary Man if eft.

Manifest of Goods laden bow delivered and authenticated.

Oath.

Duplicate.

C. 103. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

directed by the (kid recited Act shall remain tn force, and be applied to the Purposes of this present Act, as far as they relate or nay be applicable thereto, except where any of the fend Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures are repealed or in any wifi altered by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after tbs said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, ho Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into Ireland from any of the Ports or Places before mentioned, ft any Ship or Vessel whatever belonging in the Whole or in Part t6 His Majesty's Subjects, unless the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel ropcc-tively, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests in Writing, signed by such Master, and containing the Particulars described and set forth in the said recited Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and which Manifest or Manifesti shall also contain the Name or Names (if the same shall be known) of the Person to whom any such Goods shall be con signed, the tins when, and the Place where any such Goods shall have been taken otr board, and distinguishing in every such Manifest the GoodB which are (towed in the Hold from those which are (towed in other Parts of the Ship.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ah Alterations which shall, after the completing of any such Manifest, be made in the Stowage of any Ship or Vessel, by the Removal of any Goods from the Hold to any other Part of the Ship, or from any other Part of the Vessel to the Hold, or from any one Deck of the Vessel to any other Deck, shall be registered on the Day of such Removal ft the Log Book or Journal kept by the Master of the Vessel, and also in a supplementary Manifest which shall be kept for the Purpose of registering any such Alterations in the Stowage of Goods by any such Removals as aforesaid, and every such supplementary Manifest shall be attached to and kept with the original Manifest to which it refers.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Ship or Vessel shall dear or depart from the Port or Place wherein the Lading or any Part thereof shall have been taken on board, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel shall prepare and deliver a Manifest in Writing as hereinbefore required, to the Officer who shall or may be appointed by the Governor, or by the Person or Persons exercising the Powers and Authorities of Government, of any such Settlement or Place; and such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall verify upon Oath the Truth of the Contents of the said Manifest before the said Officer so appointed (which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer); and such Officer shall also cause a Duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and shall indorse upon the Original Manifest his Name, with the Day and Year on which the same was produced to him, which said Original Manifest shall then be returned to the said Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel on or before the Clearing or Departure of any such Ship or Vessel $ and such Officer so appointed as aforesaid shall, by the first Opportunity other than by the wfrbe Ship or Vessel, transmit the fiud Duplicate of such Manifest so made as

S

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 103.

before directed, under hit Hand and Shal, to the Commissionert of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Lifts of Mark* Person who shall ship any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board tnd Numbers of any such Ship or Vessel, shall at the time of such Shipment deliver Plages deli-to the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com- ?Goodl mand of such Ship or Vessd, a true and exabl List in Writing, P

hgned with the Name of the Person so shipping any such Goods,

Ware* or Merchandize, describing therein the particular Marks and Numbers of the several Packages; and such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall insert in the Manifest of such Ship or Vessel the Particulars contained in such Lift, and shall annex such Original Lift to the Duplicate of the Manifest hereinbefore described and required to be transmkted to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Dudes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That m case the Matter or Manifest of

Whole or any Pajt of the Cargo shall have been first taken on jn^ix^urt

board, shall proceed in such Ship or Vessel to any other Port or Cated.

Place hereinbefore described, and there discharge any Part of the Cargo so taken on board, then and in such case the Officer so appointed as aforesaid shall indorse upon the Manifest containing the Part of the Cargo so discharged, an accurate Particular by Numbers, Marks and Descriptions of the Part of the Cargo so discharged, and shall verify the same, and make out and tranunit a Duplicate of such Indorsement as required in cases of Manifest; and in <afe any such Matter or other Person aforesaid shall at such or any other Port or Place take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the said Matter shall before his Clearance or Departure from any such Port or Place prepare and deliver to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, an additional Additional Manifest, containing such and the like Particulars of the Goods, Manifest. Wares and Merchandize there taken on board, in every respect as is hereinbefore directed and prescribed, and such additional Manifest shall be authenticated, and the Duplicate thereof transmitted in such and the like manner in every respect as hereinbefore is directed and required-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel Manifest of in the Course of the Homeward Voyage, shall touch either at His G, ods dipped Majesty* Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Island of md

Saint Helena, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the cfs^nt Helena, Charge or Command thereof, shall produce and deliver to the how delivered Officers who may be appointed as aforesaid, all and every the Origi- and authemi-nal Manifest or Manifests so authenticated as aforesaid, and shall again cated< verify on Oath before the said Officer the Truth of the Manifest or Manifests; and the Officer who may be appointed to authenticate such Manifest or Manifests at the hud Settlement of the of

or the said Island of Saint Helena, shall, upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel, immediately transmit a Duplicate Duplicate, of such Manifest or Manifests to the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland: Provided always, that in every case wherein Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been taken on board either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the

O i, rr t__ _ C______ w _ r. t rV. _ 1 nr____Spnarar*

Island of Saintx Helena* a separate Manifest for such Goods, Wares Separate

: t ? _ Manifest

*1'*1

3

gle

Original Manifest delivered at any Portt which Vesslls may hill touch.

Consuls at Foreign Ports to perform Duties of O.T.cers.

Goods brought into G. B. without Manifest required, forfeited.

IO3.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

and Merchandize shall be produced, and delivered to and authenticated by the said Officer, and Duplicates by him transmitted in such and the like manner in every respect as is hereinbefore directed and re* quired with respect to Manifests.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel so tracting, shall not intend in the Course of the Homeward Voyage to touch either at His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or at the I (land of Saint Helena, or in case any such Master or other Person as aforesaid of any such Ship or Vessel which shall touch either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Island of Saint Helena, shall afterwards on the Voyage to Ireland touch at any other Port or Place, then and in every such case the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command cf any such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Port or Place from whence he shall clear or take his Departure for Ireland, deliver each and every such Original Manifests, duly authenticated as required by this Act, to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same; and every such Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and the Officer so appointed as aforesaid at any such Port or Place to receive and authenticate the Manifest or Manifests so to be delivered by the Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, shall proceed in every respect as in this Act is directed with regard to the Master or Officer so appointed, in the case of Ships or Vessels which in the Homeward Voyage shall touch at or depart from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or the Island of Saint Helena.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Port or Place where any such Ship or Vessel shall clear or take her Departure for Ireland shall not be under the British Government, then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the British Consul resident at any such Port or Place to do and perform every Matter, Act or Thing directed by this Act to be done or performed by the Officer so appointed as aforesaid; and such British Consul is hereby authorized and required to receive from the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel so arriving, the Manifest or Manifests required by this Act to be delivered by such Master or other Person 5 and such Consul is also authorized and required to administer the Oath so directed to be taken, and to authenticate such Manifest or Manifests, to transmit Duplicates thereof, and to perform every Act, Matter or Thing respecting Manifests required by this Act to be done or performed by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid at any other Port or Place.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of dpril One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from His Majesty's Settlement at the Cape of GoodHope9 its Territories or Dependencies, or from the Island of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place as aforesaid from whence the Ship or Vessel shall have cleared or departed for Ireland, in any Ship of Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, without the Manifest or Manifests hereinbefore required, or shall not

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 103.

487

be included or described therein, or shall not agree therewith, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been included in the Report of such Ship or Vessel; and the Mailer or other Matters, $cc. Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship Imbuing, or Veil'd, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Package Penalty, which shall be so imported or brought into Ireland without the Mani-feil hereby required, or which shall not be included or inserted therein, or which shall not agree therewith.

XXXII. And Whereas by this Act certain Penalties are imposed on Masters of Ships or Vessels in which Goods shall be imported or brought into Ireland without the Manifell or Manifests

hereby required; Be it therefore enacted, That the Penalties im- Former Penal-posed by the before recited Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in ties on Marten the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the ot Ships iinj^it-Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of, nS Goods any Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His nifetbrepealed' Majesty's Subjects, in which any Goods shall be imported or brought G j. ^l.) into Ireland without the Manifest or Manifests required by the said c. 28. before recited Act, or which shall not be included or described therein, or shall not agree therewith, shall, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be repealed so far as the same relates to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, His Majesty's Settlement of the Case of Good Hopey its Territories or Dependencies, or the Island of Saint Helena.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Goods and Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and all Ships or Vessels which may Ships forfeited, be forfeited under any of the Provisions of this Act, may and shall be le, zed b? seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majesty's cets of Ships of War, or Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs 5 and that every Forfeiture incurred by this Act, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided for by this Act, may and shall respectively be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and by fuen and the like ways, means and methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respectively, the Revenue of Cul-toms or Port Duties in Ireland may now be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, in any of His Majesty's Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the case may happen to be.

XXXIV. And Whereas it is necessary that some further Provi- gj, wjtj, mor9

fion should be made to prevent the illegal Importation of Tea into than Six Pounds ' Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said of Tea on board. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, if any ^cept for snip s Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts and belonging wholly or f r-in Part to His Majesty's subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, other than and except such Ships or Vessels as shall belong to or are employed by the United Company of Merchants in England trading to the East Indies, shall be found on the High Seas, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits of the Charter granted to the said United

Comp*"'

488

C. 103.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Hatchet

fdcurtd.

[Penalty.]

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid. Penalties, kc. in British Currency.

14 k IS Car. 2. (I.) SdT. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 87.

44 G. 3. c. 106.

App: al.

Company, having on board any Tea exceeding Six Pounds so the whole, except Tea for the life of the Persons on board, not exceeding One Pound for each Person, then not only such Tea, together with the Packages containing the same, but also every such Ship or Vessel, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be frired by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Hatches or all Ships and Vessels arriving from any of the Ports or Places before mentioned, at or into any of the Ports of Ireland which shall have been or shall be declared fit and proper For such Importation, shall be secured under the joint Locks of the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel and of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and of the Excise, in cases where that Revenue is concerned, and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be opened on any account or Pretence whatever, but in the Presence of such Officers respectively j and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening any such Hatch or Hatches, after due Notice shall have been given him for that Purpose, every such Officer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, and all Drawbacks and Duties by this Act allowed and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being, and that all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Brfr tish Currency, and that all the said Dutes, Drawbacks, Bountis, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and mugging of the Duties of Customs, in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue effort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted / or in and by Two Acts made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the one intituled An Act more ejffcBually to regulate the GoUe&m of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon; and the other, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Irelastd relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, as fully and effectsally to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules and Directiona, Penalties and Forfeitures, were therein expressed and enacted, except eshr so far as the same are altered or repealed by this present Act j with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved or injured as in and by the said Acts* or any of them, is or may be provided.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 103. 489

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Limitation of Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons A^1008* for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit

shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County Or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere $ and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter Geatral {flue, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury should find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall nave Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Treble Costs, same, as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Costs by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Continuance of thing herein contained shall continue in force (except where any Act. special Continuation is directed by this Act) until the Tenth Day

of jdhril One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and no longer.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of Act altered, See. the Provisions thereof may be altered, amended or repealed by any

Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

as to England, c. 36. ante.]

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable ou certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Ireland from ome Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Persons authorized so to trade, on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being secured in Warehouses.

TABLE (A.)

WAREHOUSING DUTY.

Duly.

MUSLINS, plain 5 plain white Calicoes; Muslins or white Calicoes, flowered or ditched; plain white Dimity; Nanquin Cloths; and all Articles manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof - - - for every ^100. of the Value

Goods* Wares and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Ireland - - for every  100. of the Value

For the manner in which the Value of the before mentioned Goods shall be ascertained; and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are liable; See 45 Geo. III. Cap. 18. 46 Geo. III. Cap. 87. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Coffee

Indigo

Raw Silk;  viz.

- Bengal Raw Silk

- of any other Sort

- the cwt.

- the Jb.

the lb.

- the lb.

. s. 4

S 00 50c

C. 103.

S 4* CEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of Customs payable on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, having been imported into Ireland from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Persons authorized so to trade, and secured in Ware* houses, payable on the Delivery of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively from any such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland (not being prohibited to be so used or consumed), exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on warehousing any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

TABLE (B.) HOME CONSUMPTION DUTIES. Duty. Drawback.

ALMONDS viz.  Bitter - the cwt. '  : of any other Sort - - the cwt. Aloes;  viz. . s. d. 1 11 3 4 J5 0 . 4. d.

Socotorina - the lb. 026 

of any other Sort the lb. 013 

Alum ..... the cwt. 0176 

- Roch Alum the cwt. Amber;  viz. 0 11 8

the lb.  Rough ... the lb. 0 11 io\ 018

Ambergris the oz. Ammoniacum, Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus. Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus. Animi, Gum. See Gum. Anniseed. See Seed. Oil of See Oil. 050

Annotto the cwt. 200 

Aquafortis - - the cwt. Arabic Gum. See Gum. Arangoes or Arangoe Beads, 0 14 2

for every 100. of the Value Arrack. See Spirits. 3i 5 0

Arsenic - -.the cwt. 0 14 2

Afafcetida the lb. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment. 0 0 10  m

Balsam; viz. Artificial or Natural - the lb. Bamboo Canes. See Canes. 050 

Barilla - - - - the cwt. Bark;  viz.  Jesuits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus. not otherwise enumerated or described. - - if for Medicinal Use, 0 0

for every 100. of the Value 0 0 0

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

491

C. 103.

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

Bark; not otherwise enumerated or described, - if not for Medicinal Use, for every  100. of the Value .. j. d. . s. d.

25 0 0

Bdellium the lb. 0 0 10

Beads;  viz. Amber Beads. See Amber.  Arangoe Beads. See Arangoes. Coral Beads ... the lb. 05 ih

Crystal Beads - - the 1000 176 --

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value 62 10 0

Bpes Wax. See Wax. Benjamin - -.the lb. 018

Bezoar Stones - - the oz. 0 2 6

Books;  viz.  bound - the cwt. 6 10 0

unbound - - the cwt. 4 16 3

Borax;  viz. -- - refined - the lb. 018

unrefined, or tincal - - the lb. 0 0

Bottles of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials the Dozen Quarts # 2 076

Brandy. See Spirits. Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake Lac. See Lac in Gum. Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. Calicoesviz. for every ^100. of the Value 62 10 0

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes, which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Ireland, for every ioo. of the Value 45 0 0

for every  100. of the Value 32 10 0

Calve Skins. See Skins. Cambogium. See Gamboge. Camel Hair. See Hair. Camphire;  viz.  refined - the lb. Candles, of Wax - the lb. 021 0 1 3 026 III

Canes;  viz. Bamboo - - - the 1000 1 139_

- Rattans (not ground Rattans) - the iodo 1 13 9

492

C-103.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)  continued. L.   Duty. Drawback.

Canes;  viz.

- Reed Canes - the 1000

- Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted,

inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manufactured - for every X'ioo. of the Value ----- Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon's Blood, and other Walking Canes or

Sticks Cantharides Caps of Cotton Cardamoms Carmenia Wool,

Carmine Carpets;  viz.

- of Persia - - the Yard square

- of Turkey, under Yards square,

the Carpet

- 4 Yards square, and not ex-

the toooo - the lb.

for every j^ioo. of the Value - - the lb.

See Goats Hair in Hair.

the oz.

the Carpet

- exceeding 6 Yards square

the Carpet

Cafliew Gum. See Gum.

Cassia Buds - the lb.

- Fiftula - the lb.

- Lignea - the lb.

Callor, 0Oilof - J Se 0iL Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper. Chemical Oil. See Oil.

China Root

China Ware - for e^ Cinnabar. See Vermillion. Cinnabaris Nativa Cinnamon

- Oil of See Oil.

Cloves -

Oil of See Oil.

Cochineal

- Dust -

Cocoa Nuts -Coculu9 Indicus Coffee -

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. Colocynth. See Coloquintida. Coloquintida, or Colocynth Colours for Painters. See Painters Colours. Qolumbo Root Contrayenrx lapis.

- Radix.

See Bullion.

See Lapis.

t.

J e>  s: d.

1 6 3

62 IO V

0 0

0 3 4 62 10 o

0 2 1

O42

2 IO O

1 5 O

Sco

7 16 3

. t: -t

1 8

O IO

2 6

the lb. 0 1 3

: Value 125 0 0

the lb. 021

the lb. 026

the lb. 0 5

the lb. 0010

the lb. 0 0 2*

the lb. O 2 2f

the lb. 0 2 6

the lb. 1. 0 7i

the lb. 018

the lb. 0 t

- '

1 TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

Copal Guiti. See Gum. Copper;  viz. . x. d. . s. d.

- Ore - the cwt. 0 0 10 __

- Old, fit only to be reroanufactured - the cwt. - unwrought;  viz. - Copper in Bricks or Pigs* Rose Copper, and all cast Copper, 092

the cwt. - - Copper in Plates and Copper 092 

Coin, - the cwt. part wrought; viz.  Bars, Rods or Ingots,  15  

hammered or raised - - the cwt.  - Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or defenbed. Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, X II 3

for every 100. of the Value Coral;  viz.  Beads. See Beads. 62 10 0 "

in Fragments - the lb. 0 1 o\ 

whole polished - the lb. on 8 

- unpolifiied ... the lb. Coriander Seed. See Seed. 0 5 10 

Cortex Peruviamis, or Jesuits Bark - the lb. 021

Coftos - the lb. Cotton;  viz. -- Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described. 010 \

for every 100. of the Value -- Thread. See Thread.  Wool. See Wool. Yam. See Yarn. 62 10 0

Cowries - - for every jCioo. of the Value Crystal Beads. See Beads. 31 5 0 

Cubebs -.- - the lb. Cummin Seed. See Seed. Dyagrzdium. See Scammony. Diamonds  Duty-free. ' Dimity;  viz. -  Plain White Dimity, 0 0 10

for every 100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on such of the said Dimity, which shall have been printed, stained, painted or dyed in Ireland, for every 100. of the Value Dog Skins. See Skins. 62 10 0 45 0 0

Drawings, coloured - each, 0 39 

- plain - - each' 0 1 io^,

C. 103

54" Geo. nr.

A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

Drugs, on which specihc Duties are payable according to the Quantity. See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course.  manufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, . t. d.

for every 100. of the Value  - unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with 6110 0

Duty - for every 100. of the Value Earthenware. See China. Ebony. See Wood. Elemi Gum. See Gum. O O O

Elephants Teeth - the cwt. Elk Skins. See Skins. Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), O O

for every .100. of the Value Feathers;  viz. Ostrich Feathers, dressed - the lb. 15 12 6 215 0

- undressed - the lb. of any other Sort, 0 16 '8 

for every iook of the Value 50 0 0

Flax, rough or undressed - - the cwt. Forest Seed. See Seed. Furs. See Skins. 005

Galanga - - - the lb. 005

Galbanum - - the lb. 01 3 

Galls - the cwt. on 8 

Gamboge - - - - the lb. Garden Seed. See Seed. Garnet;  viz. cut - the lb. rough - the lb. Gem Sal. See Sal. Geneva. See Spirits. 018 1 10 0 0 10 0 

Ginger - - - the cwt. 126 

preserved*- - the lb. 0 3 i\ 

Ginseng.- - the lb. Glass;  viz. Bottles. See Bottles. 01

broken, fit only to be remanufactured - the cwt.  rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glass., 0 3 '1

for every .100. of the Value I - - - - And besides for every Foot superficial 112 10 0

Measure - - O 3

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 103.

495

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

Glass 5  viz. Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or . /. d. . s. d.

described, for every  100. of the Value 112 10 0

- Paintings on Glass, for every ^100. of the Value Goat Hair. See Hair.*Gold Coin. See Bullion. Plate. See Plate. 62 10 0

Granilla - the lb. Gum;  viz.90 5 

Ammoniaxus - - the lb. O 1 3 -

- Animi - - - the lb. O 0 10

Arabic - the cwt. O 11 8 T

Calhew - - the ewt. O 7 6

Copal - - - the lb. O 1 8

Elemi - - the lb. Juniper. See Gum Sandrake. Lac 5  viz. O 0 74

- Cake Lac - - - the lb. O 0 5

- Shellac, or Seed Lac - the lb. O 0

- Stick Lac - - - the cwt. O 7 11

Opoponax - the lb. O 39 

- Sagapenum - the lb. O 0 10 

Sandrake or Juniper - - the cwt. O 139_

Sarcocolla - - - the lb. O 0 10

- Senega - - - the cwt. O 11 8

Tragacanth - - the lb. not otherwise enumerated or described, O 1 3 

for every jioo. of the Value Hair;  viz. 5 0 0 1

Camel ... the lb. 0 1 8 

- Goat, or Carmenia Wool - the lb. 0 0 5

Human - the lb.,  Articles manufactured of Hair, or any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or de- 0 5 0

scribed - for every 100. of the Value Hemp, rough or undreffect, or any other vegetable Subilance of the nature and quality of Undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same purposes. 62 10 0

the Ton containing 20 cwt. Hides;  viz.  Buffalo, Bull, CoworOx, not in the Hair, tan- 0 7 11

ned, tawed or in any way dressed - the Hide - - - tanned, and not otherwise dreffect, 0 0 10 

the lb. Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not 0 1 04 

tanned or in any way dressed - the Hide - - - tanned and not otherwise dreffect, 0 0 10 

the lb. 1  1 or Pieces of Hides, raw or undreffect, not par- 0 1 

49<5

C. 103.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Table B.  continued.

ticularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every 100. of the Value Hides, or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed or in any way dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every jioo. of the Value

Horns 5  viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Horns - the 100

" manufactured - for every  100. of the Value

- unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or described - for every jioo. of the Value Horses, Mares or Geldings each

Human Hkir. See Hair.

Huffe Skins. See Skins.

Japanned Ware - for every .100. of the Value Jeluits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jewels. See Emeralds.

Indigo - - - the lb.

Iris Root. See Orrice.

Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk.

Lac. See Gum.

Lacquered Ware - for every 100. of the Value Lambs' Wool. See Sheep's Wool in Wool.

Lapis;  viz.

- Calaminaris - - the cwt.

- Contraycrvse - the oz.

- Lazuli ... the lb.

- 1 Tuti* - - the lb.

Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.

Lead 5  viz.

- White Lead - /

Leopard Skins. See Skins. Linleed, Oil of See Oil. Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Mace

- Oil of See Oil.

Madder Root

Mangoes -

Manna

Maps

Martin Skins. See Skins. Maffickviz.

- Red

- 111 of any other Sort

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- the cwt. the Gallon the lb. the Piece

the lb. the lb.

Duty.

d.

31 5

62 10 o

o

62

*1

5

10

5

11

62 10 o 002$

62 to o

084

O 2 I

0 3 4

O 0 7i

O 10 o

Drawback.

d.

o 9

o

o

o

o

o

o

j^<D< 1.914.

j4 GEO. III. C. 103

497

f, i TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

 i. d. . x. d.

MelaflTes - - - the cwt. 076

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough the lb. 0 0 10

Muflc - - - - the 0z. 050

Muslins;  viz.

- plain - for every jioo. of the Value 32 10 0

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Muslins

' which shall have been printed, painted,

stained or dyed in Ireland,

for every 100. of the Value  20 0 0

- flowered or Hitched,

for every ioo. of the Value 32 10 0

Mvrobalanes;  viz.

- candied - - the lb. 0 0 10.

dryed - - the cwt. 0 11 8

Myrrh - - the lb. 018 

Nankin Cloths - for every j?ioo. of the Value 32 10 0

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Nankin Cloths,

which shall have been printed, painted., j

stained or dyed in Ireland,

for every jioo. of the Value  20 0 0

Nutmegs - - - the lb. 0 5 5-

Oil of See Oil. \ v

Nux Vomica - - - the lb. 0 1 3 

Oil}  viz.

of Anniseed ... the lb. 0 3 9

- of Cajaputa the oz. 0 2 6 1

of Cassia - the oz. 026

- of Castor - - the lb. 0. I 3

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de- 

scribed - for every 100. of the Value 62 10 0

of Cinnamon - the oz. 050 i.i

of Cloves - - the oz. 018 .; 1

of Lirifeed - the Tun, containing 25a Gallons 33 5 0 V 

of Mace - - the oz. 021 J

of Nutmegs - - the oz. 02 j

of Turpentine - - the lb.0 ih

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100. of the Value 62 JO 0  t: j

Oker - - - the cwt. 0 $ 8.\ 

Olibanum - - the cwt. 27 6 - 1 '

Optnm - - - the lb. 089 t

Opoponax Gum. See Gum. >.- - V.

Orange Flower Water - the Gallon 034

Ore;  vjz. - j /

Copper. See Copper.

- Golfl 01 Silver. Sec Bullion.

54 Gboi 111. K k

TABLE (B.) 

Duty.

Drawback.

Orpiment, or Auripigmentum Orrice, or I rig Root -Oitrich Feathers. See Feathers.

the cwt. the cwt.

Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described - - the lb.

Paintings on Glass. See Glass.

Paperviz.

- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith,

the lb.

Printed, painted or Rained Paper, or Paper Hangings - - the Yard square

-- of any other Sort, not particularly enume-

rated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - the lb.

Pearls - - for every tfioo. of the Value

Pepper - - the lb.

Cayenne Long Pepper

- the lb.

m - - the lb.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described - - the Gallon

Pictures 5  viz.

- under 2 Feet square - - the Picture

- of 2 Fee^ square, and under Feet square,

the Picture

- of Feet square, or upwards the Picture

Plate viz.

- Battered, fit only to be remanufactured. See Bullion.

- of Gold - - the oz. Troy

- of Silver, gilt - the oz. Troy

1 - - - Part gilt - the oz. Troy

- ungilt - - the oz. Troy

Precious Stones. See Emeralds.

Prints;  viz.

- Paper Prints, plain - - the Piece

- coloured,

for every 100. of the Value

Quickfilter

Radix Contrayervae Rattans. See Canes. Red Wood. See Wood. Reed Canes. See Canes. Rhubarb -Rice -

- the lb.

- the lb.

the lb. the cwt.

 1. d. I 10 o i 10 o

OOIO

. s. d.

o o 10

o I 3

o

5

o

o

o

o

3

1 8

0 o

1 io

5

o 10

5 0

6 8

<513 4

10 o o

3 5 o 063 o 5 10 0 4 4i

Ol8

62 IO o 018 018

oil

076

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C* 103* 499

1 TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

Roch Alum. See Alum. Rose Wood. See Wood. Rubies. See Emeralds. Rum. See Spirits. . /. d. . S. d.

Safflower - ... the cwt. 089

Saffron - - the lb. Sagapenum Gum. See Gum. 076 -

Sago, or Sago Powder - - - the lb. Sago Powder. See Sago. Sal;  viz. O O

Ammoniacus - - - the lb. OO5 

- Gem - the cwt. 076 

Salep or Salop - - - the lb. O I 3 

Saltpetre the cwt. Sandrake Gum. See Gum. OO5

Sanguis Draconis - - the lb. Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum. Saunders;  viz.  Red - - the cwt. Ol8 0 4 2 O 0 IO 

Scammony - - the lb. 068 

Sea Cow, Sea Horse or Sea Morse Teeth - the lb. Seal Skins. See Skins. Seed;  viz. Ol8

Anniseed - - the cwt. 2 $ 0 

Coriander Seed - the cwt. 09+4 

Cummin Seed - the cwt. 0 15 7l i

Forelb Seed - for every ioo. of the Value Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or de- 3 5  "

scribed, - - the lb. 0 0 7i 

Worm Seed - - the lb. not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, 013

for every ioo. of the Value Seed Lac. See Lac in Gum. 31 5

Senna - - - the lb. Senega Gum. See Gum. Shawls manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof,3

for every  100. of the Value Sheeps Wool. See Wool. Shellac. See Lac in Gum. Silk, the lb. of 16 Ounces; viz. 62 IO O

- Knubs or Hulks of Silk - - the lb.  Raw Silk;  viz. 0 2 0

- Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb. 0 2 0 

- of any other Sort - - the lb. 0 2 8

1  Wafbe Silk --the lb. Kfe 2 0 2 0

500 C. 103. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

. 1. d. . s. d.

Silver Coin, Foreign. See Bullion.

- Plate. See Plate.

Skins 5  viz.

- Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in

any way dreffect, the Dozen Skins 021 

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in

any way dreffect, the Dozen Skins 0 0 10

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in

any way dreffect, - the Skin 0 1 of

HufTe Skins undressed - - the Skin 005 -

Leopard Skins undressed - - the Skin 0 10 0

- Martin Skins undressed - - the Skin 013

Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or

in any way dressed, - the Skin O O 2\

Squirrel Skins undressed - the 100 Skins 0 II 8

- Tyger Skins undressed - - the Skin O IO O

Skins and Furs, or pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or

undreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every ioo. of the Value 31 5

Skins and Furs, or pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned,

tawed or in any way dreffect, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every 100. of the Value 6 2 10 0 

Snuff - - - the lb. 030 

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spikenard -.the lb. 0 2 11 

Spirits viz.

Arrack - - the Gallon 0 13 7 __

- Brandy - - the Gallon 0 13 7 

- Geneva - - the Gallon 0 13 7 

Rum - - - the Gallon 0 10 1

- i the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of

Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies,

the Gallon 0 10 1 

Squills - - the cwt. 050 

Squinianthum - the lb. 0 10 

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.'

Stick Lac. See Lac #'*Gum.

Stockings of Cotton - for every 100, of the Value 62 10 0 

Storax viz.

013 

in the Tear or Gum - - the lb. 0 8 4 

Succades - - the lb. 0 3

Sugar - - - the cwt. 200 

For the Conditions under which a Portion of the Duties on Sugar may be suspended according to the Average Price 01 Sugar as

published in the London Gazette, when

such Price shall exceed the Sum of 60/.

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

the cwt. 5  See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed. For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorized to suspend, according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either is. in the cwt. 2s. in the cwt, or 3/. in the cwt. $  See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 62, and the Act to which this Schedule is annexed. Sugar Candy;  viz.  Brown - the cwt. White ... the cwt.  /. d. 5 12 5 900 . 5. d.

Talc - - - the lb. 0 0 7I

Tamarinds - - the lb. Tea, imported from Great Britain, 0 0 

for every ioo. of the Value Teake Wood. See Wood. 96 0 

Terra Japonica - - the lb. Thread; viz. Cotton Thread, 0 0 10 

for every 100. of the Value Tincal. See Borax unrefined. 62 10 0 

Tobacco - - the 100 lbs.  Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption or Manufacture in Ireland, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, into Short Cut Tobacco, Snag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco or 3 16 6}

Carrot Tobacco, and exported the lb. And besides, for every lb. of such Car- 006

rot Tobacco Tobacco is also subject to a Duty of Excise. Tortoise Shell;  viz. OOI

for every 100. of the Value rough, and unmanufactured the lb. Tragacanth Gum. See Gum. 62 10 0 0 3 ni 

Turbith - - the lb. 026 

Turmeric - - the lb. Turpentine, Oil of See Oil. Tutia; Lapis. See Lapis. Tyger Skins. See Skins. 0 0 71

Vermicelli - - the lb. 0 7* 

Vermillion or Cinnabar - - the lb. Walking Canes.^Walking Sticks. > See Canes. Wanghee Sticks. J K k t 5 GOO 021 gle

5<52

C. 103.

34 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)  continued., 'Duty. Drawback.

Wax;  viz. . s. d. 8. d.

- Bees Wax, unmanufactured - the cwt. <t c 0

White or manufactured - - the cwt. Candles. See Caudles. WINES viz.  French Wine imported in a British-built Ship, 0 j 696

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  - not imported in a British-built Ship, 135 12 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, 139 13 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons  - exported to any other Place,  12 6 3 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons German Wine. See Rhenish Wine. -  - - Hungary Wine. See Rhenish Wine.  1 Madeira Wine imported in a British-built Ship, (21 40

the T un containing 252 Gallons  - - not imported in a British-built Ship, O M O 0 

the Tun containing 252 Gallons Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, s 0 0

the Tun containing 2 5 2 G allons  84 0 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons 80 17 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons hi 6 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South 115 10 0

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 103.

503

TABLE (B.)  Duty. Drawback.

/ WINES, Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary, continued. <. x. d. . t. d.

/ America, or to any of the Terri-f tories of the United States of \ America, 1 the Tun containing 252 Gallons 1 01 17 0

1 the Tun containing 252 Gallons 96 12 0

of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons  - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 29 8 0

3090

Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 0 CO W

- exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 27 6 0

wife enumerated or described, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 90 6 Q

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 9390

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal

in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of

America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons 84 O O

the Tun containing 252 Gallons 80 17 O

Wood;  viz.  " Ebony - - the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 826

- Red Wood - the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 1 17 6 

- 1 Rose Wood - - the cwt. 250 

- 1 Teake Wood, 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic feet x 10 5 

Wool}  viz.

- Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair in Hair.

- Cotton - - the 100 lbs. 0 16 11

- Cotton Wool, Articles manufactured of, or any Mixture thereof, not Kk 4 1 (jOO^lc

C. 103* 104. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.)  continued. Duty. Drawback.

particularly enumerated or described, for ever)'-100. of the Value . s. d. 62 JO 0 . s. <L.

Wool, Lambs Wool. See Sheep9 Wool. Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool - the cwt. 0711

Worm Seed. See Seed. Yarn 5  viz. Cotton Yarn - - the lb. 0 0 10

Zedoaria - - the lb. 0 i 3 

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enume rated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland - for every .100. of the Value 62 10 0

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being either in part or w'holly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland - for every Jt 100. of the Value 3* 5 0

CAP. CIV.

An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland, for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made, and Bridges built, in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[18th July 1814.]

WHEREAS certain Roads and Bridges for the Purpose of

W Military Communication have been made, and hitherto maintained in the Highlands of Scotland, at the Public Expence; 4 which Roads and Bridges are no longer necessary for such Military Communication, but for other Purposes some of them ought nevertheless to be maintained in Repair: And Whereas an Act was patted

43 G. 3. c.So. 4n the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to he issued and applied towards making Roads and Building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a 4 Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And Whereas, in Addition to the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, the further Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds has at sundry

times

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

times been since granted, in further Execution of the said Act; by means of which many useful Roads and Bridges have been made and completed, and others are now in course of being made, under several Contrafts and Agreements entered into by the Commissioners and others, according to the Provisions and Regulations of the said

A#: And Whereas, another Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year 50 G. 3. c. 43 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges, whereby the Charge of keeping

in Repair such koads and Bridges was laid upon the several Counties wherein the said Roads and Bridges are situate; and by 1 the said Act divers Provisions were made for such Repairs, which Provisions have been found to be inadequate to the end proposed

And Whereas it is expedient to make new Regulations for the Maintenance and Repair of the Military Roads and Bridges and also of the Roads and Bridges made and completed, or which shall hereafter be made and completed, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges as aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[foG. 3. c. 43. repealed.]]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners appointed in and Appointrr.em of by virtue of the Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign Commissioners of His present Majesty, hereinbefore recited, shall be, and they are3 3* c 80.

hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, together with the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland, and the first Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue in England\ who are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act, and also the before mentioned Act into Execution; any Three of which Commissioners shall constitute a Quorum, of Quorum, which One of the Commissioners appointed by virtue 0? his Office shall always be one; and at all Meetings of the Commissioners, v which Meetings shall be held in London or Westminster, the Chairman shall have a casting Vote in case of an Equality of Votes. Calling Vote.

III. And Wh ereas it is expedient that the Maintenance and Repair of the Military Roads and Bridges, and also of the Roads and Bridges made under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges, should be placed under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners hereby appointed; Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Commissioners Act, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered may appoint to appoint and employ an Inspector of such Roads and Bridges in cers* Scotland as have been made wholly or in part at the Public Expence, and such other Superintendents or Overseers of Roads and other Officers, as they shall see fit; and to pay and allow to each and every Salary, of them such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, in Compensation of their Services.

C. 104. 505

506

C. 104.

A.D. 1814.

What Proportion of Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges paid by Public, and tv hat by Counties.

Commissioners to advance Money for immediate Repair of Roads ind Bridges.

Manner in which Military Roads maintained under Act.

[Proviso.]

54 GEO- III.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Military Roads and Bridges,

and also the Roads and Bridges made and completed pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be during the continuance of this Act maintained and kept in Repair as follows 5 that is to say, a certain Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence necessary to maintain and keep in Repair such Roads and Bridges (exclusive of the Allowances to the Inspector and other Officers, appointed by the Commissioners, which Allowances shall be wholly defrayed at the Expence of the Public), shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as herein after directed 5 and the Remainder of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair such Roads and Bridges, shall be paid and defrayed by the County or Counties in which the same shall be situated, in the manner herein after directed.

V. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, direct Estimates to be prepared of the Expence requisite for the Repair of the Roads and Bridges placed under their Direction and Management by virtue of this Act; and they are hereby authorized to employ proper Persons, or to enter into Contracts for the immediate Repair of the same; the Expence arising in consequence of so doing to be defrayed in the first Infltance, and by way of Advance, wholly out of the Monies to be imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Road or Portion of Road, made for the Purpose of Military Communication in Scotland\ shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Act, unless the Heritors of the County in which it is situated at some Annual Meeting for the Assessment of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some Special Adjournment of such Meeting or Head Court, shall agree to make Application to that Effect to the Commissioners appointed by this Act; at the same time undertaking to conform to the Provisions of the same during the Continuance thereof; which Undertaking shall be obligatory upon the Heritors of such County; whereupon the said Commissioners shall determine whether it is expedient and proper to consent to such Application 5 and such their Consent (if obtained) together with the previous Application and Undertaking, shall be notified by the Convener of the County, in the Newspapers usually circulated in the Highlands of Scotland, after which the Road or Portion of Road, respecting which such Application shall have been made, shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provisions of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that if any Person or Persons whatsoever, jointly or severally, shall make Application to the Commissioners, dating that such Person or Persons are willing to give and will find Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, to pay Three fourth Parts of the Expence necessary for the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Portion of Road made for the Purpose of Military Communication, and to conform to the Provisions of this Act, as far as the same shall be applicable to the circumstances of the case, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners thereupon to determine whether it is expedient or proper to consent to such Ap-

1 plication;

plication; and if the said Commissioners shall consent to such Appli-! cation, and such Security shall be found to their Satisfaction, the said Road or Portion of Road shall be maintained and kept in Repair I under the Provisions of this Act accordingly,

VII. And be it enacted, That every Boating Pier forming Part i of any Road, or the Termination of any Road made pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provisions of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no such Boating Pier and no Bridge erected pursuant to the said recited Act shall be rebuilt by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall have been included in the Contract entered into for making the Road of which such Boating Pier or Bridge forms a Part: And provided also, that the Sum which may be laid out in the Repair of any Boating Pier or any Bridge, or Road of Approach thereto, which is not allowed to be rebuilt by virtue of this Act (that is, any Boating Pier or Bridge, for the Erection of which a separate Contract shall have been made by the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds in any One Year, unless the Consent of the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have been obtained for the Expenditure of a larger Sum in such Year, under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Bridge directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act shall be situated partly in one County and partly in another, every such Bridge shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Act, at the joint Expence of such Counties, to the Extent required by this Act; and the Assessment hereby directed to be made shall be imposed accordingly.

IX. Provided further, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful, for the said Commissioners to alter, or cause or suffer to be altered, the Line of any Road which shall be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, unless such Alteration shall be made according to the Rules and Regulations of the above recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

X. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners to defray a Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges which are directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, until the same shall cease to be maintained at the Public Expence, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General and Paymaster of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of any Sum or Sums of Money specified therein not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to any Person duly authorized by the Commissioners to receive the same for the Purposes of this Act; and any Sum not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds in any One Year afterwards to be accounted for by him in such manner as the bid Barons shall from time to time think fit to order and

direct;

How Boating Piers and Bridges kept ut Repair,

Provision as to Bridges situated in Two Counties.

Line of Road not altered.

A Sum not exceeding 5>ooooL for present Year and 2, 5001. for every subsequent Year, issued to Commissioners, towards Repair of Roads and Bridges.

508 C. 104. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Commissioners of Supply shall aftel* for Purposes of Act.

46 G. 3* c, 6jt

[Proviso.]

direct; such Person also giving good and sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the said Barons, for such Monies and for any other Money which may come into his Hands in consequence of this Act.

XI. And, in order to raise the other Proportion, being Three Fourths of the Money so expended, be it enacted, That Assessments shall be made by the Commissioners of Supply in the manner herein directed; that is to say, the Convener of every County Meeting at the Annual Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply which shall take place for the Assessment of the Land Tax in the Spring of every Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall lay before the Commissioners of Supply a Copy of this Act, together with an Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act, and chargeable to such County for One Year, up to the First Day of January preceding such Meeting; such Account to be certified upon Oath, and transmitted to the Convener by the Inspector of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, or by the Agent of the Commissioners, at lead; One Month previous to the Twenty ninth Day of Aprilin each Year and the Commissioners of Supply shall thereupon make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Life Renter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the Dominium utile thereof, according to the Amount of their respective Rents and Profits, as assessed to the Property Tax in the Year ending the Fifth Day of April lad, under Schedule (A.), of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present Wary and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peaccy further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejfionsy Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provfions for collecting the said Duties, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of such County for the Purposes of this Act; which Sum shall be paid over to the Commissioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, from time to time as the same may have been collected and levied by the Collector, in Payment of Three Fourths of the Expence of the Repair of the Roads and Bridges of the said County during the preceding Year and, in order that the Commissioners of Supply may be enabled to make the Assessment required by this Act, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes are hereby directed, upon the Application of the Commissioners of Supply, to communicate to them an Account of the Amount to which every such Proprietor, Life Renter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the Dominium utile thereof, shall have been so assessed to the Property Tax: Provided always, that no County as such shall be assessed for Payment of the Expences incurred under this Act in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, nor in any subsequent Year, higher than the Rate of Three Halfpennies in the Pound upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid; and the Payment of the Money which shall be levied in consequence of such Assessment, according to the same Rules, and making the same Allowances as were made in the Collection of the Property Tax for the Year ending

the

59

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 104.

the Fifth of jlpril One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall accordingly be deemed and taken to be a Payment in full to the Commissioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, towards the Expences incurred in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any subsequent Year, in Execution of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, at the Annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, to appoint a fit Person to be a Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and such Officers as they shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this Act, with such Salaries or Allowances as such Commissioners of Supply shall think fit; for which Provision shall be made in the Amount ot each Assessment pursuant to this Act; and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others, in cases of Removal, Resignation or Death.

XIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That when, by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made or to be made, any Tolls or Duties shall be applicable, and where any Conversions for Statute Labour shall be allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge, made or built pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to any Road made for the Purposes of Military Communication, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties, or such Conversions, shall and may be applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applied by any such Act or Acts respectively; and such Monies shall be imputed in Part Payment of the Proportion of the Expence of such Repairs as is not to be borne by the said Commissioners; and in making any Assessment pursuant to this Act, regard shall be had to all such Monies which are or may be applicable to the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any such Assessment is to be made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if the Commissioners of Supply assembled at any Annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, shall fail or neglect to make an Assessment in the manner directed by this Act 5 or if no Meeting shall have been holden before which the Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act and chargeable to such County, shall nave been laid by the Convener in the manner directed by this Act, then the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, and they are hereby authorized to direct His Majesty's Advocate General for 1Scotland, to institute the necessary Process for compelling the said Commissioners to raise and pay over to the Inspector the Monies which shall be or shall become due to him under the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Assessment made pursuant to this Act shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the same manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commissioners of Supply shall direct, within Six Months after the Assessment shall have been made; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given, for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment, which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every fodi Collector shall find Security for his faithful and true accounting

for

Commissioner* of Supply may appoint Officers.

Application of Tolls, and Conversions for Sutute Labour.

Lord Advocate to institute Process against Commissioners of Supply, failing to aflefii County.

Assessment how levied.

Collectors to fiud Security.

5io

C. 104.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 18t4

Coll eft or neglecting to levy Assessmeny.

[Penalty.]

Assessment when levied how disposed of Collector, Allowance lo, for Trouble.

Assessments in County of Argyll how nade.

Assessment in Island of Arran.

Monies received by virtue of Assessment accounted for.

for ami paying all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Act, in the same manner that such Collector does for his faithful and true accounting and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Collector of the Land Tax.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Collector of the Land Tax shall fail or neglect to levy such Assessment or any Part of such Assessment within Six Months as aforesaid, every such Collector shall be liable to pay a Sum equal to double the Amount thereof; which Sum shall be applicable towards the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges under the Provisions of this Act, and for that Purpose shall be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by this Act; Three Fourths of the same to be placed to the Credit of the Account of the County wherein such Default of the Collector has taken place; One Fourth to be added to the Money imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money received by any such Collector pursuant to this Act, shall be remitted by him to the Agent of the Commissioners: Provided always, that every such Collector may retain for his own Use, out of all Monies to be so received as aforesaid, such Allowance, not exeeeding the Rate of Allowance made for levying the Assessed Taxes; and for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment over and above the Sum due to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XVIII. And Whereas it may be expedient in the County of

Argyll to make the Assessments directed by this Act upon certainDistricts of that County, instead of assessing the County at large

for the Expences to be incurred in the Execution thereof Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of the said County, at the Michaelmas Head Court which shall be holden next after the passing of this Act, to determine whether the Assess-rnent directed by this Act shall be made and levied upon particular Districts thereof, for the Maintenance and Repair of the Roads within such several Districts, or upon the County at large, in which case the Assessments directed by this Act shall be made and levied upon such Districts; but if no Determination shall take place at such Head Court, the Assessments shall be made and levied upon the County at large 5 and in either case the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County shall pay over to the Commissioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, in the manner and under the Penalty aforesaid, Three Fourth Parts of the Expence of the Repair of such Roads and Bridges in the said County, as shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provisions of this Act.

XIX. And Whereas Roads and Bridges have been made and

built in the Island of Arran in the County of Bute> pursuant t6

the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, but no such Road9 or Bridges have been

made or built in any other Part of the said County 5' Be it therefore enacted, That no Assessment directed to be made by this Act shall be made or levied in any Part of the County of Bute, excepting in the Island of Arran.

XX. And be it Racted, That all Monies paid over by such Collector to the Agent of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, by virtue of any Assessment to be made puriixant to this Act, 23 shall

shall be accounted for by such Agent in the manner in which the said Sums of Money directed to be imprested by the Warrant of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, or any other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in consequence of this A6\, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissioneri the Commissioners appointed by this Act, and they are hereby to make Rules empowered from time to time, to make such Rules and Regulations, 311 egu auoui* and to give such Orders and Directions as they may think proper,

for the more effectual Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired; provided that such Rules and Regulations, Orders and Directions, shall not be inconsistent with the Laws of Scotland, or with the Provisions of this Act, and shall be notified to the Person or Persons required to conform to the same.

XXII. And be it enacted, That on or before the Twenty fifth Commissioners Day of March in every Year, a Report shall be made to both report to Houses of Parliament, by the Commissioners appointed by this Act ar IJ, nenU (or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Twenty one Days after Parliament shall next meet), specifying their Proceedings pursuant to this Act 5 with a general Abstract of the Receipts and Expenditure in carrying this Act into Execution during the preceding Year: And where the Expenditure hereby directed to be Expenditure out defrayed out of the Monies paid into their Hands by Warrant of f Imprest Mo-the Barons of the Exchequer, shall exceed the Sum hereinbefore limited and appointed for that Purpose, the said Commissioners shall motioned6 Ac-further, at such times as they may find necessary, transmit an Account count transmit-thereof to the Lords of the Treasury, in order that the same may ted to Treasury. be laid before Parliament.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Inspectortnay

lawful for the Inspector of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, to

empower such Person or Persons as he in Writing under his Hand

shall appoint, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze,

Heath, Stones, Sand or other Materials out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, whether the same be inclosed or uninclosed (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, planted, set apart and used as Pleasure Ground, Plantation or Nunery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to tane to carry away the same, or so much thereof as the said Inspector or any Person appointed by him as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for repairing the Roads or Bridges directed to be repaired by this Act, giving at least Eight Days previous Notice in Writing, and paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of said Ground, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, carried away or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Inspector or any Person appointed by him as aforesaid, shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Oceu-frim, and the said Inspector or any Person appointed by him as aforesaid, touching such Damage, the same shall and may be determined by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, wherein fad1 Materials shall be situated, whose Decision shall be final, without

Injuring or oh-iirudting Hoads.

[Penalty.]

Order of Sheriff final.

Driving against Parapets, &c.

[Penalty.]

Order of Sheriff final.

out being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction; but any such Difference or Dispute shall not in the mean time hinder the carrying off or using the said Materials for repairing the said Roads or Bridges.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Inspector of Roads and Bridges, or any Person appointed by him, shall observe any Nuisances or Encroachments, Obstructions of Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses, or any other Annoyances, made* committed or permitted, in or upon or to the Prejudice of any of the Roads and Bridges to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, he shall give or cause to be given, to any Person or Persons doing, committing or permitting the same, personal Notice^ or Notice in Writing, to be left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions or Annoyances consist; and if the same shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses effectually cleansed and opened, within Seven Days after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, the said Inspector or the Person appointed by him, is hereby authorized and empowered forthwith to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses; and the Person neglecting to observe and obey the above mentioned Notice shall repay the Inspector, or the Person appointed by him, such Charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in Default of Payment thereof]! the same shall be levied and recovered with Expences of Process in a summary way, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed; which Sum shall be paid to the said Inspector, or the Person appointed by him, to be paid over to the Agent of the Commissioners, and to be applied by him in Diminution of the Assessment for repairing Roads and Bridges in such County in the next Year and in every such case the Order or Sentence of the Sheriff shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction.

XXV. And WThereas Drivers of Carts and Carriages wilfully or wantonly, or through culpable Negligence, may drive against or suffer such Carts and Carriages to strike against the retaining

Walls and Parapet Walls of the Roads or Bridges which are to be maintained and kept in Repair by the Provisions of this Act, or to pass over or strike against Banks of Causeways appertaining

to such Roads; Be it enacted, That every Person guilty of any such Offence shall, upon Complaint thereof before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, by the Oath of any one credible Witness, or upon View of the Sheriff himself, forfeit for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to any Person who shall make such Complaint as aforesaid 5 and in Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to Prison for any time not exceeding One Month, nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Sheriff, unless the same be sooner paid; and in every such case the Order or Sentence of the Sheriff shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction.

i

1* A

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 104, 105. 513

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Cominuagee of and take place, from and after the passing thereof, and shall have Continuance from thenceforward, to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in so far as concerns the Repair of Roads and Bridges; and further for the raising, levying and recovering of any Monies due to the Commissioners, until such Money shall have been duly paid into the Hands of them, or of their Agent, duly authorized to receive the same.

CAP. CV.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the East Indies.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to certain Duties and, y, Taxes heretofore imposed by the several Governments of*Fort William in Bengal, Madras, Bombay and Prince of Wales's 1 Island respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Duties of Customs and power of levy-other Taxes heretofore made or imposed, as well upon British ing Duties, &c. Subjects as Foreigners, and other Persons whomsoever, by the Orders by Government* or under the Authority of the Governor General in Council of Fort con'

William in Bengal, the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, the Governor in Council of Bombay, and the Governor in Council of Prince of Wales's Island, respectively, within the several Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the Town and Island of Bombay and Prince of Wales's Island, and upon all Persons whomsoever resident or being therein respectively, and in respect to all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever, also being therein respectively, and also upon all Persons whomsoever, whether British-born or Foreigners, resident or being in any Country or Place within the Authority of the said Governments respectively, and in respect of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever, being in any such Country or Place, and also all Orders and Regulations for the Imposition, levying, raifyig or recovering, any such Duties of Customs or other Taxes, or in any ways relating thereto, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, heretofore imposed or levied by or under the Authority of such Governor General in Council and Governors in Council respectively, for the Nonpayment of such Duties or Taxes, or for the Breach of any Laws or Regulations heretofore made by such Governor General in Council and Governors in Council respectively, respecting such Duties and Taxes, shall be and the same are hereby confirmed, and shall be deemed to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Orders,

Regulations and Usages, under which any such Duties, Taxes, Fines,

Penalties and Forfeitures have been imposed or levied, as fully and tffectually if as the same had been imposed and made respectively under the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- 53 G. 3. c. 155. ment, intituled Am A8 for continuing in the East India Company for a farther Term the PoJfcJJutn of the British Territories in India, to-54 GEO. III. L I gether

5*4

Order*, kc. to remain in force, and Pei tons in-Uerrnified.

[Proviso.]

3 c; -3 i'.2C.

41.

get her with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better /idmi-nistration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter; any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, and all Arrears of such Duties and Taxes may be demanded, levied, filed for and recovered, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of any such Rules and Regulations in relation to any such Duties and Taxes shall and may be sued for, recovered and enforced under the Provisions of the said recited Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been nnposed, made, incurred or arisen after the passing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Orders, Regulations, Usages, Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect until the same respectively shall be repealed, altered or varied, by any Orders or Regulations made and passed, or to be made and palied, under or by virtue of the hid recited Act 5 and all Persons who have been engaged or concerned in advising, passing, imposing, demanding, levying or recovering y such Orders, Regulations, Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and are hereby indemnified in respect thereof, and of all Proceedings and Acts had, done or taken under and according to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Orders, Regulation! or Usages; and all Actions and Suits whatsoever which have been or hereafter shall be commenced, sued or prosecuted, for or touching the Receipt, Collection or Imposition of any such Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, shall be and become absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, five and except for the Purpose of recovering any Costs which may have been incurred in any such Action, and which nath been or may be awarded to be paid by any Party thereto: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to confirm any Ad or Proceeding, or to indemnify any Person or Persons in respect of any Ad or Proceeding, done without the Authority or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Order, Regulation or Usage as is hereby intended to be confirmed.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to remove Doubts, as to the Allowance of Dra^acks upon Bibles and Books of Prayer to The King's Printers, under an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty.

[23d July 1^14.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Papers Pasteboard, Millboard, Seaieboard and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in Iren thereof; 4 by which said Act a Drawback or Allowance is given and made for all Paper used in printing Bibles, Testaments, Pfjrfm Books, t4 Books of Common Prayer and Confession of Faith, and the larger: and shorter Catechism, upon certain Conditions therein particularly*4 specified, and among others, upon Condition, that Oath shall be made imuanner prescribed by the said Act, by Tile King's Printers in Lngl4ftd utd Scotland respectively, before the ConufBonm of

14*Excise

5lS

54 GEO. III. C. 106, 107.

Printing Houses approved by Commissioners of Treasury, deemed usual and ordinary Printing House of The King's Printers.

Excise or any Two or more of them in England and Scotland respectively, that the Whole of the Imprettion or Edition of such Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, ConfefHon of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechism, in respect of which such Allowance or Drawback shall be claimed, has been printed by him or them, at his or their ufital and ordinary Printing House, on his or their own Account: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to what House, Office or Premises, may or shall be considered to be the usual and ordinary Printing House of The King's 4 Printers, within the Meaning of the Prd recited Act, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Drawback or Allowance For removing and remedy thereof, be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by; nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefrut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every House, Office or Place, heretofore approved of or which may hereafter be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Two or more of them, in which The King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively shall have printed, or may hereafter print, by themselves or their own bona fide Agents, and not by others, and for their own foie and undivided Interest, the whole of any Impression or Edition of any Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer,

Confession of Faith or larger or shorter Catechism, shall be deemed and taken to be a usual and ordinary Printing House of such King's Printer within the true Meaning of the said recited Act, for all the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the administering and taking such Oath respectively, and the entitling such King's Printer to the Drawbacks and Allowances to which they may be by Law entitled in respect of the Paper used in printing Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith or larger or shorter Catechism, at any such Printing Houses.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Persons.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth* intituled An Act for 43*the ReTuf of the Poor, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for $1#

the Church-wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, or the greater Part of them, by the A Sent of Two Junices of the Peace, to bind the Children of such Parents as shall not by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater Part of Uieta,

be thought.able to maintain their Children, to be Apprentices:

Ad Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of 8 8c9W.3. 4 His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for c'3*tx'

Supplying some Defied* in the Law for the Relief of the Poor of 4 (hi* Kingdom* it is enacted, That Penoos coming to iuhabit in any, Parish, Township or Place, shall bring with them a Certificate wder the Hands and Seals of the Churchwardens and Overseers 4 of- the Pppfy or the major Part of them, of some other Parish,

fr Place, thereby owning and acknowledging the Person

L 1 a 4 or

A.D. 1814.

Indentures nml Certificates of Settlement v.-liJ, although Churchwairiens, vc. nut hvovn hi.

ihovilb.

Indentures and Certificates valid if executed by Overlbers of the Poor of any Tovvr, ship, /fcc.

Proviso for Settlements.

C. 107. 54 GEO. III.

or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate, to be an Inhabitant or Inhabitants legally settled in that Parish, Township or Place: And

Whereas divers Parishes contain within themselves several Town ships, Hamlets or Chapelries, each of which separately maintains its

own Poor: And Whereas in such Parishes thei Churchwardens are for the most Part sworn into their Offices as Churchwardens of the whole Parish, although in Truth and in Fad they ad as Church-

wardens of the separate Townships, Hamlets or Chapelries there-

in contained; And Whereas divers Indentures for the binding of

Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlements of Poor

Persons, have heretofore been signed and executed by a Person or Persons styling himself or themselves, and Hated in such Inden tures and Certificates, to be Churchwarden or Churchwardens, 1 Chapelwarden or Chapelwardens, of the Township, Hamlet or

Chapelry, binding such poor Apprentices, or granting such Certificate: And Whereas such Person or Persons have not been

sworn into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapelwardens of such

Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, but of Churchwarden of the

Parish wherein such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry is contained; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Indentures for the binding of Poor Apprentices, and all Certificates of the Settlements of Poor Persons, which have been heretofore signed and executed, or which shall hereafter be signed and executed by a Person or Persons, who at the time of his or their signing and executing such Indenture, or Certificate of Settlement, acted as Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Chapelwarden or Chapelwardens, of the Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, binding such Poor Apprentice, or granting such Certificate of Settlement, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, as if the same had been signed and executed by a Person or Persons actually sworn into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapel-'warden of such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry: Provided always, that such Person or Persons shall have been duly sworn into the Office of Churchwarden of the Parish wherein the Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, binding such poor Apprentice, or granting such Certificate, be contained, or into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Indentures for the binding of Poor Apprentices, and all Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Persons, which shall have been heretofore signed and executed, or which may hereafter be signed and executed by the Overseers of the Poor of any Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Place, and the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Chapelwarden or Chapelwardens, siding for or appointed in respect of such Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Place, or the major Part of them, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual as if the said Indentures and Certificates had been signed and executed by such Overseers and the Church wardens of the Parish wherein such Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Pl$ce is

situate, or the major Part of them.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ndtlfing 'herein contained shall be construed to alter impeach or affed the Settlement of any Person for whose Removal any Ortier of Justices shall have been duly made before the passing of this Act.

54 GEO. III. C. 108, 109.

5*7

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, and for indemnifying Persons against Penalties for Offences committed against the said Acts.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for burying in Woollen: And Whereas an Act was made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An additional Act for burying in Woollen: And Whereas it is expedient that tire said Acts should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed-

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have incurred any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, under any of the Pro-fifions of the said Acts, and against whom no Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been brought before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and is hereby wholly indemnified, freed and discharged from the same; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Actions shall before the said First Day of July have been brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Acts, or either of them, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall not recover, or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their Costs which may have been actually incurred in such Adiou or Actions, up to the said First Day of July, to be taxed as between Attorney and Client by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall have been brought; and the Person or Persons against whom any such Action shall have been brought shall, upon Payment or Tender made to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or to the Attorney or Attornies employed in prollcuting such Action or Actions, of the Costs so taxed as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all such Penalties and Forfeitures.

30 Car. 2.

Star. I. C. 3.

32 Car. 2. c. 1.

repealed.

Indemnity from Penalties, where no Action brought before tirit of July.

Where Actions hi ought before that Day, Flain-tilF> allowed Coils only.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend and reduce into One Ad:, the Statutes now in force for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within England; and for other Purposes.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of 13G. 3. c. 87. His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that

18 C. icg. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1H14.

*45.

Upon Application of Surveyor of Highways, Justices may direct additional Aflcfifmeni.

Notice of Application |iven.

Objections.

Amount of Assessment limited.

34 G. 3. C. 7.

Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purpose t,

the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter or Special Sessions For the Highways are empowered to allow certain Assess- mer.ts to be made and collected for the Maintenance and Repair

of the Highways: And Whereas it has been found by Experience,

that the Assessments which are authorized by that Act, are not

sufficient for the Purposes to which the same are therein directed to be applied Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That if upon the Application of the Surveyor of the Highways of any Parish, Township or Place, to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at a Special Sessions for the Highways, the said Justices shall be fully satisfied that the Common Highways, Bridges, Cause-ways, Streets or Pavements, belonging to such Parish, Township or Place, are so far out of Order that they cannot be sufficiendy amended and supported by the means in the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign- preferred, and by the Assessments therein authorized to be made, and Collected, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to authorize, order and direct, an additional Assessment to be made on such Parish, Township or Place (over and above all the Assessments by the said Act authorized to be made and collected); which said additional Assessment shall be levied and collected by the same means, and in the same manner and form, as is directed for the levying and collecting the Assessments made under the Authority of the said hereinbefore recited Act, and upon the same Persons as are therein declared to be liable to be rated to the said Assessments.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Notice of such intended Application shall be first proved before the said Justices, upon the Oath of the Surveyor making such Application, to have been given at the Church or Chapel, on Two Sundays preceding such General or Quarter Sessions, or Special Sessions for the High* ways; or, in Townships or Places where there are no Churches or Chapels, to have been stuck up in Writing in Two or more conspicuous Places within the said Townships or Places, for One Week at least previous to such General or Quarter Sessions, or Special Sessions for the Highways  or, in Extraparochial Placet, to hate been given in Writing to some of the principal Inhabitants residing in such Extraparochial Place, a Week at lead before such Genov or Quarter Sessions, or Special Sessions for the Highways; in order that any Person or Persons liable to be rated to the Assessment intended to be applied for, may attend at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Special Sessions, if they shall think fit; there to date to the said Justices any Objections which he, she or they may have to the making and collecting of such Assessment.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Aflef merit herein authorized shall not exceed the Rate of One Shilling sad Nine pence in the Pound on the actual Value at the time of making such additional Assessment.

IV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for varying

fern of the Provisions if an Act of the Thirteenth Tear f llie fre*

feet

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. Iff.

C. 109. 519

f*nt Majestfs Reign* ref pc Bing the Public Highway tin that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to Statute Duty, it is 4.

enacted, that it shall be at the Option of the Surveyor either to require the Statute Duty in Kind, or a Composition in Money in lieu thereof, at certain Rates which are therein fixed: And Whereas

by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act 44 G. 3. 0, 52. 1 pajftd in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates

to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty, the Rates for such Statute Duty 2.

1 have been increased, so far as respect Teams, Draughts, Ploughs

and Carts, with One or Two Horses: And Whereas the actual

Wages of Labour, and the actual Rate of hiring Teams, Carte,

Horses or Oxen, vary at different times and in different Parts of

England f Be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases in Cw'ofulon in which it shall be made to appear to Two or more Justices of the I*11 Statute Peace acting within the District, by the Surveyors of the High- ^llty* ways or of any Turnpike Road, that the Maintenance and Repair thereof can be more effectually carried on by a Composition in Money than by a Performance of the Statute Duty in Kind, he or they fall be at Liberty to require such Composition in Money, upon receiving an Authority under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices for that Purpose, in lieu of either the Whole or of any certain Part of the Statute Duty, from the several Persons who are bound by Law to perform such Statute Duty 5 and the Justices of the Dif-trid at their Special Sedions for the Highways held in the Week next after Michaelmas, yearly, shall fix such Rates as they shall adjudge reasonable, as a Composition in lieu of the Teams, Carts, nodes, Oxen or Labour, which such Persons are bound in the Proportions now fixed by Law to provide or perform; which Rates the feidjustices are hereby authorized and required annually to make known at such Special Sessions, due regard being had to the actual Wages of Labour, and to the actual Rate of hiring Teams, Draughts,

Ploughs, Carts, Horses or Oxen, in the Parish, Place or District in winch such Composition is required; and such Composition (Kali be paid in the same manner, and within the same Period, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law established for enforcing the Payment of Compositions in lieu of Statute Duty

Provided always, that in case where the whole Composition in Money prov; fa fall not be required in lieu of the Whole of the Duty in Kind, such Competition shall be demanded in fair and equal Proportions from each and every Person liable to pay the same, unless any of the said Persons shall prefer to pay a Composition for the Whole of their.Statute Duty, according to the Rates fixed in the manner herein dbeded.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are liable, RnteofCom-under any of the Provisions of any of the hereinbefore recited Acts, pofnion. to contribute to the Repair of the Highways by a Payment of

Money in lieu of Statute Duty, shall contribute thereto in lieu of emry Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value at the time of making the said Assessment of the Lauds,

Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments which fitch Persons t

M respectively occupy in the Parish, Township or Place where tfey ifcfifa, or i cany other Parish, Township or Place, a Sum equal n'L 1 4 to

Persons keeping Carriages though not occupying to Amount of ^cl. lhble to Composition.

Performance of Statute Duty.

C. 109. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the Justicet, at the time and in the manner by this Act directed, as the Composition for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horses and Two able Men, omitting any fractional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing; and all Persons occupying more than Fifty Pounds per Annum in the Parish, Townikip or Place wherein they reside, or in any other Parish, Township or Place, and less than One hundred Pounds per Annum, shall contribute to the Repairs of the Highways in lieu of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value at the time of making the said Assessment of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments, which such Person shall respectively occupy over and beyond the said Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum, and under One hundred Pounds, a Sum equal to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the said Justices, at the time and in the manner by this Act directed, as the Composition for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horses and Two able Men, omitting any fractional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing; and so on progressively for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments which they shall respectively occupy over and beyond every additional Fifty Pounds per Annum; and the said Sum or Sums shall be paid in the same mannw and within the same Period, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law established for enforcing the Payment of Composition in lieu of Statute Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall keep a Coach, Post Chaise, Chair or other Wheel Carriage, and not keep a Team, Draught or Plough, nor occupy Fifty Pounds per Anmm in the Parish, Township or Place where he resides, shall pay to the Surveyor or Surveyors, in respect of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Horse which he or she shall use in drawing such Carriage, such a Sum as the Justices shall, at the time and in the manner by this Act directed, fix as the Composition for One Day's Work of a Horse 5 or shall, at the Option of the Surveyor or Surveyors, pay in lieu of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments, which he or she shall respectively occupy, a Sum equal to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the Justices, at the time and in the manner by this Act directed, as the Compofifion for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horles and Two able Men, omitting any fractional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing: And the said Sum or Sums shall be paid in the same manner, and within the same Period, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law established for enforcing the Payment of CompositioDS in lieu of Statute Duty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall refirfe or neglect to perform any Part of their Statute Duty in Rind, on being regularly summoned by the Surveyor for that Purpose, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Twice the Amount of the Compoikioii for such Statute Duty a6 they shall have so neglected or refwed to perform, according to the Rates fixed by the Justices under the Bro-visions of this Act; and the said Persons shall also be liable to perform

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 109, 1 id. 521

form the said Statute Duty which they have so neglected or re-

fused to perform, either in the same or in the following Year; the

Payment of such Forfeitures, and the Arrears of such Statute Duty, Forfeitures and

to be enforced and applied to the Benefit of the Highway or Turn- Arrears howen-

pike Road, as the case may be, to which the original neglected Duty forced, &c.

was due or owing, by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, and under the same Regulations and in the same manner as

other Forfeitures may be levied, and Statute Duty may in other cases be enforced by any of the Provisions of any of the said hereinbefore

recited Acts.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace Justices of and Magistrates of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, Precincts, Peace, &c. to Liberties and other separate Jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and Execute Act. required to put in Execution every Part of this Act within their respective Jurisdictions, so far as the Provisions thereof are applicable, in as full and ample a manner as the Justices of any County or of any Division thereof.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to alter this Act contained shall alter the several hereinbefore recited Acts, former Acts but nor any Act or Acts passed subsequently to the said hereinbefore

recited Acts, regarding the Highways or Turnpike Roads in Eng- amen land and Walts; but that the same, where not expressly amended or altered by this Act, shall remain in as full force as at the time of passing this Act; and that all their Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

Regulations and Forms, shall be applicable, not only to the carrying those Acts respectively into Execution, but also this Act, so far as the same are adapted thereto, and are not expressly varied or altered by this Act, in as full and ample a manner as if the same had been re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. CX.

An Act to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and to amend so much of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty as relates to Payments to Out Pensioners of the said Hospital redding in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS several of the Pensioners and Nurses in the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich % have of late pawned ' or otherwise disposed of the Clothes, Linen, Stores and other Goods, delivered to them to wear or use, and it is expedient to ' prevent such Practices in future Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thil present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same

That the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hof- bc.

pital, their Successors and Alligns, shall or may, and they are here- logins ts Hof. by authorized and empowered to cause the Clothes, Linen, Stores pital marked. and other Articles capable of being marked, from time to time, belonging to the said Hospital, to be marked, damped or branded with an Anchor surmounted with a Naval Crown, with Two Flagd orer the Crown, and the Letter G. on the one Side of such Device; red the Letter H. on the other Side thereof; and that if any Pawn*

broker Goode

C. no.

522

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Pawnbrokers or others taking in Goods marked.

[Penalty.]

Warrant.

Distreis.

Imprisonment. f Sic.

Pensioners or Nurses deserting and taking away Goods.

Imprisonment.

33 G. 3. (i.) c. 23.

3.

broker or other Person or Persons shall take In pawn, buy, exchange or receive any Clothes, Linen or other Goods marked, damped or branded as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons upon any Account or Pretence whatever (such Mark, Stamp or Brand thereon to be considered and taken to be sufficient Evidence without further Proof of the Right of Property in the said Commissioners and Governors), or shall cause such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps to be taken out, obliterated or defaced, the Person or Persons fb offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the said Offence or Offences shall be committed, which Penalty shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders, one Moiety of which said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be paid to the Use of the said Hospital; and in case any such Offender or Offenders, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of having bought, exchanged, received or taken in pawn any such Clothes, Linen or other Goods as aforesaid, or of having caused such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, to be taken out or defaced, shall not hare sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the said Penalty recovered against him, her or them for such Offence or Offences, or shall not pay such Penalty or Penalties within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, either f commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that if any Pensioner er Nurse of the said Hospital shall desert or run away from the same, and carry away with them any Clothes, Linen or other Goods belonging to the said Hospital, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Town, City or County where he, she or they shall be apprehended, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Inlaid, in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marina employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more easy to Petty Officers and Seimen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, to remit their Wages to this Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom of the Wages due to deceassd Officers, Seamen and Marines as aforesaid, Provision was made for enabling Seamen resident in that Kingdom to receive Out Pensiont granted to than

by the said Commissioners or Governors of the said HospittVabd for preventing Frauds and Abuset attending the same, which has not been found effectual for the Attainment of the rood Purposes

intended thereby; Be it therefore enacted, That to feath*of the

foid recited Act at relates to any Ptamfioti1 or for enabling

C.rllO.

523

AiD.^14.

S4 GEO. III.

enabling Seamen resident in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to receive Out Pensions granted to them by the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same, shall be repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or his Deputy, legally authorized, shall, when and as often as Occasion shall require, make out or cause to be made out, Two Certificates for any Out Pension granted by the said Commissioners and Governors to Seamen redding m that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, which Certificates shall be Duplicates and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, and numbered, dated and signed by the said Treasurer or his Deputy, or his First Clerk, and atteued by the Steward of the Lid Hospital, or his First Clerk, or the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, or his First Clerk, and addressed to the Collector of the District in Ireland in which the Person named in the Certificate as Out Pensioner shall reside, and shall be written or printed in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act marked (A.), one of which Certificates shall be transmitted to the Person named therein as an Out Pensioner of the said Hospital, and the other shall be transmitted to the Collector to whom the same shall be addressed, ^nd upon the Duplicate of such Certificate being produced and delivered to such Collector by the Person entitled, or claiming to be entitled to receive the Money therein mentioned, such Collector dull examine the said Duplicate and enquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Person producing the same (which Oath such Collector is hereby empowered and directed to administer), and being duly satisfied of the Truth thereof, he shall immediately, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatever, pay to the Person specified in such Certificate, the Sum mentioned therein, taking his Receipt os the Back thereof for the same: Provided always, that the Claim upon or on account of such Duplicate shall be made to the Collector within Nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof; and in case the Duplicate of such Certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment of the Money therein mentioned be not demanded within Nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the CoUe&or shall transmit the Certificate to the Treasurer of the said Hospital at Greenwich*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Collector to whom the Duplicate of any such Certificate shall be tendered as hereinbefore mentioned, in order to receive Payment of the Money therein mentioned, shall not have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the same, or shall refuse or delay immediate Payment thereof, such Collector shall indorce on the Back of the Duplicate of such Certificate, the Day of its being tendered to him, and the Cause of Us Refufsd or Delay to pay the same; and shall appoint thereon far Payment of such Certificate some future Day, within the Space of One Month at farthest from the Day of its being presented to him; which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Person prefeoting the same \ and if on Coqqdaint nude to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue in Irdpnd) who* or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized 10 hear and detensoae the same, it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them* that any

fuen

repealed.

Out Pensions how paid.

[Proviso.]

Collectors to whom Duplicates of Certifi-ca*es tendered, not having Money in Hand, to inJorle thereon Cause of Delay, See. Collectors unnecessarily delaying Payment, See.

524

[Penalty.]

Commissioners of Revenue to credit Account? of Collect ors paying Money.

Falsely person-ating others, or forg ing Certificates, See.

[Public Act.]

Death.

C.iio. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

such Collector hath unnecessarily or wilfully refused or delayed Payment of such Certificate as aforesaid, the same having been presented to him, or that such Collector, or any Person employed by or under him, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction whatever, on account of Payment of such Money, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to fine such Collector in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; which Fine shall be recovered and levied in such and the same manner as any Penalty for any Offence against any Law by which any Duties of Customs or Excise is imposed or levied in Ireland; and the said Fine1, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

V. And be it enacted, That every Collector who shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person entitled to receive the same in pursuance of this Act, shall return the Duplicate on which the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such Money shall be endorsed, to the aforesaid Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue, who shall once in every Quarter of a Year cause a Certificate to be given to such Collector, specifying the Amount of the Money appearing by such Receipts to have been in pursuance of this Act, by such Collector paid within such Quarter; and every such Collector shall be credited by the said Commissioners for the Payment of such Money, in like manner as if the same had been advanced and paid, in pnrfu-ance of the Orders of the said Commissioners for any other Purpose t for which they arc entitled to issue Orders for Collectors for the Payment of Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whosoever willingly or knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Charactar of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Person to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, in order to receive the Money mentioned in such Certificate, or shall willingly and knowingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Person, in order to receive any Money due or supposed to be due for or on account of any Out Pension granted by the said Hospital; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Bill, Certificate, Letter of Attorney, Ticket, Certificate, Afligiw ment, last Will or any other Power or Authority, or other Document whatsoever, in order to receive any such Money 5 or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, in order to receive Payment of any Money due or supposed to be due for or on account of any Out Pension granted by the said Hospital; or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Assignment, last Will or any other Power or Authority, in order to receive Payment of any Money due, or supposed to be -due, for or on account of any Out Pension; being lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, rjd shall suffer Death as a Felon, without the Benefit of Clergy. < I

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall1 be and the same is hereby declared to be a Public Act; and all Judges^Justion and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.,

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 110, hi

525

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

No.

Royal Hospital, Greenwich,

Day of

J CERTIFY that B D. of in the County of

being an Out Pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, is entitled to the Sum of Pounds Sterling, and that

he has desired the same to be paid by you to Collector of His Majesty's Revenue at

Si d f A.B. Treasurer of the said Hospital, \ or his First Clerk.

{C.D. Steward [or, First Clerk to the Steward] of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, [or. Clerk to the Check, or First Clerk to the Clerk of the Check] of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

BY virtue of the Act of 54th GEO. III.

[N; B. This Certificate, if Payment in consequence thereof shall not be demanded in Nine Calendar Months from the Date hereof, is to be returned to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.]

The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Out Pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, in order fraudulently to receive the Pension due to such Pensioner, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

The Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed, is directed to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the same, and being satisfied, he is to certify to that Effect on the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward 5 but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount from not having Public Money fuficient in his Hands, he is to note the Cause of his refuting Payment, and shall appoint another Day within One Month at farthest from that time, and shall deliver back the Bill so noted to the Person* presenting it, and if upon Complaint to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this i9 addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, or taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatever, he will be subject to a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to continue certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and.Ammunition; and the making, removing, felling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland; 6 G. 3. (I.) ' in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c- 4*.

' intituled An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms> Gunpowder ' and Ammunition into this Kingdom; and the makings removing) felling ' and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence

1 and which was to continue in force for the Term in the said

'* Act

39 0-3- 0 )

c. 37-

[40 0.3.(1)

c. 96.

47 O 3. Sess. 1. c. 8.

continued.

47 G. 3. Stir. I.

c. 44.

Grand Juries rosy present 25cl. at each AlTizes in Counties at large, and also in Counties of Cities and Towns, for i ever Hospitals.

No Money pre-lented, unless Accounts of Re-

C. 111, 112. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Act mentioned: And Whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act the better to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder within this Kingdom; and which

was to continue in force for the Term in the said last recited Act mentioned; both which recited Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years aforesaid were by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and by another Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued; and the said Acts are now in force

until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

fourteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts Should

be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords iSpiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby further continued on and from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Space of Seven Years, and no longer.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in

Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act /

amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor9 and the Management if Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland; it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County of a City, or Conoty of a Town, in Ireland, where any Fever Hospital is established,

to present any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at say Spring or Summer Assizes, for the Support of such Hospital: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Act to all Counties in Ireland; and to increase the Amount of the Sun to be prefeated by such Grand Jury; f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Fever Hospital has been or shall be established in any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, h shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, at any Spring or Summer Assizes, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and 6fty Pounds at each such Assizes, as shall appear to the said Jury and to the Judge at such Assizes, to be necessary for the Support of such Fever Hospital; and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, or County of a City or County of a Town* respedirely, andktfedtnd applied accordingly.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Preferment shall be made by any Grand Jvry, aa Account of the

Receipt

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 112, 113. 52 7

Receipt and Expenditure of such Fever Hospital, from the time of ceipt and Exits Establishment to the time of the First Presentment required, and penditureexf afterwards from the time of each Presentment till the time when any^before further Presentment is required, shall be laid before such Grand Jury $ u ury# and if such Grand Jury are not satisfied with such Account, it shall be lawful for them to refuse to make any such Presentment.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, Part of the Ground and Buildings now belonging to the Society of King's Inns> Dublin, for the erecting thereon a Repository for Public Records in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, for the Security and convenient Use of the Public Records of Ireland, that additional Repositories should be forthwith provided for them: And Whereas the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, (land seized and < possessed to them and their Successors for ever, of certain Grounds 1 in the County of the City of Dublin, styled The Plover Field\ and Part of Redmond's Farm, both lying and situate near Glafmaenogc,

in the County of the City of Dublin, and under the Provisions of*an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3. (I.)

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to c-49*

enable the Dean and Chapter of Chrilf Church, Dublin, and other 1 Persons therein named, to grant certain Grounds in the City of 1 Dublin to the Society of the King's Inns, Dublin, the said Grounds are subject: to certain Rents in the said Act mentioned: And*Whereas the said Society of King's Inns have erected extend ve Buildings on the said Grounds, Part of which Buildings, to the South of the Dining Hall of the said Society, remain at present in an unfiniftied State, and it will cost a considerable Sum of Money to complete the said unfiniftied Buildings, conformably to the Plan*upon which the finiftied Part has been erested, and the so completing it will considerably ornament and improve the Property of the said Society of King's Inns, and of the several Persons beneficially interested in the said Grounds; in consideration, therefore,

that the said unfiniftied Buildings shall be completed conformably to the said Plan upon which the finiftied Part is now built, the said Society of King's Inns, the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church,

Dublin, and the Prebendaries and Choral Vicars of the said Church,

Richard Wilson of the City of Dublin, Esquire, the Right Reverend Robert Lord Bishop of OJfory, Assignee of the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Mountjoy, John Nash of the County of Cork,

Esquire, and Thomas Whelan of Lijfee Street, in the City of Dublin,

Esquire, Assignee of William Fletcher of the City of Dublin,

1 Esquire* to whom respectively the said Rents are now payable, have agreed and consented that a certain Piece or Plot of the said Ground herein after particularly described, on Part of which the said unfiniftied Budding now Hands, together with the said unfiniftied Building, and also One other Piece or Parcel of Ground also herein after particularly described, should be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Boccessors, for ever, for the Purposes herein after men-itiooed and fiet-forth, freed and discharged of and from all Rent " r d 4 whatsoever

528

Grounds, verted in His Majesty for building thereon a Repository for Public Records.

Buildings

completed.

South Pat t of Ground not built up^n.

C. 113. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

whatsoever, and of and from all Right, Title or Interest of them, or any of them, or any Person deriving by, from or under them,

or any of them, to the assigned Premises, or any Part thereof; and the said Society of King's Inns, Dean and Chapter, Prebendaries and Choral Vicars, and other Persons aforesaid, hate also agreed and consented not to build upon, or permit any Person or Ptrrfons deriving by, from or under them, or any of them, to

build upon any of their Ground aforesaid to the South of the said Buildings, and the Ground so agreed to be veiled in His Majesty / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all that Piece Or Plot of Ground now belonging as aforesaid to the said Society of King's Inns, Dublin, and on Part of which the said unfinished Building now Hands, the said Piece or Plot of Ground containing One hundred and eighty nine Feet in Length from North to South, and ranging in a Line with the West Front of the Dining Hall of the said Society, and containing in Depth from West to Eall One hundred and eighty nine Feet, be the same more or less, bounded on the West by King's Inns Place, on the North by the said Society's Dining Hall, on the East by Henrietta Street, and Ground belonging to the Reverend John R obinfon, and on the South by other Part of the Ground belonging to the said Society, as yet unbuilt on, together with the unfinished Buildingi already mentioned 5 and also One other Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing in Breadth from North to South Thirty Feet in the clear, and extending in a straight Line from the South End of King's Inns Place aforesaid, to that Part of Constitution Hill adjoining to Colerain Street, shall be and the said several Pieces or Parcels ot Ground and Buildings are hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Rent and Charges whatsoever, and of and from all Right, Title and Claim of any Person or Persons to any Estate or Interest whatsoever therein, for the Purpose, as to the said first mentioned Piece or Plot of Ground, of erecting and completing thereon a Repository or Repositories for Public Records, and also such Office or Offices, and such Court or Courts connected therewith, as to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors may appear expedient, and for the Purpose, as to the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, that the same shall be laid out as a Public Way or Passage for the shorter and more convenient Communication between the Four Courts and the intended Repository or Repo* fitories and Offices aforesaid.

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said unfinished Part of the said Buildings so hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be completed and finished pursuant to the Pbn, and corresponding with the Part which is now finished, and called The Dining Hall of the said Society of King's Inns.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it mall not be lawful for the said Society of King's Inns, or for any Person whatsoever, to build upon any Part of the said Ground to the South of the said Premisea hereby vested in His Majesty, but that the same shall be, remain and continue unbuilt upon.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or abridge, ' or in any wise diminish the Security given to the several Parties' mentioned in the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present1 Majesty's Reign, or any Person deriving by, from or under them, ' or any of them, for the due Payment of the Rent thereby payable to them from the said Society of King's Inns, Dublin, except lo far as relates to the said unfinished Part of the said' Buildings and the Grounds hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid 5 but that the remaining Part of the said Ground and Build-isgs of and belonging to the said Society of King's Inns, and such other of their Property as was before liable for the Payment of the Rent of the said Ground shall be and remain ilill liable to the Payment of said Rent as if this Act had never been made; and that all ways, means and methods, given by the said Act of the Thirty* eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or which the Parties inierested may have or be entitled to use, for the Recovery of said Rent, or if f any Charges at Law or in Equity, shall remain and' continue to them against the said Society, or any Persons deriving by, from or under them, for such Part of the Property of the said Society* at is not hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as fully and effectually as if this Act had never been made.

V. Saving always to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Incorporate, other than and except the said Society of King's Inns, the said Dean and Chapter, the said Prebendaries and Choral Vicars, and also the ud Richard Wilson, the said Lord Bishop of OJfory, John Nafb and* Thomas Whelan, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators' and Assigns respectively, all such Right, Title, Interest, Profit, Claim* or Demand, as they or any of them may have or claim in, to or out1 of the said Premises so veiled in His Majesty, or any Part thereof, to all Intents as if this Act had never been made.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

\l7^E^EAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parlia1VV meat, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland^ it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for every Person who shall be a

Prisoner in any Prison in Ireland, upon any Process whatsoever,

issuing roqa any Court whatsoever, for or by reason of amr Debt, '

Damages, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who shall have been in Custody upon Some Proofs for Some or one of the said Debts or Demands, during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by Petition in 4 a Summary way to the Court from whence such Process issued, for ' his or her Discharge from such Confinement, according to the Ptoudons of the said recited Act: And it is also by the said recited Act epasted, that if any Person shall be confined under the Process of Two or more Courts, then if auy one of the said Courts shall be oaeof IJi*, Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, such Petition shall be prftc^ted Uk such Court.; and if all such Courts, or any. Two or more of them, shall be such Superior Courts, that then and m

35J. Q30. III. Mm such Rent to continue payable.

38 0-1. (L) c- 49-

f SU.

General Saving.

J3 G. 3. c. 138..,

53

C.H4.

54 GEO. III

A.D. 1814.

itt.

Such case such Petition shall be presented to such of the said Superior Court8 under whose Process such Person shall have been first detained in Custody; and if all the said Courts shall be inferior Courts, then if such Prisoner shall be so detained in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, such Petition shall be presented to the Court of Common Pleas; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then such Petition shall also be addressed to the said Court of Common Pleas, with Power to the said Court either to proceed on such Petition or to give Authority to the Judge or Judges of Assize for the County, County of a City or County of a Town in which any such Prisoner shall be detained, to proceed as in the said Act is mentioned: And it is further enacted, that in case the Court to whom any Prisoner shall apply to be discharged, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be of Opinion that such Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, then and in such case the said Court shall so order and adjudge: And Whereas in the said recited Act divers Clauses and Provisions are contained, for empowering the said Courts respectively to whom any such Prisoner shall apply to be discharged, to give Judgment, and to make divers Orders, and to do divers Matters and Things with respect to the Discharge of all Prisoners so applying, and with respect to the Asignment and Application of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoners, as in the said recited Act is fully and at large mentioned and set forth: And Whereas it is expedient, that any one Judge of any Court in Irtknd, to whom any Prisoner shall apply to be discharged under the Provisions of the said recited Act, should have Power to receive the Petition, and to direct the Discharge of such Prisoners, and to do all such other Matters and Things respecting the discharging or remanding of any such Prisoner, as by the said recited Act the Court to which such Prisoner shall apply is empowered to do, provided such Prisoner shall not have had an Opportunity of applying to such Court; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Infobent PH- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the (oners dtfchajqged passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for every Person who shall be a m Vacation, Prisoner iQ any prison in Ireland, upon any Procefo whatsoever, issuing from any Court whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sum of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who shall have been in Custody upon lose Process for some or one of the said Debts or Demands, during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, and who shall not but been so in Custody in time to enable him or her to apply by Petsdoo to the Court in Term Time, to apply in Vacation to any Judge of such Court by Petition; and it mall be lawful for such Judge in Vacation Time to receive such Petition, and any Schedule annexed thereto, and to proceed in hearing the Matter of such Petition, asd to pronounce any such Judgment, and to make all such Orders, sad to give all such Directions, and to do all such other Matters asd Tlungs requisite for the discharging or remanding of such Prisoner, and for the Asignment and Application of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner; and such Judge shall have such Power to difeham or to remand such Prisoner, and so all other respects to ad and do, t -^. with

One Judge any Couit.

S 3*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 114.

with respect to such Prisoner, and with respect to the Petition of such Prisoner, and the Matter of the same, and with respect to the Estate and1 Effects of such Prisoner, and with respect to the Creditors of such Prisoner, as such Court could or might do under or by virtue of the said recited Act, if such Petition had been prefen ted to such Court in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Judgments, Orders, Directions, Proceedings, Acts, Matters and Things, for or relating to the discharging or remanding of any such Prisoner, so made, given, taken or done by such Judge, shall be a_s good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Judgments, Orders, Directions, Proceedings, Acts, Matters and Things had been done by the said Court, in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And Whereas Prisoners claiming the Benefit of the said Act

or this Act, may be liable to be deprived of such Benefit on account of mere Matters of Form, or Errors or Omissions in their Petitions. Schedules or other Proceedings directed by the said Act

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Court or Judjt the Court or Judge to whom any Prisoner /haul apply under the said may amend reeked Act or this Act, to be discharged under the Provisions of the Schedules, See. find Act or this Act, to amend all Matters of Form, and to supply

any Omissions, and to correct any Errors in the Petition, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by the said recited Act or this Act, in case the same shall appear to the said Court or Judge to have arisen from Ignorance, MiftaJce or Inadvertency, and not to have been wilful or fraudulent; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Prisoner who Prisonen dif. shall hare been discharged or remanded under or by virtue of an Act charged r remade in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of ma, ^ed under His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief and ^n. or*Maintenance of fnfohent Debtors detained in Prfon, or of an Act made in the Fiftieth (a) Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to 50^.3. c. 47. extend and amend the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty erf

seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall present a Petition G^c# to any Court or Judge, for the Purpose of taking the Benefit of the ftfd rfecited Act of last Session of Parliament, or this Act; it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Judge to receive such Petition and any Schedule annexed thereto, and to discharge such Prisoner, fa calc fitch Court or Judge shall think fit so to do, upon his confirming to tbt Directions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act; although such Prisoner may have been -tfifcharg* i or remanded under the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, at any time within the Period of Five Years previous to the presenting such Petition by such Petitioner, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act; stay thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (n) fRepealed,

'S3G.J-J8-

\JSee atto England, cc. 23. aS. ante."]

j

tuj.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

S3*

CAP. CXV.

I? G. 4. (I.) c. 10.

IG.3.W

c. 17.

17 G. t. (I.) c. 10. 1.

What Proof necessary to recover Penalties for burning J>3nd under Att.

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land 5 and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled JIn A3 to present the pernicious Practice of burning Land; and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin; and which was amended and made perpetual by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and by several Acts since made in the Parliament of Ireland, the said First recited Act has been from time to time amended: And Whereas by the said first recited Act it is, amongst other things, enacted, that if the Soil or Surface of

any Land mall be burnt or permitted to be burnt by the first Lessee 1 or Lessees of such Land, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Ad* 4 ministrators or Assigns, then the Penalty of Forty Shillings in the said Act mentioned, for every English Statute Acre so burnt, shall and may be recovered of such Offender or Offenders, by his, her or their Lessor or Lessors, their Heirs, Successors or Assigns

respectively, or by the Person or Persons who for the time beisg

shall be entitled to the Rent or Reversion or Remainder of the said Premises; and if the Soil or Surface of any Land shall be bunt or be permitted to be burnt by the Possessor or Occupier of such Land holding or enjoying the lame by Lease or Contract from the first Lessee or Lessees of such Land, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or from any Person or Persons deriving or holding under them any or either of them, then the said Penalty of Forty Shillings, for every English Statute Acre so burst, shall and may be recovered ofiand from such Offender or Offenders, his, her or their immediate Lessor or Lessors, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns: And Whereas Difficulties and Inconveniences have occurred and may occur in Suits instituted by the Devisee or Devisees of any Lessor or Lessors iafiung for the Penalties under the said first recited Act and the several Acts in force ia Ireland for the Amendment of the same, frsm the Necessity of producing the Will under which the Title of such Devisee or Devisees is derived, and Witnesses to prove the tune, and like Difficulties and Inconveniences have occurred and may occur to Persons entitled to the Rent reserved, or to the Reversion or Remainder expectant on any Lease or Demise from the NeoefSty of producing the Title Deeds or Settlements, under which the Title of such Person or Persons is derived, and Witnesses to prove the same; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai is every Suit for Recovery of the Penalty or Penalties for burning Land under the said first recited Act and the several Acts i* fotce in Ireland, or any of them, for the Amendment thereof, it shall be deemed full and sufficient Proof of Tide in the Plaintiff or Plaufiffs - in

533

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 115, utf.

in such Suit or Suits, and that he, she or they is or are in Point of Title competent to bring and maintain such Suit or Suits if it shall be duly proved on his, her or their Behalf, that he, she or they has or have for One Year at lead after the Death of the Leflor or other Person next after whom he, she or they claim to be entitled, received the Rent reserved in the Lease or Demise under which the Lands are held, in respect of which such Suit for such Penalty as aforesaid shall be brought, unless the Defendant in such Suit shall prove that the Title to the Rent or Reversion expedant on such Lease or Demise is in some other Person than the Plaintiff or Plain* tiffs in such Suit.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of frrall Sums due for Wages in Ireland; and to make other Provisions for Recovery of such Wages.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland 2 0.1. (I.)

in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King C I7- George the First, intituled An Act to empower Justices of the Peace

to determine Disputes about Servants, Artificers, Day Labourers,

Wages and other small Demands, and to oblige Masters to pay the same; and to punish idle and disorderly Servants; divers Provisions

were made for enforcing the Payment of Wages due to Servants,

Artificers and Day Labourers: And Whereas the said Provisions ' have been amended, enlarged or modified by the several Acts here following passed from time* to time in Ireland; that is to say,

an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George 3 G.. (1.1 4 the Second, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of c*4*

Workmen, Artificers and Labourers employed in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for the better Payment of their Wages; as also to prevent Abuses in making of Bricks, stfid to ascertain their Dimensions; an Act passed in the Twenty fifth5 G.2. (I.)

Year of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An c*

AS for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants,

1 and of certain Apprentices; and for the Punishment of all such Owners of Coal and their Agents, as shall knowingly employ and set at Work Persons retained in the Service of other Coaf Owners and also that mutual Debts between Party and Party be set one

against the other; an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His, G.. (I) said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for con c- 8*

tinning and reviving several temporary Statutes; and for amending and explaining an Act made in the Eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, continued and amended by an Act made in the Twenty Jflrjl Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of the Law in relation to Butter and Tallow, Casks,

Hides and other Commodities of this Kingdom; and for preventing the DeJlruSion of Salmon; an Act passed in the Fifth Year of 5G*3-(M

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing, re* c*

vivtng and amending several temporary Statutes; and for empower*

I ing the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny, 1at the AJflfcs to increase the yearly Salary of the Treasurer of the said County

And Whereas the said Provisions of the said several Acts have

534

C. xi

A.D. 1814.

repealed as to Payment of Wages 10 Servants, Si c.

[Commencement of Act.]

One Justice empowered to hear nmi determine Complaints of Servants, Artificers, anl Labourers, for Nonpayment of Wages.

54 GEO. III.

been found defective, and some Doubts have occurred as to the Construction thereof, and it is expedient that all the Provisions for enforcing the Payment of Wages due to Servants, Artificers and Labourers, should be comprised in One Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after One Month after the passing of this Act, so much of the said hereinbefore recited Acts as relates to the Payment of Wages due to Servants, Artificers and Labourers, or to any of them, shall {land and be repealed; save so far as relates to any Proceedings that may have been commenced under the said Acts, or any of them, before the Period aforesaid. j:

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Matters and Provisions herein after contained, shall commence and take Effect from and immediately after the said time of the Repeal of the said former Acts and not sooner.

III. And be it enacted, That, for the more easy Recovery of Wages which shall or may remain due, after the Commencement of this Act, or which shall become due to any Labourer, Artificer of Servant in Ireland, whose Demand shall not exceed the Sum of Six Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County in Ireland, where the Person or Persons, or any of the Persons alleged to owe the same, shall reside, and for every Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon

the Complaint of any such Labourer, Artificer or Servant, that he i or (he have been refused Payment of, or cannot receive his or her j Wages due to him or her, to issue his Summons in Writing to such j Person or Persons so alleged to owe such Wages, or to any of them (not being a Peer or Peeress), to appear before hhng'in which Summons the Sum demanded, and also the Place and Time for such J

Person's Appearance, shall be expressed; and upon such Person of

Persons so summoned appearing accordingly, or in case the said Person 1

or Persons so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear, according*! to such Summons, that then upon Proof on Oath, that the find j

Summons was delivered to the said Person or Persons, or to any 1

of them, or to his, her or their Son, Daughter or Menial Servant of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards at such Person's usual Place of Abode, such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate is hereby authorized and empowered to proceed to the hearing and determining of the said Demand, as well by the examining such Witness or Witnesses as shall appear before him, upon Oath, as by all other legal ways; and if necessary, by Examination of the Party or Parties complaining or complained against, on their respective Oaths, and to determine, order and adjudge whether any thing and how much shall be paid by the said Person or Persons to such Servant, Artificer or Labourer; and if such Person or Persons shall not pay the Sum which such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate shall so adjudge to be due to such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, either immediately or within such time as the said Justice of the Peacd or Chief Magistrate shall direct, not exceeding Ten Days, then the said Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate is hereby required and

*C. ii <5.

535

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

empowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, at the Instance Matter to pay of such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, directed to any Constable or Sum adjudged Constablee of such County, City or Town, to levy so much as shall Ithm T*n be so ordered and adjudged due to such Servant, Artificer or La- a^s* bourer, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or omitting to pay the same, according to the Determination of the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to such Person or Persons:

Provided always, that if reasonable Excuse on Oath, for the Non justice m*y attendance of any Person so summoned, shall be made to the Satis- postpone Htar-faction of such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, then and ng. in any such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Magistrate to postpone the Hearing of such Complaint to such further time, and to such Place as he shall think proper, and to issue a new Summons for such time and Place accordingly.

IV. And it is hereby declared, That all Persons not being Arti- Labourers ficers or Servants, who shall be employed to do any Species of Work defined, or Labour whatsoever for Hire, shall be deemed and taken to be Labourers within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be entitled to recover Wages, as such, under and according to the Regulations aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear, to Justice may the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, award further that such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, has been, or is likely to Sum to Servants, be detained from his or her Home or usual Place of residence, by ^Loii* reason of the Nonpayment of any Wages which such Justice or ofiimeinre-Magistrate shall so adjudge to be due, then and in every such case it coverii* Wages, fhaff and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, to order and adjudge that there be paid to such Servant*

Artificer or Labourer, not only the Sum so due for Wages as aforesaid, but also such further Sum, for the time during which such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, shall have been there so detained from his usual Place of Residence, as such Justice or Magistrate shall think and adjudge to be reasonable, having regard to the Length of such Detention, the Diligence or Remissness of either Party, the usual Wages of such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, and the Wages which, within the time of such Detention, such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, did earn, or under all the circumstances of the case might have earned 5 and also a reasonable Sum by the Day, to be estimated in like manner, until such Wages so adjudged to be due shall be recovered as aforesaid, or other wise paid; so as such additional Sums or Sum so ordered and adjudged do not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds.

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for either Party to Appeal to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions for the County, City or Place Quarter Sessions. where such Order shall be made 5 which Quarter Sessions shall finally determine the same, and shall have Power thereon to give and award such Costs, and also such Compensation for such Detention as aforesaid, as may have taken place subsequent to the Order so appealed from, as such Court of Quarter Sessions shall adjudge reasonable, not exceeding Ten Pounds, the same to be levied by Distress and Distress.

Sale as aforesaid.

<r "7*

54 GEO. III.

A.Q. 1^4.

S3<5

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to extend, so far as relates to the building of new Churches, an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for reviving and amending an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending, continuing and making more cjfedlual the several Acts now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecdfr fiajlical Dues of Jmail Value; and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks y so far only as the farm relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks; and to encourage the building of new Churches.

[23d July 1814.]

33 G. i. (I.)9

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, j

C*IX. 4 in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for reviving and amending an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majestys Reign9 intituled An Act for amending, continuing and making more effectual the several Acts now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of small Value;

and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, so far only as the same relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks; and to encourage the building of

I 4* 4 new Churches; it is enacted, that it should be lawful for every

Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary or Prebendary, and to every Body Politic and Corporate, and to and for every Person whatsoever seised in Fee

Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life, with immediate Remainder over

to their, his or her I flue, of or in any Land whereon any new Church should be intended to be built, to grant by his, her or their Deeds respectively, such Land not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, to the Churchwardens of the Parish wherein such new Church should be to be built and their Successors, for ever, as and for a Scite for such new Church, and for a Church

Yard for the Use of the Parishioners of the said Parish, and that such Grant should be good and effectual against such Archbishop,

Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary, Prebendary, Body Politic and Corporate, and his and their Successor and Successors, and against every Person claiming or to claim any

Estate, Right, Title or Interest in such Land, by virtue of any Limitation, Remainder or Reversion in any Settlement or Settlements theretofore made; and that the Churchwardens of Lch

Parish and their Successors for ever, should be and were thereby made capable of receiving and enjoying the Benefit of such Granc for the Purpose aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient to extend,

the said Act so as to enable Rectors and Vicars to make like

Grants of Glebe Land belonging to their respective Benefices Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

537

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 117, 118.

of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Rector Region or or Vicar of any Parish or United Parishes in Ireland, by and with v, cars may the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Parish shall of^GlebJLtnd be, by Deed executed by such Rector or Vicar with such Consent for g*jt# Q(^as aforesaid, testified by the Execution of such Deed by such Bishop, Church and to grant any part of the Glebe Land belonging to such Rector or Church Yard. Vicar, not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, to the Churchwardens of the said Parish and their Successors for ever, as and for the Scite of any new Church to be built for the Use of such Parish, and for a Church Yard for the Use of the Parishioner3 of the said ParOi, or to improve and extend the Church Yard of any Parish 5 and that such Grant shall be good and effectual against such Rector or Vicar respectively, and his Successors; and that the Churchwardens of the said Parish and their Successors for ever, shall be and are hereby empowered and made capable of receiving and enjoying the Benefit of such Grant for the Purposes aforesaid.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties Ireland, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's Public Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties of Stamps herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Stamp Duty on and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected

and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written or printed, any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps to authorize any Person to kill Game in Ireland, or any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person, in Ireland, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings British Currency, in lieu and in stead of any Duty of Stamps now payable (a) in respect of any such Certificate, Deputation or Appointment respectively, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

(a) [See 52 G. 3. r. 87. Sch. A. VIC\

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of J1 G. 3. c. 8.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; certain Duties under the Sum of Six pence and

beween

5

C. 118.

Amount of Note, ^c. on which Duty under 6d. paid, (limited iu Irish Currency.

Sum in respect whereof Duty under 6d. or between 6d. and u. paid, elti-mated in like manner.

Bank Notes, &C with Stamp of lei's Value than required, void.

Note*, &c. issued before patting of At\ not re-ilfuable.

Issuing Notes, &c. contrary to

A a.

Penalty,

[Penalty.]

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling are imposed, which

are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of the Sums in respect

whereof such Duties are imposed Be it enacted, That whenever any Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence is by the said recited Act or by the Schedule thereto annexed, directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum expressed in any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promissory or other Note, Draft or Order, the Amount of such Sum shall be estimated in Irish Currency, and the Stamp Duty on such Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promissory or other Note, Draft or Order, shall be ascertained and imposed accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the said recited Act (a) or the Schedule thereto annexed, any Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling, is directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof, or with relation where to any such Stamp Duty is imposed, such Sum shall be estimated in Irish Currency, and such Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling, shall be ascertained andim. posed accordingly. (a) [52 G. 2. c. 87. j 5.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That sill Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, and Promissory or other Notes, Drafts or Orders, drawn on or made payable by any Banker or Bankers \vl Ireland^ being written or printed on any Paper stamped with a Stamp of less Amount than the lame ought to be according to this Act, which shall bear Date or which mall be issued in Ireland, at any time after the passing of this Act, or which shall bear Date at any time before the passing of this Act, but shall not have been actually issued before the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and dull not be issued or issuable, or negotiable, or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, which shall bear Date at any time before the passing of this A6, and which shall have been actually issued before the passing of this Act, shall at any time after the passing of this Act be re-issued or re-HTuable, nor shall be negotiated or transferred, or negotiable or transferable, by or on behalf of the Banker or Bankers who originally issued the same, or by or on behalf of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time after such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, shall come or shall have come into the Hands, Custodyor Possession of such Banker or Bankers, after the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons, who shall issue or re-issue, or cause to be issued or re-issued, any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill, or any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promissory or other Note, Draft or Order, contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, for every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, so issued or re-issued contrary to this Act; and that any Person or Persons who shall give or take in Payment, any Note, Bill, Draft or Order, which shall be or shall have been issued or re-issued contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Sum expressed in any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, respectively, to any Person who shall sue for the lame; and that the several

1.6 Penalties

Cl I*

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace in Ireland, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confeiliou of such Offender; and in case the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid and satisfied upon such Conviction being made, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and if such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalties, every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, by Warrant of such Justice, for any time not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Stamps by

this Act granted and made payable, shall and may be collected, raised, levied, recovered and applied under and by virtue of all the Powers and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland: and to make more cffeQual Regulations for colie Sing and managing the said Duties (a), as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as relates to the Duties granted and made payable by this Act, except only so far as the said Act is altered or amended by this Act. (u) [See c. 92. f 1. ante.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of One Penny imposed by the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year (b) of His present Majesty's Reign upon any daily Account or daily Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abstra& thereof included in or with any other Publication, or upon any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times, as Accounts or Abstracts of Accounts of such Goods, for each Day's Account contained therein, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid and payable upon each and every Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and upon each and every Abstract, whether the same be printed or published separately or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days' Accounts or Abstracts of Days' Accounts contained in such Publication, for each and every of such Publications, except the same be published by the Person or Persons authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

(b) [52 G. 3. c. 87. Sch.A. VII.]

S$9

Distress,

Imprisonment.

Duties levied under

S % G.3. cxa6.

Duty of id. ot* Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported paid on each whether published, separately, or with any other Publication.

C. 119.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Rates granted by 45 G. 3. c.ai.

jcG.J. c. 74

53 0-3- C-5& to cease.

Poftm afters, fcc. to demand, &c. following UCW Rates.

Rates on Singl# Letters.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to repeal certain Duties upon Letters and Packets, sent by the Post within Ireland: and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[23d July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue of Ireland; and thinking it expedient that certain Rates and Duties of Poilage in Ireland Should cease and determine, and that other Rates and Duties of Poilage Should be granted in lieu thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Rates and Duties for the Poilage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets sent by the Poll in Ireland, granted by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in kcu thereof; and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland; and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post from or to Dublin tfi or from the federal Post Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Post in Ireland 5 shall cease and determine 5 and that, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poll-mailer or Poflmailers General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage, Poilage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry or fend Poll to and from Places within Ireland, according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Irish Currency, herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland where such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in, to any Di(lance within the same, not exceeding Seven Miles, the Sum of Two pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Seven Miles, and not exceeding Fifteen Miles, the Sum of Three pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Fifteen Miles, and not exceeding Twenty five Miles, the Sum of Four pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Twenty five Miles, and not exceeding Thirty five Miles, the Sum of Five pence:

54*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 119.

And to any Distance exceeding Thirty five Miles, and not exceeding Forty five Miles, the Sum of Six pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Forty five Miles, and not exceeding Fifty five Miles, the Sum of Seven pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Fifty five Miles, and not exceeding Sixty five Miles, the Sum of Eight pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Sixty five Miles, and not exceeding Ninety five Miles, the Sum of Nine pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Ninety five Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, the Sum of Ten pence:

And to any Distance exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and fifty Miles, the Sum of Eleven pence:

And to any Distance exceeding One hundred and fifty Miles, and not exceeding Two hundred Miles, the Sum of Twelve pence

And to any Distance exceeding Two hundred Miles, and not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Miles, the Sum of Thirteen pence:

And to any Distance exceeding Two hundred and fifty Miles, and not exceeding Three hundred Mues, the Sum of Fourteen pence:

And for every Distance of One hundred Miles, Irish Measure, above Three hundred Miles, which any such Letter or Packet shall be so carried or conveyed within Ireland, a further Sum of One Penny:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the said Sums respectively:

And for every Treble Letter, Treble the said Sums respectively: And for every Ounce Weight Four times the said Sums respecthrely; \and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a single Letter:

And that all Letters and Packets directed from any Place in Ire-fond to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and paid for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland from or to Dublin, Waterford or Donavhadety or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said Places according to the Rates aforesaid

And that for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel riding or flopping in any Pbrt within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That Letters or Packets passing through the General Post Office in the City of Dublin from any Place within Ireland shall not as heretofore be charged or pay according to the Distance of any Place from which such Letter mall be sent to Dublin, and further, according to the Distance of any Place to which such Letter shall be sent from Dublin, according to the several Rates of Postage; but all such Letters shall be charged and shall pav only according to the Distance of the Place whence such Letters {nail be lent, from the Place to which the same shall be sent, according to the several Rates hereinbefore specified and set forth.

Double Letter.

Treble Letter. Ounce Weight.

Letters far G.ff. &c.

Ship Letters.

Letters passing through General Post Office Dublin to pay only according to Distance.

Rates paid iu Irish Currency, and levied as former Rate*.

43 O. 3* c. 8.

50 G. 3. c. 74. 53 G. 3. c. 58.

Provisions of

48 G. 3. c. 62

49 G. 3. c. 116. relating to Information before Commissioners of Customs, &c. for Offences against the Revenue Laws repealed*

C. 119, 120. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be paid and payable in Irish Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied under such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Provisions, Exemptions, Exceptions and Privileges as are mentioned^ expressed and contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pofi within Ireland; and also in the hereinbefore recited Acts made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland / and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said several Acts mentioned, expressed and contained, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act; save only so far as respedi the Amount of Rates or Duties under the said Acts, or any of them; and save and except so far at the said Acts, or any of them, artaltered or repealed by this Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under die Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend several Acts 4 W relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland? fie it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from the Commencement of till Ad, all and every the Clauses, Provisions and Regulations contained in Two several Acts, one made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making perpetual ftverd Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Cufim and Estcife in Ireland, and for preventing Fraud* therein; and ft make further Provision for the Security of the fold Revenues, andfit the ifnecution of the several Acts relating thereto; and the other made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled Al A8 to make further Provision for the Execution of the several d8* relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Tames in Ireland, which in any manner relate to or concern the Proceedings to or on the Trial of any Complaint or Information before the Commissioners of Customs and Pdrt Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Sub Commissioners respectively, for any Offence against: any Act or Act* relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things tinder the Management of the Commissionen respectively, or to the A\$tanuaept of the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, or totfat bringing, filing, or exhibiting'of any such Complaint or Infbftnaticm, or the

C. 120.

543

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

the discharging of the same, shall be and the same are hereby repealed 5 and that every such Complaint or Information, and all Mat- Complaints, &e. ter relating thereto, shall and may be exhibited, proceeded upon, hoMr exhibited, heard, tried and determined under the Rules, Regulations and Pro- &c* viftons of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and as if the said recited Acts of the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, or either of them, had not been made.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Officers may aft contained shall be construed to alter or repeal so much of the said Is ub Comir* recited Act of the Forty ninth Year (a) aforesaid, as relates to or Prc^recHngs^e-oooocems any Officer fitting or acting as a Sub Commissioner in any bring to Ship-Canle wherein he is interested, or as provides that whenever by any ping, Entry made Act or Acts it is or shall be required that any Claim, Entry or"*

other Proceeding shall be made, filed or entered, or bad in or at the ca xc Excise Office of the District relative to any Matter or Thing whatsoever, every such Claim, Entry or other Proceeding which shall rdate to Shipping or Navigation, or to any Matters or Things under the Management and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, shall be made, filed, entered or had in the Office of the Collector of the Customs of the Port or District instead of the Excise Office of such District* (a) [49 G. 3. r. 116.

i 3.6.]

III. And Whereas under and by virtue of certain Provisions Documents

contained in certain Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating Three

to the Revenue of Excise, various Documents, Matters and Things

f are directed and required to be signed, done, executed or performed held legal, and

by Four or more of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes need not be

in Ireland, and certain of the said Documents, Acts, Matters or witnessed byThings to be witnessed by the Secretary to the Commissioners of SCreur>

Excile, and which Provisions have produced Inconvenience, and it

is expedient to remedy the same Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Document, Act, Matter or Thing relating to the Revenue of Excise or Taxes which shall be signed, done, executed or performed respectively by any Three of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for the time being, shall be held and considered as legal, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and without the same being witnessed by the Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise; any thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- No Fee taken mencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of for granting His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise to a(k, demand or receive airy Fee or Reward for granting or issuing of any Permit for the Conveyance and Protection of any Exciseablt* Goods in Ireland* c, $g. nor shall any Fee or Reward be payable for die same; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His orefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating'

At pieing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance^tuuTProteSion of certain Exctfcabk Goode therein mentioned and to totooent Frauds hi Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods* or in and by any other Act or Acts. to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Certificate of KBCcment of this Act, the Certificate of any importing Merchant Merchant not

fQr iufficitnt to pro.

C. 120.

te& Goods, or prevent Necessity of Permit for Removal. 40 0.3. (I.) c. 68.

[Penalty.]

53 G. 3.160.

I 7.

Amount of Bond required from Tanners.

Proviso ac to Licences.

530.3. c. 6o. I9*

54 GEO. III. A.D. 18r4.

for any Goods whatever which such importing Merchant shall fell to any Person or Persons reading within the same Port or Place, where such Merchant may have imported such Goods, shall not have any Effect to protect any Goods within such Port or Place, or to prevent the Necessity of a Permit or PermitB for the Removal of such Goods within such Port or Place, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that a proper Permit or Permits shall be taken out for the Removal of such Goods; any thing in the (laid last recited Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year aforesaid of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or take away the Right of prosecuting, filing for, recovering and levying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, which shall or may have been incurred under the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, or in respect of any such Certificate which shall have been given on or before the Commencement of this Act.

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parlia. 1

ment, intituled an Act for the hitter Collection of the Duties $k 4 Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oily and on Vellum and Parch-

ment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on His Majests i

Revenue therein, it is, among d other things, enacted, that no j 4 Licence shall be granted, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tin

1 Leather with Bark, iinlefs the Person requiring the same shall with Two sufficient Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty in 1

penal Sum after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred

Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of such Person chargeable under the said Act, conditioned to pay all such Sums of Money as by virtue of the said Act or any other Act or Acts in

force in Ireland, such Tanner should be charged with, and also to pay and fadsfy sill Penalties to which such Tanner should be liable under the said Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland:

And Whereas it is not expedient to require Tanners to give Se-

curity to the Amount directed by the said recited Adj' Be it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in (lead of the Security by the said Act so required, every Tinner shall be bound to execute a Bond to His Majesty in the Penal Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One thousand Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of such Person, and so in Proportion for any Quin* tity or less Number of Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in such Tan Yard, conditioned to pay all Sum and Sums, of Money as by any Law now in-force, or which shall hereafter be in force in Ireland* such Tanner shall be charged or chargeable with, and also to pay and satisfy all Penalties which such Tanner shall be liable to, under j

any Act or Acts in force, or which shall hereafter be in force in Ireland; and no Licence shall be granted to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit,

or to tan Leather with Bark unless the Person requiring the kune shall with Two sufficient Sureties have executed such Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VII. And Whereas by the said last recited Act of the Fifty

third Year aforesaid, it is, amongst other things, directed, that the V Drawback of any of the Duties chargeable on Hides and Skins

and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, or any Mano&duxe

of such tanned Hides or Skins, or any Hides or Skins dressed in Oil

in Ireland) or any Manufacture thereof, or on any VeUnmor Parch-,

ment

C. 120.

545

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

Raw or unnaalted kiln-disguised Barley mixed

ment made in Ireland, which shall be exported when allowed, shall be paid by the Collector of the Port from which such Goods shall be exported: And Whereas it is expedient that such Drawback should be paid by the Collector of Excise, and not by the Collector of the Port; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Drawbacks Drax backs p.iid when allowed shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and ky t\l!eitur of Taxes of the District from which such Goods shall have been or shall Exoik' be exported under such Rules and Regulations as are by Law required in case of Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Excise paid thereon.

VIII. And, for the better preventing the Use of raw or unmalted

Corn by Brewers in Ireland, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any other

Part of the Premises connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or Grain malted or unmalted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any unmalted found other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted; and that all raw or un- n Brewery, malted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any other

Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises, together with all Sacks, Vessels or Packages, in which such raw or unmalted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted shall be contained, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer or Penalty. Officers of Excise or Customs.

IX. And, for the further preventing the Use of raw or unmalted Bond taken

Corn, and of any deleterious or unwholei'ome Ingredients by Brewers from Brewer* to

in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of f'xr, p, n Con-

this Act, no Licence shall be granted to any Person in Ireland to dltlo, n I1?1*'0 ,9 -n ai nun r.ir* umvhoielome

brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, unless in jngrejie,; ls

the Bond required to be entered into by such Brewer under and by used. virtue of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present 47 C.Sess.r. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties f*3^.* on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Com- Licence^tak* modities, there be inserted a Condition that such Brewer shall not use following Oath, any raw or unmalted Corn (a) nor any Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indi-cus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any other Ingredient whatsoever, which shall possefs any deleterious or unwholesome Quality in brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer; and that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person in Ireland, unless and until the Person or Persons to whom or on whose behalf.such Licence shall be granted, or some one of them, being the acting Partner or Person concerned in the Brewery for which uich Licence shall be granted, shall make and sign an Affidavit, or being a Quaker or Quakers, shall solemnly affirm in the Presence of the Collector of Excise of the District, who is hereby authorized and required to ad-miuifter such Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effect following 5 that is to say,

J 2L, on whose behalf and for whose Use, [together with C.D- etcetera, if there are two or more Partners,] a Licence is

rtquired to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, [or Small Beer, the

1 case may be] for Sale at in the County [or City] of ______

do hereby solemnly swear, [or affirm,] That F

will nddire6Uy or indirectly cause or permit or suffer, or be Party or privy-4*? the qaufing^ permitting or suffering any raw Corn, or

LJ'*; '

54 Geo. III. N n 4 Corn

O.uli.

C. 120.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Oath 111 lieu of former Oath. Licences granted to any other Person void.

Default of Payment of Dutiet Ly Paper Makers, Dif-ttefs mode.

Provife.

Corn not malted, and not having been charged with the Duty on

Malt made in Ireland, nor any Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicus, ' Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Ingre* ' dieut whatsoever, which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome

Quality, to be used in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale or

Porter, or Small Beer, or in the making or preparing of any Liquor

to imitate or to resemble or to be mixed with, or to be used, fold

or disposed of, or delivered as or for Beer, Ale, Porter or Small Beer; and that I will not fell, dispose of, fend or deliver, or cause

to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Person or Persons whatsoever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer any Liquor made or prepared from raw Com, or Corn not malted, and not having been charged with the Duty on Malt made in Ireland, or in the making whereof any such raw Corn, or Corn not malted, or any such Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, shall have been any way used; and that I will not cause or permit or suffer, or be Party or ( privy to the causing, permitting or suffering any raw or unmalted

Corn, ground orbruised, or any Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicas, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or other deleterious or unwholesome Ingredient to be brought into or kept in the Breweryor Premises at the said Place; and I do hereby also solemnly swear, t [or affirm,] That no other Person or Persons is or are concerned or engaged in the said Brewery as Partners with, [except the said C. D et cetera, at the case may be.]

'So help me GOD.*

And which Oath shall be in lieu and mstead of any Oath required by any former Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to be made by auy Brewer in Ireland; and if any such Licence shall be granted to auy Person or Persons, by or on whose behalf such Oath or Affirmation shall not have been made, or if any Person or Persons other than such as shall be specified in such Oath or Affirmation shall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners in the Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, such Licence shall be and become forfeited, and shall be null and void.

X. And, for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Paper Makers in Ireland, be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Paper Makers shall be unpaid at the time when fuen Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the District in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, and all or any Engines, Vats, Wet Presses, or other Utensils for making Paper in any Paper Mill or other Place used by any such Paper Maker, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and it after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and tale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 120. 547

be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker or his Representatives at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the same may be delivered up accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Paper Maker Abatement in Ireland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been nude of Duty prevented from working any Engine kept by such Paper Maker

during the Whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper ve it

Maker shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be Accident from

lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, working.

or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction,

that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any

Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any

Charge of Duty which shall have been returned again 11 such Paper

Maker, for and in respect of the Engine which such Paper Maker shall be so prevented from working, and also of the Duty for and in respect of each and every of the Vats or Wet Presses belonging to

such Engine: Provided always, that any such Abatement shall be first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of

[Proviso.]

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland: Provided also, that if any Duty

chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by such Paper Maker

within such Month as aforesaid shall amount to the Sum by Law

chargeable for such Month, in respect to such Engine and Vat or

Wet Press, then and in such case no such Abatement shall be made

to such Paper Maker.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint In Informations or Information shall be had or prosecuted before the Commissioners a33in? Prions of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or their Sub Commis*

r.a nr nrr ., BuIUielS Wthout

(toners, agamtt any Person or Persons for carrying on any Trade, Li enee, Pr -of Buhness or Calling, or dealing in, manufacturing or felling, or having, UU1 lie on Perilling or keeping in his Possession any Article, Matter or Th'ng, char?e<l th*t for the having, using or keeping whereof a Licence is or shall be he ^as obumeJ required by Law, without having a Licence for so doing, in manner "e' required by Law, the Proof that such Person hath obtained such Licence, and had the same, in for^e at the time of the Offence charged in such Complaint or Information, shall lie on the Party against whom such Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecuted, and it shall not be necessary for the Officer, or Person complaining or prosecuting such Information, to prove that the Person or Penona so complained of had not such Licence; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Exemption from mencement of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty Duty on Dogs eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of rescaled, Carriagex. Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles, or of the Schedule to the said Act annexed, as exempts any Dog which any Person shall keep who shall not be subject to any Duty in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths from the Duty on Dogs imposed by

48 G. 3. c. 4*.

Sch.

543

No Actions for Damages f>r l.ofs of Dogs sustained unless Owner has |u; id Doty.

Rc<5Vifier$ fending nut Spirits in lets Quantity than 50 Galions, forfeited.

Penalty. Rectifiers at Hated times to deliver to Collector of F.xcifc an Account of Stock-

[Penalty.]

Where Quantity let's than Ac-emmt kept by Officer.

[Penalty.]

Spirits found in Stock of Rectifier without Permit forfeited.

C. 120. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the fald Ad, or by the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the Commencement of this Act, any Person in Ireland shall sue or prosecute any Action of Trover or Action on the Case for Damages, resulting from the loss or killing of, or from any Injury done to any Dog, for the having or keeping of which any Duty is by Law payable, the Plaintiff in such Action shall not be entitled to recover any Damages whatever in any such Action, unless he shall prove, that previous to the Cause of such Action he was duly rated to and paid the said Duty in respect of such Dog, under the Provisions of the Laws in force in Ireland, for granting Duties in respect of such Dogs, or for regulating or securing the Collodion of the said Duties.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person in Ireland, licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, to fell, send out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters, in any Quantity less than Fifty Gallons; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any Person so licensed to rectify or compound Spirits, shall fell, send out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters, in Quantities less than Fifty Galions, all such Spirits or Strong Waters, and the Calks or VefTds containing the same, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Person by whom or on whose behalf the same shall be so fold, font out or delivered, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Brit ft Currency.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person in Ireland licensed to keep a Still or Stills, to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, shall within Seven Day3 after the lall Day of every Calendar Month, make out and deliver at the Office of the Collector of Excite of the Diitrid in which any such Still or Stills shall be situate, a Return or Account of all Spirits received into the Stock of such Distillerat any time during such Calendar Month; and also a Return or Account of the actual Stock of Spirits and Strong Waters in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Redifier or Compounder, on the last Day of every such Calendar Month respectively; and every such Return or Account shall be signed by such Redifier or Compounder, who shall swear to the Truth of the same, if required by the said Collector; and every Redifier or Compounder who shall neglect to deliver such Monthly Returns or Accounts within the said Space of Seven Days next after the End of every Calendar Month, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Stock of Spirits or Strong Waters in the Stores or Possession of any licensed Redifier or Compounder of Spirits and Strong Waters shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise ought to be in the Stores or Possession of such Redifier or Compounder, every such Redifier or Compounder for every time such Dccrrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shillings British Currency for every Gallon which shall be so deficient.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall be received into, or shall be found in the Stock or in any Still House or other Place of any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, for which

C. 120.

549

AtL) 1814.

54 GEO. III.

Perl'ons futt awing Losses !y aholifluirg of Fees.

such Permit for the Conveyance thereof as is by Law required, shall not on Demand of any Officer be produced, or a Certificate in lieu thereof, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Redlifier or Compounder in whose Stock or in whose Still House or other Place such Spirits shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings British Currency, for every Gallon of such Spirits Penalty, for which such Permit or Certificate shall not be produced as aforesaid.

XIX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year 48 G. 3. c. 56.

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland; and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said OJfcers, and certain

OJfcers of Excise, certain Provisions were made for the abolishing of $ 1 

Fees received by all Officers of the Cuiloms, and for the making Compensation for the Loss of such Fees, which said lall recited Act extends to all Persons, whether appointed by Patent or otherwise, acting by themselves or others in any Office or Employment relating to His Majesty's Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland; and it is expedient to make further Regulations for carrying the said last recited Act into Execution; Be it therefore enacted, That Enquiry made at any time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful, mo J, ms for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to refer to the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being, the case of any Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, who shall have held or shall hold any Office, whether by Patent or otherwise, any way relating to His Majesty's Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, or who shall have been or shall be employed in the Service of the said Cuiloms at any Port in Ireland, who may have fullained or may fullain any Loss by the abolishing of Fees under or in consequence of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and who shall claim, or in the Judgment of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, shall be entitled to claim or recover any Compensation for such Loss under or by virtue of the said last recited Act; and upon such Reference it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties for the time being to proceed, and such Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties are hereby authorized, empowered and required to proceed, as soon as may be after such Reference, to enquire into and investigate the Amount of Fees received by or on behalf of any such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, or his Predecessor, during such Period of time as shall be described in such Reference, and to examine on Oath such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, if any, and also any other Person or Persons whatever, respecting the Amount of such Fees, and respecting the Duty required to be performed by such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, and respecting any other Matters and Things whatever, which shall be referred to such Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors relating to or concerning such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, and the Office held by him, and the Compensation which he

C. 120.

A.D. 1814.

55

54 GEO. III.

v shall claim 5 and the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties

shall, from time to time without Delay, report to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Particulars of such Investigation, and the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties on every such case so referred to them in respect to the Matters and Things referred to be enquired into and investigated, together with such Observations as shall occur to them the said Commissioners, with respect to the Claim of such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person respectively, or to the Office held by such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make any Order respecting such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, and respecting the Officer or Employment held by him, and the Compensation to be paid to him as upon the Report of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall, by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, be thought requisite and necessary; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Poit Duties, to pay or cause to be paid to every such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Person, by way of Compensation for his Loss of Fees, Perquisites and Gratuities under the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, any such Sum of Money, and to any such Amount annually, not exceeding the Amount which shall be reported by the said Commissioners, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct, under his or their Sign Manual, counter-signed by Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and every such annual Payment by way of Compensation shall commence from the Day whereon the Person for w hom the same shall be directed shall have ceased to take any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, and shall continue during the Continuance of the Patent of any Patentee Officer, and during the time which any Officer or Person, not being a Patentee, shall continue to hold the Office or Employment, in respect of which such Payment by way of Compensation shall be di-pAoviso. rested as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Compensation to be

made or allowed to any such Officer shall be made and allowed in respect of the Amount of any Fees received by such Officer in such Period before the passing the said Act of the Forty eighth Year as shall be specified in such Reference of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and not under any Pretence in respect of the Amount of Fees received by such Officer in any-Year subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year and provided also, that no Compensation shall be made or allowed to any such Officer in respect of any Sum or Sams of Money paid or allowed by any such Officer to any Deputy or Deputies, but only in respect of the clear Emoluments of such Office received by such Officer after the Payment of any such Deputy or' Deputies.

Distillers charg-

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing ini', within any Of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland, within I^ur Weeks of aQy period of Four Weeks duringhich such Distiller shall work or or lns' 1 shall be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, to charge any.- such

C. 120.

55*

A.D. 1814.4* GEO. III.

such Still or Stills with any greater Quantity of Low Wines or with greater

Singlings than such Distiller is or may be required to do within Qu-, n^y

any such Period, by any Law in force at the time when such thn required,

Distiller shall be so working or chargeable as working any such Still or diililling any

or Stills, nor to make or distil in any such Still or Stills any greater greater (Quantity

Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is or may be by Law charge- Spirits than

able with in respect of the Number of Gallons Content of such Still tbcy are.

or Stills, and in respect of the Number of Charges of Singlings or

+Low Wines in such Still or Stills within such Period of Four Weeks; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that if any such Distiller shall within any such Period of Four Weeks charge any Still or Stills with any Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines than as aforesaid, or shall make or distil any greater Quantity of Spirits than as aforesaid, or if upon the Account taken by the Officer in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller of any Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings brewed or made, or found in such Distillery within such Period of Four Weeks, such Distiller shall be chargeable by Law with a greater Quantity of Spirits than as aforesaid, the Officer in Charge of such Distillery

shall charge such Distiller with double Duty for every Gallon of such Excels of Spirits, and such Distiller shall pay the said Duty, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such If Excels shall Excess of Spirits shall not be greater than the Quantities herein after not greater respectively mentioned, then and in such case such Excess shall h^eio mention-only be chargeable with the Duty payable thereon by Law, and the t(jt luCh Excess Distiller in whose Distillery such Spirits shall be distilled or found, only charged shall not be liable to the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for with Duty, and such Excess; that is to say, such Excess of Spirits distilled or made P1'lll, cr "ot in or chargeable in respect of any Still being under Two thousandabl'10 enj, 3* Gallons Content and not less than One thousand seven hundred and fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Seven hundred Gallons; or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than One thousand five hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Six hundred and twenty Gallons; or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand five hundred Gallons and not less than One thousand two hundred and Fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Five hundred and fifty Gallons; or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand tw o hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than One thousand Galions, shall not be greater than Five hundred Gallons 5 or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand Gallons and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Four hundred Gallons; or in or in respect of any Stffl under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than Five hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Three hundred Gallons; of in or in respect of any Still under Five hundred Gallons and not less than Four hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Two hundred Galions; or in or in respect of any Stul under Four hundred Gallons and not less than Three hundred Galions, shall not be greater than One hundred and fifty five Galions; or in or in respect of any Still under Three hundred Gallons and not less than Two hundred Galions, Audi riot be greater than One hundred and fifty Galions; or in or in respect of any Still under Two hundred Gallons and not less than One hundred Galions, shall not be greater than One hundred

552

0* 120.

A.D. 1814.

D'ftiHers on giving Notice that tuey intend with n i'triod of Yov.r Weeks todi.lil any greater Quantity o: ' Siagiipgs or Low Wines than required to do by Law, may charge Stills accordingly.

Distiller in what calc to pay Duty.

Distiller charging Still with greater Quantity of Singlings, &c.

[Penalty.]

Provilu.

Spirits found in Distillery of a greater Strength

54 GEO. III.

dred Gallons; or in or in respect of any Still under One hundred Gallons and not less than Sixty five Galions, shall not be greater than Sixty Gallons; or in or in respect of any Still under Sixty five Gallons and not less than Forty four Galions, shall not be greater than Fifty Gallons.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall Six Days at the lead before the Commencement of any Period of Four Weeks during which such Distiller shall work, or shall be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, give and deliver a Notice in Writing, signed by such Distiller, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and also to the Collector of the District within which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be filtrate, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, that such Distiller intends within the said Period of Four Weeks to diitil any greater Quantity of Singlings or Low "Wines than such Distiller is or may be required to do by any Law in force at the time of such Notice, and shall specify in such Notice the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines in respect of which such Distiller intends to be charged with the Duty on the Spirits produccable therefrom according to Law within such Period of Four Weeks, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Distiller, within such Period of Four Weeks, to charge such Still or Stills with a Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines specified and mentioned in such Notice, and no more; and such Distiller shall be chargeable with and shall pay Duty for all such Spirits as might be produced according to Law from such Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines within such Period of Four Weeks, whether such Still shall or flutll not be charged with the whole Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines according to such Notice; and if such Distiller shall during such Period of Four Weeks charge any such Still or Stills with any greater Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines than according to the Number of Charges mentioned in such Notice, or shall dillil in any such Still or Stills a greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with in respect of such Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, and fu Excess only and no more as is hereinbefore provided for, or if upon the Account taken by the Officer in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller of any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, brewed or made or found in such Distillery within such Period of Four Weeks, such Distiller shall be chargeable by Law with a greater Quantity of Spirits than as aforesaid, the Officer in Charge of such Distillery shall charge such Distiller with double Duty for every Gallon of such Excess of Spirits, and such Distiller shall pay such double Duty, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no such Notice of any such Distiller shall be valid or effectual for the Purpose of this Act, unless the same shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and the Collector of the District as well as to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller at the time hereinbefore required for that Purpose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland to have or keep in his Distillery any Spirits of a Strength

exceeding

A.D. 1814.

C. 120.

553

54 GEO. III.

exceeding Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof, and that if thnnTwenty five any Spirits of a greater Strength than Twenty five Degrees over Hy- ^ePreesover drometer Proof shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, all forfeited

[Proviso.]

such Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Manner of Officers of Excise; and that, for the Purpose of ascertaining the ascertaining Strength of such Spirits, the Distiller shall, before he shall pump up Strength, or remove any Spirits from the Receiver or Receivers, or other Vessel or Vessels in which such Spirits are deposited, from the Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, give Notice in Writing Six Hours at the least to the Gauger or Officer in Charge of such Distillery of the time when such Spirits are to be pumped up or removed from such Receiver or other Vessel, which time shall be at some Hour between Seven in the Morning and Nine in the Evening, and such Officer shall attend accordingly at the time specified in such Notice, or within One Hour after, to gauge and ascertain the Strength of such Spirits, and shall take a true Gauge and try the Strength thereof, and shall. call and compute the same at the Strength of Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof, and shall keep an exact Account thereof by making Entries in the Stock Books and Minute Books of such Distiller of the Quantity and Strength of such Spirits, and of the time when the same were so gauged as aforesaid; and if any Spirits in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be pumped up or removed from any such Receiver or Receivers, or other Veil'd, with such Notice having been first given as aforesaid, or before such Spirits shall have been so gauged* by such Officer, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Offences shall be committed shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Penalty. Pounds, and all such Spirits so pumped up or removed contrary to this Act shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that in case such Spirits shall exceed such Strength of Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof by less than Three Degrees, such Spirits shall not be forfeited on account of such Excess of Strength; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Recovery a Forfeitures under this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, Penakes. sued for, recovered and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late J*

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the * C'

Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Bool of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act 4^ G. 3. c. 106. made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled c*

An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and re-enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in Appeal and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years

of

S54

Commencement of Ait.

C. 120, 121.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Exiifc Duty and Drawback on French Wine granted by 53 G. 3. c. 34. Sch. A. and the Duty on Brandy, &c. granted by 47 G.3. Seir. 1. c. 27. to cease.

Exception.

Allowance made to Dealers of 5s. per Gallon of French Wine in Stock.

of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on French Wine imported and on Spirits exported from the Ware-houses; and authorizing the Repayment of the additional Duty in respect of French Wine found in Dealers* Stocks; and authorizing the Commissioners of Excise Duties to repay or remit Duties paid on Liquors loft by accidental Staving before Landing.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the additional Duties and Drawback herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the additional Duty of Excise imposed and Drawback of the said additional Duty granted on French Wine, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Tobacco and Snuff, and on French Wines, and, from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, also the additional Duties of Excise imposed by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain, on Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters delivered for Exportation to any Port or Place, not being in Europe, from any Ware-house, Storehouse, Vault, Cellar or other Place under the Locks of the Officers of Customs or Excise, or either of them, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at any time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which may have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or before or on the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as the case may require.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine in Great Britain, for every Gallon of such French Wine (reckoning Five reputed Quart Bottles to the Gallon for such French Wine as shall be in Bottles) for which the Duty hereby repealed shall have been paid, and which French Wine shall between the Fourth and the Twentieth Days of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be in the Stocx, Custody'or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, an Allowance of Five Shillings: Provided always,

A.D. 1814.

C. 121.

555

54 GEO. III.

nevertheless, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall be entitled to any Allowance for or in respect of any such French Wine, over and above the said additional Duty afttnlly paid for or in respect of such French Wine, after the Deduction of any Allowance made or received by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for or by reason of any Payment of Duty in Advance under or by virtue of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament: Provided also, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance, unless he, flic or they, shall within Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, give or leave a Notice and Declaration in Writing at the Chief Office of Excise in London, if such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall reside within the Limits thereof, or at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, if such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Seliers, shall reside within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, or to or with the proper Officer of Excise in other Parts of Great Britain, expressing his, her or their Name and Place of Abode, and the Quantity of such French "Wine, which he, she or they, shall have so had in his, her or their Stock, Custody and Possession, and for which he, she or they, intends or intend to claim the Allowance given or granted by this Act, and of the particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place where such French Wine, for or in respect of which he, flic or they claims or claim such Allowance shall have been kept or deposited at the time of the Officers so taking such Stock; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Dealer in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine to any such Allowance, unless it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively (the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of tn^in the said respective Commissioners of Excise), that the said additional Duty has been paid, and also, that no Entry has been made of the said French Wine, or of any Part thereof for Exportation on Drawback; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that no such Allowance shall be made for or in respect of any such French Wine unless the Officer or Officers of Excise, shall between the said Fourth and Twentieth Days of June % have taken a true and particular Account of such French Wine in the Stock, Custody or Possession of the Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers claiming such Allowance, for or iu respect of such Wine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of Excise, or the Officer of Excise who shall have taken such Account, and ascertained the Quantity of such French Wine in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall, with all convenient Speed and without Fee or Reward, grant and give to the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entided to the Allowance for or in respect of such French Wine, a Certificate expressing the Quantity of such French Wine, the Name and Place of Abode of the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entitled to

Conditions on which Allowance made.

53 O 3-c. 34

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Officer to grant Certificate of Quantity of Wine entitled to Allowance.

ie

55*5

Certificate produced to Commissioners of Kx-cife and Oath of Dealerthat Wine expressed in Certificate was his Property,

Sec. Allowance paid.

Allowance paid out of Duties of Excise for want of suficient Monies.

Perjury.

Forging, &c. Certificate, 5cc.

C. 121. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Allowance for or in respect thereof, and the Amount of the Allowance for or in respect of such French Wine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Certificate being produced by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, to the Commissioners of Excise for such French Wine as shall be taken an Account of under or by virtue of this Act within the 'Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or the Person appointed by them or the major Part of them to receive the same, or to the Collector of Excise, of the Collection of which any such Certificate shall be granted in other Parts of Great Britain, at any time after the End and Expiration of Six Weeks, and before the End and Expiration of Three Months from the time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine before any of the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively for that Purpose, or before such Collector, or before the Supervisor of the Division or District in which such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall reside (which Oath the said Commissioners and Person appointed by them, and the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to administer), that the said French Wine and every Part thereof specified in any such Certificate, and for which any such Allowance is or shall be claimed, was the sole Property of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, and actually in his, her or their Custody or Possession between the Fourth and Twentieth Days of June, and that the Allowance granted by this Act has not with his, her or their Privity or Consent, nor to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief been claimed for the French Wine specified in such Certificate, or for any Part thereof, by any other Person or Persons what foe ver, and that he, she or they hath or have no reason to believe but that the Duty on French Wine by this Act repealed has been paid for or in respedi of the said French Wine; and thereupon the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, or such Collector as aforesaid, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith out of the Money in their or his Hands respectively arising from the Duties on Foreign Wine, pay to the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entitled to the same, the Allowance specified in such Certificate.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners or Collectors of Excise respectively shall not from time to time have sufficient Mouies in their Hands respectively, arising from the Duties upon Foreign Wine, to pay the said Allowances, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Collectors respectively, to pay the same out of any other Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this Act required or directed, or shall

C.I2I

557

knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered, or erased, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, as or for a Certificate authorized to be granted under or by virtue of this Act, or shall make use of any Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, false, untrue, altered or erased, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures, imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, reco- levied, vered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods, as any

Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Powers of Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Ia 2. c. 24. Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the ^extendedto Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking

away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

X. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision* should be made for the Allowance or Repayment or Remission (as the case may

require) of the Duties of Excise, for or in respect of Foreign

Spirits, Wine or other imported Liquors accidentally loft by

Leakage or Staving as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore Remission of enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Duties ir respect eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for ^/aCrc[jentlnC> the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or jort' Leakage any Three or more of them, for the time being, to repay or allow or Staving, to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Consignees of any Foreign Spirits, Wine or other imported Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on Ship-board, or in the unshipping thereof, before the landing thereof, the Duties of Excise which shall have become payable, or shall have been paid for or in respect of such Spirits,

Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Excise, and

cancel and vacate the Excise Bond, for or in respect of all such

Spirits, Wine and other Liquors for which no such Duties shall have been paid, bnt for which Security shall have been given by Bond

taken for or in respect of the Warehousing thereof, before Payment of the Duties under or by virtue of an Act made in the Forty third 43 G. 3. c. 132.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in

Warehouse

55

C. 221, 122.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

49 G.3 c. 98.

16, 27.

*1 G. 3. c. 13.

 17-19-

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or of another A & made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to he warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, and which shall be so loit by such accidental Staving: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be remitted, nor any such Bond or any Part thereof be cancelled or vacated, urdefs Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft by such accidental Staving, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Consignee thereof, or his, her or their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and remain in full Force and Effect as to all the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the same shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have been loft by such accidental Staving, and for or in respect whereof the Duties of Excise shall not be so remitted; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to alter the Mode of declaring the Value of Goods imported into or exported from Great Britain.

[23d July 1814 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof it is, amongst other things,

enacted, that where by the Schedule and Table thereunto annexed the Duties of Customs by that Act imposed upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Great Britain,

are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure,

but according to the Value thereof, such Value mail be ascertained (except in certain cases therein mentioned) by the Declaration of the Importer or Exporter, as the case may be, or hk known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed,

for ascertaining and colle&ine the Duties to be paid according to the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the fold Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Remame

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Met*

chandixe, the Produce and Manufacture of the European Dom 'tmns of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; by which last recited Act it is required, that the Importer or Exporter, as the case may be, or his known Agent or Factor, shall make a Declaration of the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on the Warrant of the Entry thereof, to be subscribed

with

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

C.m.

SS9

with the Hand of the Importer, Exporter or Proprietor, as the case may be, or his known Agent or Factor, in the Presence of*Two of the principal Officers of the Customs of which the '

Collector is to be one, who are to certify the same under their

+Hands; and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain is also directed to be ascertained in the manner provided by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas great Inconvenience and Delay have been experienced by requiring the Declaration to be

made in the Presence of and to be attested by the principal Officers of the Customs: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fb So rauch of any

much of any Act or Acts of Parliament as requires the Importer or j^eclara^on of*

Exporter, or his known Agent or Factor, to declare the Value of Value of Goodi

any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, imported into or exported from to be made in Great Britain in the Presence of the principal Officers of the Customs, Presence of

and as directs such Officers to certify the same under their Hands, principal Officers

shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and, from and after the ofa^lloms re-

passing of this Act, where the Value of any Goods, Wares or Mer- Value of Goods

chandize, subject to the Payment of any Duty of Customs on the subject to Pay-

Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain is required to be ment of Duty

ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer or Exporter, or his specified on

known Agent or Factor, the same shall be specified and expressed in Enuy

Words at Length upon the Warrant or Bill of Entry, and be attested by

attested by the Signature of the Importer or Exporter of such Importer or Ex-

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or by his known Agent or Factor, porter, &c.

as the case may be, and the Value so specified and expressed in

the Warrant or Bill of Entry shall to all Intents and Purposes

whatever be of the same Force and Effect; and such Importer or

Exporter, or his known Agent or Factor, shall be in every respect

+bound thereby, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been as heretofore ascertained by the Declaration of such Importer or Exporter, or his known Agent or Factor, before the principal Officer of the Customs in the manner required by the

Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act \

and in case the Value of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so

attested or declared on any such Entry shall be less than the true and

real Value thereof at the Port of Importation or Exportation, as the

case may be, the Goods, Wares or Merchandize may be dealt with,

and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect

in the manner prescribed in such cases by the said recited Acts of the

Twenty seventh and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to Proviso for

repeal or in any way alter the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, 493.9$.

Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act of the*27'ic*

Forty ninth Year of His Majesty* 3 Reign regarding Goods, Wares and Merchandize subject to Duty on Exportation, of which the real Value cannot be ascertained at the time of Entry, but the lame* as well in regard to the Declaration before the principal Officers ai in all other respects, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

C. 122.

A.D. 1814.

560

540 CEO. III.

53 -3-

1.

0

in part repealed. V.ilise of Goods Doty-free shall, in stead of former Declaration before principal Officer, be spe-c.fied in a separate Shipping Bill delivered to Searcher, &c. Exporter, &c. not delivering separate Shipping Billj&c.

t Sit.

[Penalty.]

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more corrcB Ascertainment of the Value of Duty-free Goods exfort A

it is, amongst other things, enadHd, that on or before the Shipment of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth,

Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, not liabk Duty on Exportation from Great Britain, the Exporter or5V*>-

prietor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of the Customs, a separate Bill, containing the true and accurate

Specification of the Quantity, Quality and Value of all such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, ascertained by the Declaration of such c Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, before

the proper Officers of the Customs, in the same manner and form,

and under the like Rules and Regulations as arc prescribed and directed by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Goods,

Wares and Merchandize subject to the Payment of Duty upon being exported Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the first recited Act as requires the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, to subscribe the Declaration of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in the Presence of the principal Officers of the Customs, and as requires the said Officers to certify the same under their Hands, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu and instead of the Declaration required by the said recited Act, the Exporter or Proprietor of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, not subject to Duty on Exportation, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Searcher or other proper Officer of the Customs a separate Shipping Bill, the Indorsement on which shall contain a true and accurate Specification of the Quantity, Quality and Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, such Value being in Words at Length, attested by the Signature of the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, and such separate shipping Bill so indorsed, attested and delivered shall have the same Force and Effect as the separate Bill and Declaration of the Value before the principal Officers required by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Hull be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act contained; and if the Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or his known Agent or Factor, shall not deliver the separate Shipping Bill so indoried as aforesaid, or shall not produce the Invoice of f Bills of Pareels, or shall knowingly make any false Specification or Attestation of the Value or Contents of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, cither at the time of the first Entry, or after the same have been allowed to be

aed for Exportation, every such Exporter, Agent or Factor,

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied [in the same manner as any Forfeiture inflicted by the said recited Act may be sued for, recovered and applied.

A.D. 1^14*

54 GEO. III. C. 123.

561

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39 & 40 G. 3.

W Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An c*1*

AS to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His frefent Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and filing of Hops, and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hopsy it is, among other things, enacted, that every Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops, before he shall begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, shall mark or cause to be marked, on the Outside thereof, his Name and Place of Abode: And Whereas

by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 48 G.$. c. 134* 4 present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to 

the Marling of Bags and Pockets of Hops, it is enacted, that every Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops, shall also mark on the Outside of every Bag or Pocket of Hops, the Name of the Parish and of the County in which the Hops put into any such Bag or Pocket,

shall be grown: And Whereas many Persons not only mark their own Names and the Parishes and Counties in which the Hops were grown on such Bags or Pockets, but also in addition thereto the Name and Symbol of other Counties, to the great Injury of such Owners or Growers whose Description they so use, as well as to the Dealers in Hops, and of the Public Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thou- Grower*, of land eight hundred and fourteen, every Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops not to pat Hops, before he, she or they shall begin to put any Hops into any Name or Bag or Pocket, shall mark or caused to be marked on the Outside ^h!*1* of each and every such Bag, in large plain and legible Letters, of Four Inches in Length at the least, and Half an Inch in Breadth, Pockets, and on the Outside o? every such Pocket in large plain legible Letters of Three Inches in Length and Half an Inch in Breadth at the least with durable Ink or Paint, his, her or their Name or Names, and the Parish and County in which the said Hops, to be packed therein, were actually grown; and if any Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops, or any other Person or Persons (h^ll put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, without having marked or caused to be marked thereon in manner hereinbefore directed, the several Matters and Things hereinbefore required and prescribed, or shall before or at any future time after such Hops have been paeked, or shalls mark or cause to be f Sic. marked thereon the Name of any other Person, Parish or County* than as is hereinbefore directed or prescribed, or the Symbol appertaining to, or any thing denoting to be the Symbol of any other County or Place, every such Owner, Planter or Grower, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for ewery such Bag or Pocket, Penalty* to be recovered and applied ip maimer directed by the said recited Act.

54 Geo. IlL O o II. And

56a

Hop Planters packing different Hops in Bag.

[Penalty.]

*9 G* > c. 68.

14*

'fobrrco and Snuft imported into Plymouth.

Regulations of Ad and other Acts in force observed in Importation.

t

C. 123, 124. 54 GEO. III. A.I>. 1814.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops shall knowingly put or suffer to be put any Hops of different Qualities and Value in the same Bag or Pocket, every such Owner, Planter or Grower, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Bag or Pocket, to be recovered and applied in manner before directed.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth.

[23d July 18x4.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffy dwi

for granting new Duties in lieu thereof it was, amongffc other things,

enacted, that no Tobacco or Snuff whatever should be imported 'or

brought into any Part of Great Britain except the Ports of London, 1 Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouthy Whitehaven, Bully

Port Glasgow, Greenock and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of jJl

such Tobacco and Snuff respectively as should be importAror brought into any Part of Great Britain, except some or one of the said Ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the Hogt

heads, Casks, Chests, Cases and other Packages respectively containing such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or Vessel

in or on board which the same should be so imported or brought,

together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Ap 4 parel: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, nothing in the said recited Act shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth 5 but that it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth: Provided always, that on the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth the same shall be subject and liable to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which Tobacco and Snuff are respectively subject and liable by virtue of the said recited Act or any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, on being imported into any of the Port* particularly enumerated in the said recited Act 5 and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions and Authorities in and by the said recited Act and every other Act and Acts ef Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, relating to Tobacco and Snuff imported into any of the said enumerated rorts shall apply and he put m full Force and Execution with respect to Tobacco and Snuff imported into the said Port of Plymouth, as fully and effectually to act Intent* and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions and Authorise!, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

J Act;

A.D. rfii4* 54 GEO. III. C. 124, 125, r25<; 563

Ad { and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions and Authorities in and by the said recited Act, and every other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall also apply and be put in full Force and Execution with respect to the said Port of Plymouth, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers,

Directions and Authorities, were particularly repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Act.

as to Importation into Neweafle, 31 G. 3. c. 47. ? 3 4-3

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Mads, Yards,

Bowsprits and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ? 3- c* IX7*

An Act to permit until the Firs Day of January One thousand eight continued*

T

hundred and nine % the Importation of Mq/h, Tar dr and Bowsprits,

or of Timberst for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North

America, Dutyfree; which laid Ad was by an Act passed in the Si G-3- c-33-

Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign last continued until the

Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the War, shall,

from and after the Expiration of the said Six Months, be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Eng George the First for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth 1 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First,

intituled An Act for more equal payings and better collecting certain small Sums therein mentioned, for the Relief of shipwrecked mariners and dsflrcjfed Persons (His Majesty's Subjects) in the Kingdom of Portugal, and for other pious and charitable Purposes usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to Portugal, certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to levy small Sums of Money by a Rate on the Freight and Tonnage of all Goods imported into the Dominions of the Eng of Portugal in British and Irish Vessels,

to be applied to the Support and Subsistence of a Minister of the Gospel, to the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Per- ion*, His Majesty's Subjects, and for other pious, charitable and

O 0 2*public

8 G.x. c. 17.

li-

ft*

5$4

C. 126.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

public Uses: And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the said Act in as far as regards the Portuguese Dominions in South 1 America and their Dependencies, and to new regulate the same 5* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority His Majesty's of the same, That, from and after the First Day of January One ConfuUempow- thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful for the ered to levy, on Consul General and Consuls for the time being, appointed for His entering Pom Majesty's Subjects trading to, from or in the Portugue/e Dominions of Portuguesen South America and their Dependencies, and for any Person or Dominions in Persons duly authorized by him or them respectively, to recover South America, and receive from all Matters or other Chief Officers or Commanders*CX- Ships and Vessels belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of

Half per Cent. Majesty's Subjects which may enter any of the Ports or Places

on Value of within or belonging to the said Portuguese Dominions in South America Cargoes Inwards and their Dependencies, the following Sums in lieu of the Sums and Outwards, dire died to be levied by the Portugal Contribution Act before mentioned, to be employed in the pious, charitable and public Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money in Addition to the Sums now collected by the said Consul General and Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, for their Support and Maintenance, by virtue and Authority of His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent, as shall not, together with the said Sums collected under the Patent, exceed in the Aggregate One Half per Centum on the Value of all their respective Cargoes, both Inwards and Outwards, laden or unladen, in any of the Ports or Places within the Dominions aforesaid; the Value of such Cargoes How Cargoes to be estimated in manner following; that is to say, the Value of the valued. Goods and Effects composing the Inward Cargoes to be ascertained by the Pauta or Custom House Valuation at the respective Custom Houses of the Ports or Places within the said Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, at which such Ships or Vessels may unlade; and in cases where no Valuation has been taxed, then by the Current Market Prices, exclusive of the Import Duty; the Value I of the Goods and Effects composing the Outward Cargoes to ha estimated by the Current Market Prices of the Articles composing the same at the Period of Shipment, exclusive of the Export Duties; and in case any Difference of Opinion should arise as to the said Market Price, the same shall be determined and fixed by Two indifferent British Merchants residing on the Place, One to be chosea and appointed by the said Consul General or Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, and the other by the Matter of the Vessel or the Consignee or Shipper of the Cargo; and in case the Two Persons so chosen shall not agree and award the same within Seven Days after such Appointment, then such Two Persons shall choose a Third Person, being also a British Merchant residing on the Place, who shall decide and determine the said Current Market Price within the Space of Three Days after his Appointment, unless it shall be otherwise mutually agreed upon between the Hud Consul General or Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, and the Consignee or Shipper of the Cargo; and such Sum shall be paid in either case asihall be agreeable to this

C. 12 6.

A.D. 1814.

540 Geo. nr.

S6S

Act; [and from all Matters or other Chief Officers or Commanders Duty not to ex of all Ships or Vessels as aforesaid which may enter any of the said ce^ 100 Ports or Places within the Portuguese Dominions in South America, ^er on* or their Dependencies aforesaid, the Duty of One Half per Centum on whose Cargoes, including the Sums now collected by the said Consul General or Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively by virtue and Authority of His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent, shall not amount together therewith to One hundred Reis per Ton Burthen, as per Register of such Ships and Vessels, any Sum or Sums of Money in addition thereto, as shall not together therewith exceed in the Aggregate One hundred Reiser Ton Burthen as per Register of such Ship or Vessel.] [ Query the reading in Brackets, but the Roll is Jo.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Diamonds, Diamonds, Specie, Bullion and Precious Stones of all kinds, shall not be liable Specie, &c. not to any Duty under this Act; but are expressly excepted from and 1, able to shall be free of all Contribution Charges.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Matters, Commanders Manifest* of or other Chief Officers of all British Ships and Vessels trading to ^cVnaiU^ or from any of the Ports or Places in the Portuguese Dominions within limited in South America and their Dependencies aforesaid, and unloading tim, or delivering the Ship or Vessel, or any of the Cargo there, shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, deliver to the Consul General or Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them for that Purpose respectively, a true Manifest in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of fuen Ship or Vessel, so to be unloaded or delivered, or of such Part thereof as shall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; and likewise, Twenty four Hours before the said Matters, Commanders or other Chief Officers require the Outward Clearances or Passports for their said Ships or Vessels, they shall deliver to the said Consul General or Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them for that Purpose respectively, a true Manifest in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel laden there, or of such Part thereof as shall have been laden or received on board such Ship or r Vessel in the said Port or Place, which Oaths the Consul General,

Consuls, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer^ra/ir upon Request.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills of Lading of fuel* BiHs of Lading Ships and Vessels shall specify to pay the said Monies accordingly, to specify Con-under the Denomination of Contribution as per Act of Parliament, " or to that Effect, and the Persons paying the same shall be ment. re-imbursed by the Persons to whom the said Goods and Merchandizes shall be consigned or who shall receive the same, or by their respective Freigliters; and in case the Matter or Commander of such Matter,

Ship or Vessel shall neglect to specify the Payment of the said answerable* Monies in the Bill or Bills of Lading as aforesaid, he shall be answerable for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, for the better securing and collecting the Payment of the said Monies herein directed to be levied for the -Ptifposes aforesaid, That the Consul General or Consuls for the Confute may iitye btdng within the Portufuefc Dominions in South America and

s 66

C. 126.

A.D. 1814.

Former T> jty to eeafe on Payment of Duty now required.

Application of Money raised.

Money collected paid over to Treasurer every Three Months.

Yearly Meeting of firkilh Mex-

54 GEO. III.

their Dependencies aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to detain the Clearances Outward, and all other Papers of all such British Ships and Vessels as aforesaid, and not to give or deliver any Dispaich or Passport for any such Ship or Vessel until Payment be made as required; and in case any Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Monies, shall at any time think proper to depart without his said Clearances Outwards, in such case the said Consul General or Consuls shall, upon the Return of the said Matter or Commander to any Port of His Majesty's Dominions, have a just Action at Law against him or them for all the Money which by virtue of this Act ought to have been paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons in the Portuguese Dominions in South America and their Dependencies liable to pay the Duties on Freight and Tonnage in pursuance of the Act before mentioned, commonly called The Portugal Contribution AQ> for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment made of the Sums required by this Act, from time to time to be paid as aforesaid, be exempted and discharged from Payment of the said Duties for the future*

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to be raised or received by Authority of this Act, applicable to the Purposes of the said Contribution Fund, shall be applied in the several Ports and Places within the said Portuguese Dominions and their Dependencies in South America to all or any of the following Purposes; that is to say, to the Support and Subsistence of a Minister of the Eilabhshed Church of England to pray, preach and exercise his Ministerial Functions there; to the Salary of a Judge Conservator and of such Officers of his Court as may be deemed necessary by the Majority of the British resident Merchants established on the Place, convened, assembled and presided as herein directed; to the Expences of an Hospital and Medical Assistants, to the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distrefTed Persons, His Majesty's Subjects 5 and to such other pious, charitable and public Uses as shall be ordered and directed by the Majority of resident British Merchants established on the Place, duly convened, assembled and presided, by the Consul General or Consuls for the time being within the said Portuguese Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, or by the Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consul General or Consuls for the time being in the said Portuguese Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, or the Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, shall, and he and they are hereby required and directed to pay over at lead once in every Three Months to the Treasurer of the said Contribution Fund, eledbed and appointed in the manner herein directed, all such Sum or Sums of Money as be or they respectively may receive under this Act, applicable to the Purposes of the said Fund, and for which Payment or Payments from time to time made by the said Consul General or Consuls for the time being, or Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer shall be a good and sufficient Discharge or Discharges.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Consul General and Consuls for the time being within the said Portuguese Dominions in

South America and their Dependencies, or the Person or Persons chants held to authorized by him or them respectively, shall call and summon in makrerRcJiVla*. each respective Port or Place within the said Dominions and their bution^of Fund", Dependencies, some time in the Month of January of each Year, a and to appoint*General Meeting or Assembly of the British Merchants residing and Treasurer. established in such Port or Place, at which Meetings or Assemblies the said Consul General or Consuls for the time being, or the Person or Persons authorized by him or them respectively, shall preside, the Majority of which Meeting shall have Power to make such Bye-Daws and Regulations for the good Management. and Distribution of the said Contribution Fund, and for its due Application to the Purposes herein mentioned as may be deemed necessary, shall elect a Treasurer for the said Fund during the ensuing Year and generally order and determine all Matters and Things relating to the Premises.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be esteemed Public Act, and taken in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere to be a Public Act,

and shall be taken Notice of as such without special pleading of the lame; and if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act or in relatkm to the Premises, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and Oensral Issue, the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon,; )

and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdidi shall pass a gain ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-.fendant or Defendants shall have full Coils, and shall have such Cods.

Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hate for Coils in other cases by Law.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to permit the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth, without Stamps.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the 13 G* 1. c.act

W Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; certain Rules and Regulations were established for encouraging and improving the said Manufactures, and in particular, Directions were thereby given

1 for the marking and lapping any Manufacture made of Linen Yarn previous to the Sale or Exportation thereof; and certain Penalties were imposed upon the Sale, packing up for Sale, or Exportation $ ai.

of any such Goods not lapped and marked according to such Directions; and Penalties were also imposed in respect of any *

Offence against the said Act by the Lapper or Stamp Master not observing the Directions thereof: And Whereas by another Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty 24 G. a. 0.31. V King George the Second, intituled An Act for explaining, amending cod enforcing an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His late Mniejly'i'K.

" O o 4 f Reign,

U?ien Cloth exported though Stamps required by Acts uken therefrom.

If k I. G. J.

(J.)cii

16.

is*16 g; 3;

(1.) c, % s. 4 4.

C. 127, 128.. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

'Reign9 intituled An Act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen

Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and [ for farther regulating and encouraging the fata Manufactures; it

was enacted, that all Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Ireland imported into or exposed to Sale in Scotland, which shall not have the Seals or Stamps of some Stamp Mailer appointed by the Twf-

tees for the Linen Manufacture of Ireland affixed thereon, shall be forfeited, and shall be seized and tried in the same manner as is

directed by the said Act with regard to such Linen of the Manfr*

fadlure of Scotland as is exposed to Sale without being stamped:

And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Acts should be repealed as to render legal the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland respectively of any Linen Cloth deprived

of the Markings and Stamps directed by the before recited Acts to be affixed or put upon the same, and intended to be so exported May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons (any thing to the contrary in the said recited Acts not with (landing) to export to Foreign Parts from any of the Ports of Scotland or Ireland, any Linen Cloth from which the Stamp may have been cut or taken, and to cut or take the Stamp therefrom for the Purposeoffo exporting such Cloth to Foreign Parts, faring and referring always the Rights and Claims of all Persons concerned to any legal Bom* ties payable on or in respect of such Linen Cloth.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

[23d July 1814/J

T ZJ WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's

Reign, for better regulating the Foundling Hospital and Work*

houie in the City of Dublin, and increasing the Fund for the Sup*

port thereof; it is, among other things, enacted, that all and every Poor Child and Children under the Age of Six Years, who shall be found or taken up within the said City and Liberties thereto adjoining, or sent to the Foundling Hospital, shall be received and kept therein or sent to nurse therefrom: And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His present MajestyY Reign, for amending the said recited Act - 4 of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's

Reign, it is, among other things, enacted, that, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy fix, there shall not be received into the said Hospita] or sent to nurse therefrom any Child who shall appear to be above f the Age of One Year old, upon any account whatsoever; any Law to the contrary not with standing: And Whereas Doubts have*

ariien how far all Infants (not being of the Age of more than Twelve Months) presented at the said Hospital at all times of the Day and Night, and on all Days in the Year, are entitled to be

received

A.D. 1814 54 GEO. III. C. ia8. 5^9

received into the said Hospital: And Whereas the Number of

Infants presented for Admission at the Hospital has of late Years

considerably increased, and there is reason to believe that several of them are the Children of Parents in circumstances sufficient to

enable them to maintain them, and it has been found that great

Mortality ha9 taken place among the Infants sent to the said Hof-9 pita!, particularly during the Winter and Spring Months: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Governors may passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gover. nors of the said Hospital, or any Three or more of them, from time jnt" Hospital for to time to make Orders for suspending and to suspend the Admission six Months in of Infants into the said Hospital for any Space or Period of time not the Year and exceeding Six Months in the whole in any one Year and also to rcfu* Admission make Orders for refilling and to refuse admitting any Infant into catd

the said Hospital at any time unless the Person by whom such Infant ^areunc cinnot is brought for Admission shall produce to some Officer of the said be discovered. Hospital, to be nominated or appointed for that Purpose, a Certificate signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish from which such Infant is sent, setting forth that the said Minister and Churchwardens have made diligent Inquiry respecting the Birth and Parentage of such Child, and that they have not been able to discover the Parents of such Child, or either of them, or that the Parents or Parent of such Child is not in circumstances sufficient to maintain such Child, as the case may be 5 any thing in the said recited Acts, or in any other A A or A As, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Gover-

nors of the said Hospital shall, previous to the Periods of suspending the Admission of Children as aforesaid, cause public Notice of the Order for such Suspension, and of the Commencement and Con- T tinuance of the Duration of such Suspension to be given by printed Advertisements or Hand-bills for the Space of Three Months previous to the Commencement of such Suspension, and shall cause such printed Hand-bills to be posted on the Gates and in other conspi-

cnous Places in and about the said Hospital, and shall also cause such Advertisements or Hand-bills to be distributed among the Clergy and Churchwardens of the several Parishes, and among the Magistrates of the several Counties in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or 1

counterfeit any Certificate of any Minister or Churchwarden required Cltes'

this Act, or any Paper purporting to be such Certificate, or shall forge or counterfeit the Name or Hand Writing of any Person or Persons required to subscribe any such Certificate, the Offender, being thereof convicted according to Law, either at any Affixes or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County', '

City* Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall imprisonment. be imprisoned for any Term not less f than Two Years, as the Court r^5/^ before whom such Person was convicted shall order and direAw; "'

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Dutiei on Import, Sec. in Schedules (A) and (B)and Drawbacks in Schedule (A.) granted in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks. Exception of Duties for Local Purposes.

Proviso for 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67.

40O.3. (I.) c. 38.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties.

[25 th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's (government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty-, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collcded and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation and Exportation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and not having been imported into Great Britain or Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, mentioned and set forth in the Schedules hereunto annexed marked (A.) and (B-), imported into or exported from Ireland, the several Duties of Ctif-toms inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedules; and that there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties of Importation, as the same are also respectively inserted, specified and set forth in the said Schedule marked (A.) in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act; except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain Local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such Local Purposes by the Acts by which the said Dikies are or shall be granted and imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to repeal or aker any of the Provisions contained in Two Alts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce and Mantiia&ure of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Growth, Produce or Manufacture

57*

ture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted

from any Duties of Customs or Excise, whether Counterrailing or

others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given

in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; save and ex- Except as altered

cept as to the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks granted by

by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and which are or may be altered by this Act, or have been or may be

altered by any other Act or Acts made or to be made in pursuance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose.

III. An 1 Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of 39 Mo 6*3-

the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the increased Duties imposed by this Act, and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, on Organzined and Raw Silks imported into Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties should be charged on ah Silk Manufactures of Great Britain imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased

Duties in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Countervailing

the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four- titles on

teen, there shall be charged on the Silk Manufactures of Great Bri- into Ire*

tain imported directly from thence into Ireland, mentioned, set forth

and described in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, former Counter-

the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively in- vailing Duties.

ferted, specified and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Equivalent

Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Silk Manufactures,

under or by virtue of any Act (a) or Acts of Parliament in force

in Ireland at the time of the paiung of this Act; and that upon the '

Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the

Growth, Product or Manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain or

elsewhere, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in

Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said

Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same, (a) [See 39 40 G. 3. c. 67. Art. 6. Sch. 2?.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties, &c. backs in this Act, and in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, (except on Salt) specified, mentioned and contained (except the Duty and Drawback Pald m British on Salt imported into or exported from Ireland), mall be paid and Consolidated payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that pun<j#

such Duty and Drawback on Salt shall be paid and payable in Irish

Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made

Plait of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said

Duties, and all Drawbacks in the said Schedules specified, mentioned Duties,c. paid

and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles according to

and Things in this Act, and the respective Schedules hereunto an- Tale, Weight,

nexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, &c#

Weight, Guage, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified 5 and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number,

Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of lucn Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

' V. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties payable Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the on Goods not Oood9, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in this Act, entered or Duty and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed (except the Duties J?011?1?

a the several Sorts -of Deals and Deal Ends, and Mahogany, in Jg* 1

A.D. 1814.

sn

Exception.

And on such as shall have been warehoused and remain in Ware-hou(e on or after that Day.

Piovifa

Duties secured by Bond.

Dude*, fcc. on Foreign Goods under following A&i to cease; vis.

45 G. 3. c.t8. Sch. A, amt B.

C. 129. 54 GEO. III.

the said Schedule specified) shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall not have been entered on or before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four* teen; and that the said Duties on Deals and Deal Ends and Mahogany, shall be charged and payable on all such Deals and Deal Ends and Mahogany, as shall be entered at any time after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this A A.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the said Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured, on or after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Puf-pose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the time when the Duties which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, would have been payable by Law.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed marked (A.) granted or imposed may, in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond Or Otherwise.*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties of Customs on the Importation into Ireland of any Goods, Warei and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacturet of Great Britain, and all Drawbacks in respect of such Duties aa granted or imposed and made payable or allowed in and by all of any and every of the Acts herein after mentioned, or any Schedule or Schedules to the said Acts annexed, or in or by any Act for cottv tinuing or amending the said Acts, or any of them; shall, ' fhn^and after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, ' cease and determine, and shall be no longer* pidd^or payable; that is to say, in and by an Act made the rorty^fthYdrr of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

His Majesty, until the Twenty Jifib Dap tjf eight hundred landfix*, certainRaMs tthtl Duke*\ upon1

r^- imported

A.D. 1814.

573

54 GEO. III. C129.

imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to the said Act annexed; and in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 46 G. 3. c. 62. Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of Sep- Sth- A. tember One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the lm-fortation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, and the Schedule marked (A.) to the said Act annexed; and in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty until the 47 G.3. Seir. 2. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain c. 16. Sell. A. Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation aufl of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to the said Act annexed; and in and 48 G. 3. c. 80^ by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's 3  6. Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend federal Adsfor granting certain Rates and Duties-, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported; and in and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 5C G. 3. c. 97. continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Sch* A*and and eleven9 and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported, into and extorted from Ireland, and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed; and in 5* G. 3. c. 38. and by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's 3*

Reign, intituled An Act to allow the free Importation between Great

+Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland, so long as the same shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa

Nuts imported into Ireland; and in and by another Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to con- 51 0.3.>86.

tinucy until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Sch.

twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and

Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods,

Wares and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant tp His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thou* fond eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and the Schedule to the said Act annexed; and in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth 53*G.3. c. 55. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend^A, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods % Wares and Merchandize imported iota tmd exported from Ireland; and to grant, until, the said >'Fifth

574

A.D. 1fri4*

ante, c. 8x.

Sch. A.

Exception.

Articles emime-xated in Sch. to 45 G. 3- c-18. but not enumerated in Sch. to A^, to pay ad valorem Duty.

Articles not enumerated in

Sib. to

45 G. 3. c. 18. but enumerated in Sch. (A.) of Ad; liable to Duties as enumerated Articles, under Ad.

C. 129. 54 GEO. III.

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Draw hacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and the Schedule to the said Act annexed 5 and in and by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, until the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to make further Regulations for securing the Colie Sion of the said Duties, and the Schedule thereto annexed; and that, from and after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, granted on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and the Drawbacks in respect thereof mentioned, specified and set forth in this Act, and the said Schedule, shall be paid and payable, and allowed and allowable, on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in lieu of the Duties and Drawbacks thereon under the said hereinbefore recited Acts, or any of them; save and except only as relates to any Arrears of the said Duties under the said recited Acts due and payable on the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and save only as is hereafter provided in and by this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present MajestyY Reign for granting Duties on Goods imported into Ireland, or any Schedules thereto annexed, any Duties were imposed or made payable on any Articles, Matters or Things, which are not specified or enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, all such Articles, Matters and Things not so specified or enumerated in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, shall pay the Duty in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, according to the Value thereof, as Goods, Wares and Merchandize not being enumerated or described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and accordingly as the same shall or shall not be in pan or wholly manufactured, in lieu and instead of the Duties on the said Articles, Matters and Things specified or enumerated in the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid; and that where any Articles, Matters or Things which were not enumerated in any Schedule fcunexed to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Matty's RfeifoO are enumerated or described in the Schedule marked (A.) to tSf; Act annexed, such Articles, Matters and Things shall bcuidble t* enumerated Articles to the Duties in the said Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, mentioned and specified, in lieu of the Dut*vo the Value thereof to which such Articles, Matters and Things were liable, as not being enumerated in the Schedule annexed fd the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His MajestyVRafen aforesaid"

; 16. - - < X. And

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 129. 575

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Existing Coun-Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the tcr, m? duties fe?eral Countervailing Duties on the several Sorts of Goods, Wares Drawbacks con-and Merchandize herein after mentioned and specified, being of the tinned to be paid Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported under following from thence directly into Ireland, and the several Equivalent Draw- Acts; viz. backs on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence directly to Great Britain, shall continue to be paid, and shall be paid and payable according to the several Amounts thereof, specified in the several Acts herein after mentioned, and as the same are granted and made payable by the said Acts until the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be altered or repealed by any other Act or Acts; and that such Countervailing Duties, and Equivalent Drawbacks, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, in respect of the Duties in Ireland, upon the like Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, or on the Materials'of which they may be composed, granted and imposed by this Act, or any other Act or Acts m force in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this Act 5 that is to say, that the Countervailing Duties, On Glass, &c. and Equivalent Drawbacks on Glass Bottles, on Leather unmanu- under factured on Leather dressed in Oil, on Leather manufactured into 39^ 40^.3. Goods, and Wares, on Vellum and Parchment, and on Mead, and g*cj1<* Metheglin, and on Vinegar, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the same are granted and made payable in and by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and 4 G. 3. (I.) that the Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Refined ct 3*

Sugars shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the same are granted and made payable in and by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Twenty ninth Refined Sugar Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain under Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and 4^0.3. c.dai Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Teas, Sch* " into and front Ireland; and that the Countervailing Duties and Cards and Dice Equivalent Drawbacks on Cards and Dice, on Paper and Paper See. under Hangings, on Books, on Wrought Plate, and on Sweets or Made 47 0.3. Sess. t. Wines, mall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and c-l8* &h. B. as the same are granted and made payable in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, m lieu of former Duties of Exctfe, Taxes and Drawbacks, in tn

Schedule marked (B.), to the said Act annexed; and that the Coun- I

tervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Cordage shall be3 c. 3. c. 5$. paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the same are 3. granted and made payable by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend fevered Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merthandtnc imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bust* drtdanj fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation,

C. 120.

4 GEO. III.

A.D.

Milt and Beer,

&c. under 5.1 0.3. e., <H  a. '

Tohicco and Snuff, under 53 G. 3. t.57.

Glas* under c. 87. ante.

0IJ011, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, into tsndfrOm Ireland; Stra that the Coadj. tet^raising Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks dd Mak, and tuxra Beer or Ale, shall be paid according to the Amount theteor fied, and as the same are granted and made payable by an Act made in the said Fifty third Year, intituled An Act M gtitnt to RUs Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt; arm that Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Tobacco matmi featured or unmanufactureed, and on Snuff, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the same are granted atm made payable by an Act made in the said Fifty third Year, m# tuled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ini land on Tobacco; and that the Countervailing Duties and Eqmvji lent Drawbacks on Spirits and on Plate Glass and Window Ghf$ shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the same are or may be granted, in or by any Act or Acts passed Ur to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, or under such j^dBr as may be in force for granting and imposing such last mentioned Countervailing Duties, at the time of the Importation of such Spmd or Glass respectively, and upon all such Plate Glass and Winder# Glass, as shall not have been imported and entered at any tnnebefptW the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and that all such Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks shall be paid and payable under such Rules and Regulation respecting the lame as are contained in the said recited Acts or an/ of them, as if the said Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks were specifically mentioned and set forth in this A A, and a iff the said Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Duties granted and made payable on the Importation into Ireland, of Salt, Hops and Coals, Hops and Coals, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great 45 0.3. C. 18. Britain, under the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His MajfJlj, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties; and to allow certain Drawbacks and 1 Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and eu* ported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawback' and Bounties; and also the Duties payable upon the Exportation Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Mans-faAtfre of Ireland mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked ' (C.), annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Yeat of Hll4 present Majesty's Reign; and also the Duties of Tonnage upon Ships and Vessels trading to Ireland, and the Duties on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin mentioned and fp^ci-find in the Schedule marked (D.J, annexed to the said last recited Act; and also the Bounties and Allowances on the Exportation of Linen 8, Calicoes and Cottons, and on Books specified in the Sche- dole marked (E.), annexed to the said lall recited Act, shall be afx) continue m force, from and after the pefGng of this A A, until the said Duties and Bounties shall be altered or repealed respeAMy by airyAA or AAs; and the said Duties and Bounties mail be paid' and payable as if the same had been specified, repeated and re-nadfed in this present Act, and shall be levied, ctfleaedknd most in fiidi

I1 i tnanner

Duties on Britkh Silt,

S 7

and Duties 00 Export, Too.

Duties sod Bounties on.Linen, and Bonks, under 45 0.3* tZ. Schedule C.D. and B. to continue to be paid.

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

577

manner at it directed by the said recited Act, or by any Ad or Ada amending the same, in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties made payable by this Act, or the Schedule (A.) thereto annexed, on any Articles Mich might heretofore have been imported into Ireland without Payment of Duty, shall be paid according to this Act^and the Schedule (A.), thereto annexed; and that no Duty shall be paid on the Im-

 nation of any of the Articles in this Act, or the said Schedule: reto annexed, specified and dated to be Duty-free on Importation into Ireland; provided that due Entry of all such Goods be made in the Culiom House of the Port in Ireland where such Goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every such Entry, the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages in which any such Goods shall be imported, with the Quantities and Qualities and Particulars thereof, and in the same Manner and Form as Entries are legally to be made in Ireland, in cases of Importation of Goods subject to Duty  and that such Goods shall be landed at the Places and Time* required by Law, and in the Presence of the proper Officer, and by him examined and discharged, otherwise such Goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Custom9.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks

Xn the Exportation of any Cordage, manufactured in Ireland wed and made payable by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amendseveral Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four teen, certain new and additional Duties, on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland; shall continue to be paid and allowed, and shall be paid and allowed in respect of any Cordage manufactured in Ireland, from Hemp, which shall have paid the Duties by this Act imposed, and which shall be exported to Great Britain, or elsewhere; and that upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, which shall be exported to any other Place than Great Britain* the Drawback or Compensation mentioned and specified in/ the said incited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excift in Ireland on Tobacco, shall continue to be paid and allowed in respect of Tobacco manufactured from any Leaf Tobacco which shall have paid the Duties imposed by this Act, and the Schedule (A.), thereto annexed, and the Excise Duty payable thereon according to Law,; until the said several Drawbacks shall be repealed or altered by any. Act or Acts, and as if the said several Drawbacks had been expressly repeated and set forth in this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Rates and Duties and allowing Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into or exported from Ireland, or any other Act Acts hereinbefore recited, and in force immediately 54 GEO. III. Pp before

New Duties on

Goods formerly free payable under Ait.

[Penalty.]

Drawbacks on Cordage a* under 53 ii.3. c-55- 3-

and uponTo-bacco exported to Foreign Parts under 53 G. 3. c.J7.  ' 1

comirutdia force.

Drawbacks under 45 3*

c. 18. Sec. shall continue payable with respect to Goods having paid former Duties.

No Drawback* unlel's on Good* exerted within Three Years after Importation.

In what case Drawback, kc. not paid.

Proviso for Wine.

Treasury may suspend One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Slul'uig* of Duty on Sugar under Act, as empowered under

C. i2p. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

before the passing of this Act, shall remain and continue payable with respcd to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof, by the said recited Acts, or any of them, and which shall after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen be exported from Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks inserted, specified and set forth in this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked (A.), shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as shall have paid the Duties imposed thereon, by this Act and the said Schedule thereto annexed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Drawbacks of Customs allowed or made payable by this Act upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Articles, Matters or Things whatsoever which shall have been or shall be imported into Ireland, and all Bounties and Allowances of Customs whatsoever, shall without any Fee, Reward or Deduction, be paid by the several Collectors at the respective Ports of Exportation within One Calendar Month after the same shall be lawfully demanded, out of any Money arising out of any Duties by them collected: Provided always, that no such Drawback, Bounty or Allowance whatsoever, shall be paid or allowed, unless the Goods, Wares or Merchandize on which the same shall be claimed, be exported within Three Years from the Importation thereof, the said Three Years to be reckoned from the Day on which Entry shall have been made of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize 5 nor unless due Proof be made to the Satis* faction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties of the Entry of such Goods, and of the Payment of the Duties, in respect whereof such Drawbacks shall be respectively claimed 5 and that bo Drawback, Bounty or Allowance whatsoever shall be paid on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Articles, Matters or Things exported from Ireland, unless all Requisites shall have been performed which by any Law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any Regulations made, or to be made by the said Commissioners of Customs, and Port Duties in Ireland, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, are or at any time shall be required to be performed for obtaining such Drawback, Bounty or Allowance respectively, nor shall any Drawback, Bounty or Allowance be paid unless the Proofs necessary for obtaining the same be made, and the Drawback, Bounty or Allowance, be claimed within Two Yean from the Date of the Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise for Exportation from Ireland: Provided always, that any Wine imported into Ireland, may be exported from thence at any time within Five Years from the Importation thereof, and the Drawbacks and Allowances on the Exportation thereof shall and may be allowed and paid accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever in any Pub* lication of the Dublin Gazette, containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, inserted in the London Gazette, it shall appear that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar

ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain or any Period required by Law for ascerUminz the Rates of Draw* backs and Bounties on fuqh Sugar, and on Refined Sugar) shall be

below

579

A.D. 18f4*

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

47 G.3. SeflT I. c. 19. 5.

below Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such C2fe it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, for the time being, to suspend for any such Period as aforesaid, the Payment of One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on such Sugar by this Act granted, as the case may require, and to take off and to remove such Suspension as is directed by an Act made in the Forty sixth 46 G.3. &6*. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting 6. to His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand tight hundred and six, certain Duties On the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, in like manner as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury are Authorized to do for the Periods in the said Act mentioned; and and then de-that whenever the Payment of any Part of the said Duty shall be so creal*e Draw-suspended as aforesaid, the several Drawbacks and Bounties payable, 'ja<ck^sa"ltJd^un" On the Exportation of such Sugar, or of Refined Sugar manufactured therefrom, shall from time to time be decreased in such Proportions, and for such times and in such manner as is directed and provided in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed in Ireland, until the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and that in like manner the Countervailing Andalfode-Duties on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, im- creife Counter ported into Ireland, and the Equivalent Drawbacks on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain, shall from time to time be decreased, and the Payment thereof shall be suspended in such Proportions, and for such time and irr such manner as is directed and provided by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Decrease and Susperfion in certain Cases of Part of the Countervailing Duties on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or a ft nof to ex-the Schedule thereto annexed contained, shall in any manner extend tendtoEuft

to charge with Duty any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, imported, n<in Goods directly into Ireland or through Great Britain into Ireland, from W1"'I*IC 0 any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter, granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; but that the Duties and Drawbacks on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be paid under and by virtue of any Ad made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting Duties on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and for establishing Regulations for the Security of the Duties on Goods so imported.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Duties by this Act imposed on Linfced Oil and Cocoa Nuts imported, as shall remain, after deduding the Hereditary Duties thereon, shall be paid and issued by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Irrland for the time being to the Trustees for encouraging the Linen tnd Hempen Manufacture* of Ireland, to be by them applied

P p z towards

vailing Duties, &c. as under 47 G. 3. Self. a.

pay Duty under c. 103. ante.

Application of Duties on Dialed Oil,

5&o

Bounties on Bark, &c.

45 G. 3. c.i3. Sch. . tit. Bounties, Inwards, repealed. Drawback of all Duty on Wines for Ut'e of Officers of Navy.

Proviib.

Exemptions of Dying Drugs under 45 G. 3. c. 18. 16, 17. repealed.

C. 129. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

towards encouraging the raising of Flax Seed in Ireland; and that all Duties paid to, and all Sums granted to the Trusteea of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, mall be exempted from the Payment of all Fees.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Bounties payable upon Bark or Hemlock imported into Ireland shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable, any thing in the hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts in fore in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this Act to the contrary is any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Shipping of any Wines in any Port in Ireland, in Ships belonging to His Majesty's Navy, for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other Commimooed Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall fern in and for no other Purpose, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland (hell he allowed and paid under this Act 5 provided that no such Wiasi shall be shipped on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War for the Purpose aforesaid, other than in the Presence and under the Care and Inspection of an Officer of the Customs to be appointed far that Purpose by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties at Ireland: Provided also, that such Wines shall be so shipped within Three Years from the Importation thereof, and under such other Regulations and Restrictions as may be from time to time made and required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland for the time being.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, as enads, that under and fob-jed to the Proviso therein contained, the Articles therein mentioned and specified shall and may be imported into Ireland without Payment of the Duties imposed thereon by the said Act; that is to say.

Iron Liquor.

Ifmglass.

Juice of Lemons, of Limes, and of Oranges.

Lignum Vite.

Logwood.

Madder of all Sorts. v*

Rock Moss. r'

Nicaragua Wood.

Oil of Vitriol.'i

Orchal. f

Orchelia.

Pomegranate Peels.

Red or Guinea Wood.: v

Regulus of any Sort* x 4 fu, v! Saccharum Saturns, or Sugar of > Lead. 7 v >'-

Safflower, Saunders Wood, Red* White or Yellow -; ShuJnse

Alum.

Annotto.

Antimonium Crudum. Aquafortis.

Archelia.

Argol.

Arsenic.

Bark.

Barr Wood.

Berries of all Sorts. Reed Canes.

Cobalt or Zafire. Cochineal.

Fustick.

Green Copperas. Galls.

Gum Caffiew. Hemlock.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

581

Shumac or Sumac. Soft Soap.

Tornfal or Turnsole. Turmeric.

Vakmia.

Common Verdegris. Weld.

Brazil and Braziletto, or Fer-nambuco Wood.

Cam Wood.

Sweet Wood.

Green Wood.

Tholouse Wood.

And all Drugs whatever to be imported into Ireland, for the Purpose of being actually used for dying within Ireland, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed; and all such Drugs and other Articles shall, from and after Drugs, ate. to the passing of this Act, be subject and liable to the Payment of pay Duties, the Duties granted and imposed by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed 5 although such Drugs or other Articles may be sold and disposed of for the Use of Dyers or Manufacturers in Ireland* or may be actually used and consumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such But on Drugs of the said Drugs and other Articles, the Duties on the Importa- J?*

don whereof are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise by under01* rirtue of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present 4g 0.3. c. 31. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit certain Goods imported Duties secured into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on by Bond. the Importation thereof being first paidy shall and may be warehoused or secured, and the Duties thereon shall and may be secured by Bond, under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year, or any Ad (a) or Acts for explaining and amending the same.

Sa) [See 50 G.3. f.38.]

urther enacted, That all Persons who, at any Persons having time before the passing of this Act, shall have given Bond for Pay- &*ven for nient of the Duties on such Drugs or other Articles hereinbefore specified under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth except on Drugs. Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall pay the Duties imposed by the ibid before said recited Act upon such Drugs or other Articles aforesaid, toge- passing of Ath ther with Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount thereof, according to the Condition of fuen Bonds respectively, although the said Drugs or other Articles aforesaid shall or may be used or disposed of for the Use of Dyers or Manufacturers in Ireland\ or may be actually used and consumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided always, that if any Person who shall have given any such Bond as aforesaid, for securing the Payment of the Duty on any such Drugs or other Articles shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland that he actually fold and disposed of any such Drugs or other Articles at any time before the passing of this Act, for the Use of Dyers or Manufacturer* in Ireland* it shall and may be lawful for the said Commcfikmers to make to such Person an Allowance of the Amount of the Dudes on the Quantity of such Drugs or other Articles so aftbaHy Sold and disposed of before the passing of this Act, out of the whole Amount of the Sum for securing the Payment of which fock Bead shall have been given.

582

In what case Duty repaid on Pe^rl Ashes, Pot Ashes or Barilla, uted in Bleaching of Linen.

Value of Goods imported and rated to Duty ad valorem how ascertained.

Regulations in

45 G. 3. c. 18.  I2'

46 G. 3. c. 87. 8, 9. repealed.

G. 129. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall have made or shall make use of any Pearl Ashes or Pot A flies, or Barilla imported into Ireland, and having paid the Duty on the Importation thereof in the Process of Bleaching Linen in Ireland, the Person who shall have so used the same shall be entitled to receive every Year within Three Calendar Months next after the Fifth Day of January in every Year, a Repayment of all Duties which shall have been paid on the Importation of such Pearl Allies, Pot Allies or Barilla respectively so made use of by such Person within the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January: Provided always, that the Person claiming such Repayment shall, within such Period of Three Calendar Months, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, by Produdlioo of 1 Copy of the Entry of the importing Merchant, or otherwise, that such Pearl Ashes, Pot Ashes or Barilla respectively shall have paid all Duties due thereon 5 and shall also make it appear that such Pearl Ashes, Pot Ashes or Barilla respectively shall have been actually made use of by the Person claiming such Repayment in the Procefe of Bleaching of Linen in Ireland within such preceding Year and upon such Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct the Collector of the Port or District within which such Pearl Ashes, Pot Ashes or Barilla shall have been so made use of, to repay to such Person the Amount of such Duties, and such Collector shall make such Repayment accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties of Customs imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Mensure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken andcon-fidered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation at the time of the Entry Inwards of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, including Freight and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever, but exclu-five of the Duties payable by Law thereon; and that such Value shall be efeertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fndtor; and in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize (ha.! b< dealt with, and the Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect in manner herein after prescribed by this Act; and that the Rules, Regulations and Directions for the afeertaioing the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, contained in the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Draw-lacks thereon, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and instead thereof the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained shall be applied for the ascertaining such Value; any thing in the said last recited Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[See note at the end of Sect. 30.]

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 129. 583

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Goods paying for any Officer of Customs to open and examine all Goods* Wares

and Merchandize imported, subject to Duty ad valorem; and if it ^et^ned by shall appear that the Value at which the same are entered is less than officer, and the true Value, it shall be lawful for such Officer to detain such Value with Per-Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to cause the same to be con- centage thereon veyed into any of His Majesty's Warehouses; and it shall and may to Importer, be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and they are hereby empowered and required to direct the Collector of the Port within which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been entered, to pay out of any Money in his Hands to the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to the Person having made such Entry, the Amount of the Sum or Value at which fuen Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been so entered, together with an Addition of Six Pounds per Centum thereon, if the Articles imported be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, or an Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum oft such Amount if the Articles so entered be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other Country than Great Britain; and also all Duties in either case paid by the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize upon such Entry, but without any further Allowance whatever; which Payment the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties are hereby directed to cause to be made within Thirty Days after the Goods shall be so taken and detained; and such Payment so made to such Importer or Proprietor shall be deemed to be in full Satisfaction for such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively had been regularly fold.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whether the Amount of Commissioners

the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered, together of CaTomsmay with the Addition of Six Pounds per Centum or Ten Pounds per Centum order Gocxls d*" (as the case may be) and the Duties paid on such Goods, Wares or

Merchandize shall or shall not be demanded by or on behalf of the Pro- p], ym, nt of prietor or Importer thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Duties and Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to order the said Goods, Charges, Sec. Wares or Merchandize respectively to be fairly and publicly sold to

the bell Advantage, at anytime not sooner than Ten Days after such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so taken and detained; and the Produce of such Sale shall be paid to the Collector of the Port within which such Sale shall be had, to be by him applied in manner following; that is to say, First in Payment of the Duties on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize according to the true and real Value thereof, as ascertained by the Produce of such Sale, and in the next place in Payment of all Charges of Removal, Securing and Sale of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which Charges shall in no case exceed in the whole the Amount of Two Pounds per Centum on such Value; and in the next place in paying to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Value specified in the original Entry thereof, with the Addition of the Sum of Six Pounds or Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, a3 the case may be, or if the Amount of such Value, with such Addition as aforesaid, shall have been previously paid to such Importer or Proprietor, then the same shall be retained by such Collector for the Use of His Majesty,

P p 4 hia

J4

OvArpIti* of to Officer.

A mount of Sale left thjn Value, as originally entered, seizing Officer to pay D; dernces.

Seizing Officer paying Value as entered, with jol. per Cent, and Duties, Commissioneit to allow him to retain Goods to his own Use.

Packages, if valuable, to pay Duty ad valorem.

G* J2y* J4 GEO. III. (|i4

his Heirsud 8ucctffors, and fh*U be applicable as other Money in his Hapds; and if any Overplus of the Amount of such Sale shall regain in the Hands of the said Collector, after such Application as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Custom* and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to order such Ornplas to be paid to the Officer or Officers who shall have detained and opened and examined such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of his or their Duty.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Amount of the Produce of any such Sale of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so detained shall be less than the Amount of the Value specified in the Entry of the same, by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, the Officer or Officers who shall have detained the forne shall pay to the Collector of the Port a Sum of Money equal to the Difference between the Sum which shall have been paid by such Collector to such Importer or Proprietor, and the Amount of the Produce of such Sale, and also a Sum of Money equal to the Difference between the Amount of the Duty on such Goods according to the Value thereof as ascertained by such Sale, and the Value thereof as specified in such Entry, together with all Charges and Expences of such Sale, not exceeding Two Pounds per Centum on the Amount thereof as aforesaid; and all such Sums of Money shall and may be deducted and retained out of the Salary of any such Officer or Officers, ft such Periods and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners of Customs or Port Duties shall directs, or shall be recoverable against such Officer or Officers as a Debt due to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XXVIII. Provided also, that in case any Officer, so detaining say such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall at any time within Seven Days, after detaining the same, pay to the Collector of the Port the Amount of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, is specified in the Entry thereof by the Importer or Proprietor thereof together with Ten Pounds per Centum in all cases on the Amount of such Value; and also the Duty paid on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on the Entry thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to direct and order that such Officer may retain such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to his own Use, and may dispose of the same in such manner, and at such time as he shall in his Discretion think fit; and in such case the whole of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and the Produce thereof* if the same shall at any time afterwards be sold and disposed of, shall be the Property of such Officer or Officers for his or their own Use and Benefit; and all Money paid by such Officer to such Collector, shall be by such Collector applied as other Public Money in his Hands is by Law applicable.

XXIX. And Whereas in many cases the Calks or Packages which contain Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fubieA to Duty ad*valorem, are also of a certain Value; Be it enacted, That in iH cases where such Calks or Packages are of real Value, more than the usual or necessary Calks or Packages for such Goods or Meridian^ dize are or ought to be, they shall be entered, and the Value thereof, if entered ad valorem, shall in every Valuation be added to the Value of the Goods, and pay Duty accordingly-

A.D. 1814. 54 0E&/1IL <3.129.

J XXX.' And be it further enacted, That in alt cases where by this Act, or arty other Act or Acts in force in Irelandrelating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissionerc of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, any* Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall and may be seized or detained,

it shall and may be lawful for the Officer seizing and detaining the same, also to seize and detain the Casks and Packages in whichluch Ooods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively contained, and such Calks'and Packages shall be dealt with in all respects in the fime manner as the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so seized and ^detained. TSeSions 20, 20. of this Act in the same Words as Sect. 10, 11.0/46 G.3. r.87.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from Ireland any French Wines in Packages, each of which shall contain at the lead Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for Private Use, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well Customs as Excise, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines 5 provided that such Wines shall be imported in British or /rj#-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; and in such manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and in force in relation to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Fla(ks imported into Great Britain.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain, granted or made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act, or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Proviftoa shall be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly: Provided always, that no such Reduction shall take place on any Article mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed which shall not under this Act pay a Duty in Ireland equal in amount to the Duty of Customs and Excise payable on the Hke Article in Great Britain.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions. Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawback* and Bounties upon Goods $ Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties,

- 13 Draw-

585

PackagesJnay in all cases be seized, 8cc. together with the Goods.

French Wines may be imported into G. B. fiom Ireland in Packages containing not lei's than Six Dozen Quarts.

When any Part of Duties in G.B. on Article liable to Duty.under AO, repealed, or frail cease, Duties under Act reduced in like Proportion.

[Proviso.]

Clauses, &c. in 45 G. 3. c. 18. See. not repealed or altered, extended to Ad.

A.D. 1814.

5<S

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks.

*4 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Sell*. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Itc.

Appeal

Drawbacks and Bounties, or in any other of the Acts hereinbefore recited and referred to, which are not expressly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this present Act, and which relate to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to the prohibiting the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or which relate to the Payment or Application of any Duty or of any Allowance of Drawback or Bounty on, or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize mentioned and specified in the said recited Atta or any of them, shall be and continue in force until the same shall be altered or repealed, and the same shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed as fully and eflVdually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all such Cknifes, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures were fully repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are altered or repealed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties by this Act granted or allowed, and made payable, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled yin AH for settling the Excise or new Imprjl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled yin AH to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things^ under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeiturei, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

SCHEDULES

54 GEO. III.

57

C.I2p.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares and Merchandize (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain), and the several and respective Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Ware3 and Merchandize from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

A. X. s. d. X. s. d.

Acacia, the lb. -Acetoseila Sal. See Sal. 0 1 11 0 0 10

Acorus, the lb. 0 0 7 0 0 3

Adianthum, the lb. Agaric, the cwt. -Agates; viz. polished or otherwise manufactured, for every .100. of the Value - rough or unmanufactured, for every XI00. of 0 0 7 1 18 0 5D 7 6 0 0 3

the Value -Alderney, Isle of Sec Guernsey. Ale. See Beer. Alkali, not otherwise enumerated or described, for 31 13 4 13 6 8

every XI00. of the Value - 31 13 4 13 6 8

Alkanet Root, the lb. - 0 0 0 0 4

Alkekengi Baccae, the lb. - 0 0 0 0 4

Alkermes Con fee tio, the oz. 0 1 7* 0 0 8

Syrup, the lb. Almond Paste, for every XI00. of the Value Almonds; viz. 0 U 59 7 6* 0 1 0

- bitter, the cwt. ... 111 8 0 13 4

Jordan, the cwt. 4 15 0 2 0 0

-  of any other Sort, the cwt. 1 - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Almonds of all Sorts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Almonds, Oil of See Oil. Aloes; viz. Socotorina, imported directly from the Place of 2 7 6 1 0 0

their Growth, the lb. - - - - not imported directly from the Place 0 2 0 1 0

of their Growth, the lb. 0 490 2 0

of any other Sort, the lb. 0 1 2J 0 0 6

Ahim, the cwt. - - 0 17 5 0 7 4

Plume, the lb. - 0 0 4 0 0 2

- Roch, the cwt. - 0 11 1 0 4 8

C. 127.

54 GEO. III.

58$

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty* Drawback.

Amber; viz, Beads. See Beads. Oil of See Oil. Rough, the lb.  not otherwise enumerated or described, for . t. d. 0 1 7 . s. d. 0 0 8

every  100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Ambergris, the oz. 0 490 2 0

Ambra Liquids, the lb. Ammi Seed. See Seed. Ammoniacum; viz. Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus. Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus. 0 5 6 0 2 4

Anacardium, the lb. - -Anchor Stocks. See Wood. 0 1 Ilf 0 0 10

Anchovies, the lb. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Anchovies may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. N O O 0 0 3

Angelica, the lb. An^usture Cortex. See Cortex. Ammi Gum. See Gum. Anniseed. See Seed. Oil of See Oil. 0 0 7 0 4>

Annotto, the.cwt. -Antimonium; viz. -  Crudum, the cwt. - - >  Preparatum or Stibium, the lb. 1 19 7 0 11 10 0 0 4f 0 0 2

Apples, the Bushel -t  - dried, the Bushel _ 0 3 2 0 6 8 c r

Aquafortis, the cwt. Arabic, Gum. See Gum. Ardheka. > See Orchelia. 0 14 3*I

Ai^ol,; the cwt. - - 0 4 9

ArStofcchki, or Bithwort, thelb. Armenia Bole.)See Bole Armoniac. Armomac. i J Arquebusade.! See Spirits. 1 0 0 9f 0 0 1 1 'l

Arrow Root 6r Powder, the lb.  i  tftei Produce of any of the British Plants-! tions in America, and imported directly 0 0 4f

i ?' from thence, the lb. - - 0 0 2| -

Arsenic, the cwt. - - - 0 14 3 i

Aisafaetida, imported directly from the Place of its j Growth, the lb. - - / l

0 0 91 i >; D* 0 0 1

+ not imported directly from the Place of its

1 r r< 0 Growth, the lb. -o T ! r-i & '<rrr-

Afcarum Root, the lb. - - - 0 0 7 If' 0 a3

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

. t. d. . 8. d.

0 7 H 

0 11 1 

0 11 10

0 17 0 17 

31 13 4 is9-j&.'

0 0 9i 3 6 6 0 0 A

11 0 -

0 1 7 0 490 >20

0 490 1 2$ 0 1 114 0 a 0 6 0 t 0 6 16 i.* w M V

0 3 Uj 4-4f

69 7 6 0 0 9$ 0 4925 0 0 a o> r 0 2- 6

Oil 4 0 12 O .0 A 8 1 0 6 8 -\ \it * irt'.

Ashes; viz.

- Fechia, the cwt.

the cwt.

not imported in a Ship, the cwt.

rica, and imported dire from thence, the cwt. Soap, Weed and Wood, the cwt. not otherwise enumerated or described.

of the whole of the Duty paid on Importation, upon due Proof being given that the same have been used and consumed in bleaching Linen manufactured in Ireland. See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Asphaltus, the lb.

Aes, ' each -

Aurentiorum Cortex. See Limonum, in Cortex. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Baccae Alkekengi. See Alkekengi Baccae.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt.

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls; viz. Washing Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead, the lb.

Balsam; viz.

- Artificial, the lb.

- Canada, the lb.

- Ccpaiva or Capivi, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

udder which Balsam Capivi may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

- Natural, the lb.

- not Otherwise enumerated or described, for every j100. of the Value

Salustia, the lb.

Bandstring Twist, the Dozen Knots Raxhadfles/Tar* See Tar.

Barilla, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

1-4  ar  ftnofcimported in British-built Ship, the cwt. -I /For the Cfondifcons, Regulations and Restrictions I under which Barilla may be secured in Ware-

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

houses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Barilla is entitled to a Repayment of the whole of the Duty paid on Importation, upon due Proof being given that the same has been used and consumed in bleaching Linen manufactured in Ireland. See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Bark; viz.

- Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

- Oak, the cwt.

- Black Oak, or Quercitron, for the Purpose of dying, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Casks, containing not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

- otherwise imported, for every i?100.

of the Value

- Red Mangrove, imported in Casks, containing not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

- otherwise imported, for every

'100. of the Value

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ?100. of the Value Barley. See Corn.

- hulled. See Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch. See Canvas, in Linen.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in circumference at the Band Baskets; viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen  *not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value Basons of Marble. See Stones.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.

Bast, or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting, or other Manufacture of Bast or Straw for making Hats or Bonnets. Sec Platting. } Batten Ends. I c lr

Batttns.> }See Wood.

Battery, the cwt.

Bay-berries. See Berries. j

Bay, OB of See Oil.

Bay* or Myrtle Wax. See Wax. {

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yarn, in Yarn.

Bdellium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -mtmm not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. r -!

Duty. Drawback.

. s. d. . s. d.

0 0 7

0 0 3r! 

31 13 4 13 6 8

0 0 7 

3113 4 13 6 8

59 7 6 25 0 0

0 3 2 

0 2 4$ 

59 7 6 

0 5 lli

15 0 2 0 0

00- 0 4

0 17 0 0 8

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty.

. s. d.

Beads; viz.

Amber Beads, the lb. 0 11 io-J5

Coral Beads, the lb. 0 15 10*

- Crystal Beads, the 1,000 - -, 1 8 6

Jet Beads, the lb. 0 3 2

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value 59 7 6

Beans. See Corn.

Kidney or French Beans, the Bushel 0 0 9}

Bear Skins. See Skins.

Beaver Skins. See Skins.

Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.

Beds. See Feather Beds.

Beech, Boards.

Plank. >See Wood.

Quarters. J

Beer or Big. See Corn.

Beer; viz.

Mum, the Barrel of 32 Gallons 1 2 2

- Spruce Beer, the Barrel of 32 Gallons 1 6 11

or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel of 32 Gallons - 1 4 0

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bell Metal. See Metal.

Belvedere Raisins. See Raisins.

Benjamin, the lb. 0 1 7

Bere or Big. See Corn.

Bergamot, Essence of See Essence.

Berries; viz.

Bay, the cwt. - 0 11 1

Juniper, the cwt. - 0 11 1

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

under which Juniper Berries may be secured

in Warehouses without Payment of Duty

See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Myrtle, the lb. - - 0 0 7

- Yellow, for Dyers Use, the cwt. 1 8 6

for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. 1 3 9

not for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated

or described, for every  100. of the Value - 59 7 6

Bezoar Stones, the oz. 0 2 4j

Bigg or Beer. See Corn.

Birds; viz.

- Singing Birds, the Dozen 0 7 11

Biscuit. See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. 0 0 9{

Blaeking, the cwt, .3 11 3

Drawback.

. 8. d.

0 5 0 0 6 8 0 12 0 0 1 4

25 0 0

094 0 11 4

0 5 10

0 0 8

0 4 8

0 0 3

25 0 0 0 I 0

0 0 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bladders, the Dozen jL. s. d. 0 0 4 . t. d. 0 0 2

Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil. Boards. See Wood. Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole, the cwt. 0 7 11 0 3 4

Bones and Hooves of Cattle, for every .100. of the Value - - - - 31 13 4 13 6 8

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books; viz.

- bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Borax; viz.

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined, or Tineal, the lb.

Botargo, the lb.

Bottles; viz.

- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen Bottles

- of Glass covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts

- ' of green or common Glass, full or empty, not

bf less Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts --- - of Glass not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value Note.  Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported, are not subject to Duty.

Bowls, or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen Bowsprits. See Masts, in Wood.

Boxes; viz,

- Dressing Boxes, for every  100. of the Value -

- Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen

Nests, each Nest containing 8 Boxes

- Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen

Nests, each Nest of Boxes > - Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Boxes -- Snuff Boxes, not being Gold or Silver, for every \00. of the Value -not otherwise enumerated or described, for every j100. of the Value Boxwood* See Wood.

Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass; viz,

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value   Old. See Sbruflf.

- Powder of, for Japanning. See Powder.

--Wire. See Wire.

6 9

17

0 1

0 0

0 0

0 3

0 7

114 0

0 1

59 7

1 7

0 4

0 8

59 7

59 7

0 9

59 7

10

41

7

7

m

2

H

11

0

nf

6

8

9

H

6

6

6

6

0 0 3

0 11 8 0 2 0 0 3 8

gfj GEO. III. C. 129.

593

[Brazi|.'i v

- Cioods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries, may be imported direct from any such Territories or Dominions, in any Ship or Vessel built therein, or taken by any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Portuguese Government, and Such Goods so imported directly into this Kingdom, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into this Kingdom from any other Foreign Country in British-built Ships; and in cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation, in British-built Ships or Vessels, of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported and entered and landed; See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 47.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the Act of the 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32. being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, and imported directly from thence, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

BmilW^d. 1 See Wood.

Braziletto Wood. j Bread, or Biscuit, prohibited.

24 Geo. 3. cap. 19, 18; sess; 2. c.ld. 5.

Bricks, the 1,000

; 54 GEO. III.

Sec.Irish Act 23 and and also 47 Geo. 3.

Qq

. s. d.

. 1.

12 2

' - C

1 m

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Brimstone, or Sulphur Vivum, viz.

- Rough, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- in Rolls, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- in Flowers, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt. -- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Brimstone may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty'; Sec 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis or Nitrous Acid, under certain Regulations and Conditions, is entitled to a Drawback of the Duties paid on Importation See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 70.

Bristles; viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the

Dozen lbs

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- rough or undressed, imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen lbs,

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which undressed Bristles may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38 Broken Glass. See Glass.

Bronze Figures and Wares, for every .100. of the Value

Powder. See Powder.

Brooms; viz. Flag or Whisk Brooms, the Dozen Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls.

BuflUk) Hides and Horns. See Hides. Horns. Bugle; viz.

- Great, the lb.

Small or Seed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free Lull Rushes, the Load containing 63 Bundles

Duty. Drawback.

S. t. d. . d.

0 15 01 0 6 4

0 15 10 0 6 4

0 19 91 0 8 4

1 0 7 0 8 4

1 390 10 0

1 4 11 0 10 e

0 11 10, 0 5 0

0 12 8 0 5 0

0 3 6| 0 1

0 3 11$ 0 1

59 7 6

0 0 9$

0 3 2 0 490 1 J 0 2 0

O il lot 0*0

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 129.

595

I

Jh

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Burgundy Pitch. See Pitch. Burrs for Mill Stones. See Stones. Burrachas. See India-Rubbers. Busts or Figures of Marble or Stone. See Stone sculptured. not otherwise enumerated or described, for every . t. d. . s. d.

j100. of the Value - 59 76 -

Butter, the cwt. - - - -C. Cables, tarred or untarred, whether in Use or other- 0 5 1$

wise, the cwt. -Cable Yarn. See Yarn. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake Lac. See Gum Lac. Calabar Skins. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins. Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis, 1 1 41

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb. 0 e 91 0 0 4

Calavances, the Bushel -Calf Skins. See Skins. Calves. See Cattle. 0 0 9

Calves Velyes, the cwt. - - -, Cambogium. See Gamboge. Camel Hair. See Hair. Camel or Mohair Yarn. See Yam. 0 11 5 0 4 10

Camomile Flowers, the lb. -Camphire, or Camphor; viz.'refined, imported directly from the Place of co|* O O 0 0 2

its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the Place 0 1 Ilf

of its Growth, the lb. unrefined, imported directly from the Place 0 3 111

of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the 0 1 2J 0 0 6 0 1 0 1

Place of its Growth, the lb. Cam Wood. See Wood. Canada Balsam. See Balsam, Canary Seed. See Seed. 0 2 41

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. -Candles; viz. O N> H 0 0 6

Spermaceti, the lb. ... 0 2 41

Tallow, the cwt. - - 334' i

Wax, the lb. 0 2 4i -

Candlewick, the cwt. - Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. j Cane, and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See:, Hats. Platting. 4 8 8 i

C&nella Alba, the lb. - - J Qq*0 0 0

Canes; viz.

Rattans, the 1,000 -

Reed Canes, the 1,000 -

Walking Canes, the 1,000 Cans of Wood, the Dozen -

Cantharides, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cantharides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Canvas. See Linen.

Capers, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1,000 -

Caps; viz.

Cotton, for every 100. of the Value Worsted, for every .100. of the Value Cardamoms, the lb.

Cards; viz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs -Cariophyllorum Cortex. See Cortex Cariophylloides. Oleum. See Oil of Cloves.

Carmenia Wool, as Goat Hair, in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets; viz.

--of Turkey, under Four Yards Square, the

Carpet

Carpet

48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

every 100. of the Value Carrabe or Succinum, as Amber. Carraway Seeds. See Seeds. ----- -Oil of See Oil.

tenances, for every 100. of the Value Carrot Seed. See Seed.

Carthamus Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum. See Oil of Carraway. Cashew Gum. See Gum.

- Nuts. See Nuts.

Casks, empty, the Tun of 252 Gallons Content Cassia Buds, the lb.

Fistula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

Oil of See Oil.

Duty. Drawback.

.. d. . s. j

1 14 0 1 6 6 3 19 2 0 1 Ilf 0 3 2 0 14 4 0 11 2 1 13 4 0 1 4

0 0 n 0 3 6f 0 0 3 0 1

85 10 0 59 7 6 0 1 Ilf 3 19 2 0 0 10

0 3 111 

1 39 

15 0 -

7 18 4

59 7 6 -

59 7 6 2 0 0

1 390 1 7 0 0

0 94

2

0 0 8 0 0 ! 00

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

597

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

. s. d. . s. d.

Castor, the lb. - Oil of See Oil. 0 490 2 0

CatlingsorLutestrings, the GrossofTwelveDozea Knots Cat Skins. See Skins. Caviare, the cvvt. -Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper-Chaises, as Carriages. Chalk, for every  i00. of the Value Chariots, as Carriages. Charts. See Maps. Cheese, the cwt. -Chemical Oils. See Oil. Cherries, the cwt. Dried, the lb. Chesnuts. See Nuts. Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone, sculptured. See Stones. China Root, imported directly from the Place of its 0 6 4 0 11 10i 31 13 4 0 4 4 0 13 5* 0 0 7 0 2 8

Growth, the lb.  not imported directly from the Place of 0 1 0 0 6

its Growth, the lb. China Ware, Earthen Ware or Porcelain, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every  100. of the Value Chip or Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats. Platting. 0 2 4i 79 3 4 0 10

Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons Cinders. See Coals. Cinnabar. See Vermillion. 29 14 6 5 0 0

Cinnabarus Nativa, the lb. -Cinnamon; viz. British Colony or Plantation in America, 0 1 Ilf 0 0 10

the lb. imported under Licence, the lb. Oil of See Oil. Citron; viz. 0 2 41 0 8 8 0 3 8

Value - Succades.   Water. See Spirits. 59 7 6 25 0 0

Civet, the oz. Clap Boards. See Boards, in Wood. Clocks, for every j100. of the Value Cloths, Woollen. See Woollen Cloths. Clover Seed. See Seed. Cloves; viz. Colony or Plantation in America, the lb. - imported under Licence, the lb, by 0 4959 7 6 0 2 4) 0 2 0

0 5 6) [1 0 2 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Coaches. See Carriages.

Coals, Culm or Cinders, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Cobalt or Z a lire, for every M\0i). of the Value Cochineal, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cochineal may be secured iu Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38..* ----- Dust, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts; viz.

- of the Growth or Produce of any British

Colony or Plantation, the lb.

Foreign, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cocoa Nuts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See'48 G.3. cap.32, and 50 G.3. cap.38.

Coculus indicus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Codilla of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax; of which See Flax.

- of Hemp, subject to Duty as Hemp; for

which See Hemp.

Coffee, the Produce of any British Cplony or Plantation, the lb.

- the Produce of any other Country or Place,

the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under w'hieh Coffee may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See the Irish Act 29 Geo. 3. cap. 5.; and also the Acts 48 Geo. 3. cap.32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. Coffee of the Produce of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported into Ireland, from and after 27 May 1814, maybe admitted to Entry until 5th April .1815, at the like Duty as is due and payable on Coffee of the British Plantations. See 54 Geo. 3.

Coin; viz.

- of Copper. See Copper.

--Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See Bullion.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colocynth. See Coloquintida.

Colophonia. See Rozin.

*c. 57.

. 8. d.

2 0 0

31 13 4

0 2 4

0 2

0 3 4

0 2 4i  0 4 9

Drawback.

. s. d.

13 6 8

0 0 7f

0 2 4

0 0 7f 0 2 4

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

599

1

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, . s. d. . 8. d.

the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, 0 1 7 0 0 8

the lb. Colours for Painters. See Painters Colours. 0 3 2 0 1 4

Columbo Root, the lb. -Comfits, the lb. Coney Skins. See Skins. Wool. See Wool. Confectio Alkermes. See Alkermes. Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis. Contrayervae Radix. See Radix. Cobaiba or Capivi Balsam. See Balsam. Copal Gum. See Gum. Copper; viz. Ore, the cwt. - - Old, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. In Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt. Unwrought; viz. Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all cast Copper, the cwt.  Part wrought; viz. Bars, Rods or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt. Additional on all Copper except old 0 1 7 0 2 4' 0 0 9| 09ll| 0 15 0 0911| 1 10 5 0 0 8

Copper, the Ton of 20 cwt. Wire. See Wire. Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enu- merated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every .100. of the Value Copperas; viz. Blue, the cwt. ... Green, the cwt. - White, the cwt - - Coral; viz. - - Beads. See Beads. 20 0 0 59 7 6 0 490 490 11 10 20 0 0

in Fragments, the lb. 0 0 Ilf 0 0 5

Whole, polished, the lb. 0 11 W 0 5 0

- unpolished, the lb. Cordage, tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise (standing or running Rigging in use excepted), the cwt. - -Cordial Water. See Spirits. Coriander Seed. See Seed. 0 5 6.t 1 1 4i 0 2 4

Cork, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 7 11 0 3 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cork may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Q1 4 0 8 83 le 0 3 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

. s. d. .. d.

Corks, ready made, the lb. Corn  Table, No. 1. The following Duties are payable by St at. 44 Geo. 3. cap. 109. on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, llye, Bariev, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peas, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, except from the Province of Quebec and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America; viz. Wheat, when under 38 s. 8d. per Barrel, the 0 3 6f

Barrel -- - - if 38 s. 8d. but under 40s. Gd. per 0 14 10

Barrel, the Barrel - - - at or above 40 s. 6 d. per Barrel, the 0 1 6

Barrel - Rye, Peas and Beans, when under 26s. 8d. 0 0 3

per Barrel, the Barrel -- if 26s. 8d. but under 28 s. per Barrel, the 0 14 0

Barrel at or above 28 s. per 0 0 11 "

Barrel, the Barrel Barley, Beer or Bigg, when under 18 s. per 0 0 1

Barrel, the Barrel - - if 18s. but under 18s. lOd. 0 12 6

per Barrel, the Barrel -- at or above 18s. lOd. per 0 0 8

Barrel, the Barrel - Oats, when under 13 s. 6d. per Barrel, the 0 0 1'

Barrel -- - - if 13 s. 6d. but under 14s. 2d. per Bar- 0 4 2

rel, the Barrel - - --  at or above 14s. 2d. per Barrel, the O O

Barrel Meal and Flour prohibited. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. cap. 16. 5. Indian Corn and Maize, when Barley is under 0 0 1

18s. per Barrel, the Barrel if 18s. but under 18s. I Od. 0 15 0

per Barrel, the Barrel - - - r at or above 18s. lOd. 0 0 10

per Barrel, the Barrel Table, No. 2. The following Duties are payable by Stat. 44 Geo. 3. c. 109, on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peas, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, from the Province of 0 0 2

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

. i. . t. d.

0 14 10

0 1 6 

0 0 3 

0 14 0 

0 0 11 

0 0 1 

0 12 6 

0 0 8 

0 0 1 

0 4 2 

0 0 7

0 0 1

0 15 0 

0 0 10 

0 0 2 

0 0 7 0 0 3

0 1 113 0 0 10

0 0 9! 0 0 4

0 19 9| 0 8 4

1 7 8* 0 118

0 0 4$ 0 0 2

Com  continued.

Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America; viz.

- Wheat, when under 32 s. 7d. per Barrel, the

Barrel -

- if 32 s. 7d. but under 34s. 4d. per

Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 34 s. 4d. per Barrel, the

Barrel -

- Rye, Peas and Beans, when under 22s. 3d.

per Barrel, the Barrel -

- if 22s. 3d. but under

23s. 6 d. per Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 23 s. 6d. per

Barrel, the Barrel  - Barley, Beer or Bigg, when under 14 s.9d. per Barrel, the Barrel --- if 14 s.9d. but under

16's. per Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 16 s. per

Barrel, the Barrel -

- Oats, when under 10s. lid. per Barrel, the

Barrel -

- if 10s. lid. but under 11s. 7d. per

Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 11s. 7d. per Barrel, the Barrel-Meal and Flour prohibited. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. cap. 16. 5.

- Indian Corn and Maize, when Barley is under

14 s.9d. per Barrel, the Barrel -- if 14 s.9d. but under 16s. per Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 16s. per

Barrel, the Barrel -

An additional Duty of 25. for every j100. of the aforesaid Rates of Duty in Table No. I. and No. 2, is to be paid on all Foreign Corn imported.

- Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex Angustune, the lb.

- Cariophylloides, the lb.

- Eleutherise, the cwt.

- Guaiaci, the cwt.

- Limonum or Aurentiorum, or Lemon or Orange Peel, the lb*

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

<Soa

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Cortex Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark, the lb. - ( . t. d.' 0 1 Ilf . s. d, 0 0 10

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

under which Jesuits Bark may be secured.in

Warehouses without Payment of Duty,;. Sec

48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Simarouba, the lb. - 0 0 11| 0 0 5

Winteranus, the lb. - 007 0 0 3

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Costus, the lb. 0 0 11 0 0 5

Cotton and Cotton Manufactures. See Thread. Wool

Yarn.

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every  100. of the Value 85 10 0

Cow or Ox Hair. See Hair.

Hides. See Hides.

Tails. See Tails.T

Cowage or Cowitch, the Ux - 0 1 2} 0 0 6

Cranberries, the Gallon - 0 1 2

Crapes. See Silk, wrought.

Crayons, for every <100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. 0 15 10*

Crout, viz. Sour Crout, for every .100. of the Value - 31 13 4

Crystal; viz,

Beads. See Beads.

rough, for every *100. of the Value ' 31 13 4 13 6 8

cut, or in any way manufactured, for every

"100. of the Value - - 59 7: 6 25 0 0

Cubebs, the lb, - 0 "0 9\ 0 0 4

Cucumbers; viz.;

'pickled, the Gallon 0 '2 41

preserved in Salt and Water, for every

100. of the Value 59 7 6

Culm, as Coals.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants; viz.

imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - 2 4 4 0 18 8

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt; 2 7 6 0 18 8

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Currants may be secured

in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See

48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Cuttle Bones, the 1,000 - 0 12 3| 0 5 2

Cyperus, the cwt. - 0 15 10 0 6 8

D.

Damask Tabling. )S, eLinen. Napkimng.J

Dates, the cwt. 1 j - 4 10 3 1 18 0

g(F'"*}s*Woo<l.

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins.

Derelict Goods. See Flotsam.

Diagrydum. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

Diaper, Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Dice, the Pair Dittany, the lb.

Dog Skins. 1 ee Skins.

Dog tish fckins. J Dog Stones. See Stones.

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

not imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

Drawings, coloured, each plain, each

Dressing Boxes. See Boxes.

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity. See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course.

--not particularly enumerated 'or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every .100. of the Value -

Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen.

Dust, perfumed. See Hair Powder.

E.

EarthenWare, not otherwise enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every j100. of the Value

East India Goods. See Act of this Session*, to grant certain Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported.

Ebony. See Wood.

Eels, the Ship's Lading -

Eggs, the Hundred containing Six Score Elastic Bottles or Burrachas. See India Rubbers. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

# c. 103.

1 6 1

0 0 Hi

0 1 n

0 1 H

0 3 2

0 1 7

59 7 6

79 3 4

13 1 3

0 0 9i

603

Drawback. . s. d.

0 0 5

0 0 6 0 0 6

25 0 0

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 18x4.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

. s. d. . s. d.

Elephants Teeth, the cwt. - - 3 19 2 1 13 4

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Elephants Teeth may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Eleutheriae Cortex. See Cortex. Elk Hair. See Hair. Skins. See Skins. Emeralds. See Jewels. Emery Stones. See Stones. Enamel, the lb. - - 0 7 H 0 3 0

Em, 1* Campanas Radix. 1 g Enngn Radix. j Ermine Skins. See Skins. Essence; viz.  of Bergamot, the lb. of Lemon, the lb. of Spruce, for every .100. of the Value - - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, for every 100. of the Value - 0 4 41 0 4 4^ 31 13 4 15 16 8 0 1 10 0 1 10 13 6 8 6 13 4

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every^100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Estrich Feathers. See Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers. Wool. See Ostrich Wool, in Wool. Euphorbium, the lb. 0 0 7 0 0 3

R Fan Mounts, of Leather, for every <100. of the Value -Faro Raisins. See Raisins. Feather Beds. See Feathers for Beds. Note.  The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein. Feathers; viz. the cwt. - - 142 10 0 4 8 8 1 17 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 4 15 0 1 17 4

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Feathers for Beds may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. - - - undressed, the lb. 2 15 5 0 15 10 1 3 4 0 6 8

59 7 6 25 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Feathers; not otherwise enumerated or described, for every <100. of the Value Fechia Ashes, as Ashes.

Fennel Seed. See Seed.

Fenugreek Seed. See Seed.

Fiddles for Children. See Toys.

Figs, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Figs may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Fir Quarters, 'j

- Timber. >ee Wood.

Fire Wood. J

Fish; viz.

- Fresh Fish, of British or Irish taking and imported in British or Irish-built Ships or Vessels, Duty-free.

- cured Fish, of British or Irish taking and curing, Duty-free.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which any such Fish may be imported into Ireland Duty-free; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. 20, 21.

Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fishing Nets, Old. See Rags.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard

Flasks. See Bottles.

Flax; viz. 1

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.

--rough or undressed, imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

Flax Seed. See Linseed, in Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters. See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt. -

Flotsam.  Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Flotsam, Jetsam, Lagan or Derelict, pay Duty as if regularly imported. See the Act 54 Geo. 3.*

c. 81. 20, 21.

Duty.

. s. d.

59 7 6

Drawback.

4

11

0 1 7

10 14 H

11 3 3

0 0 4

0 0 7

0 19 0

. s. d.

25 0 0

0 ft 0 090

0 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Flour. See Corn.

Flower Roots, Trees or Plants, for every .100. of the Value - - -,

Flowers, artificial, not made of Silk, for every .100.

of the Value -

Forest Seed. See Seed.'*

Fossils, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every <100. of the Value*-

Fowls, as Provisions.

Fox Skins. \  Tails, f

See Skins.

Frames for Pictures, Prints or Drawings, for every .100. of the Value -Frankincense, the cvvt.

French Beans. See Beans.

Frosting. See Orscdew.

Fruit, artificial, for every .100. of the Value Furriers Waste, for every .100. of the Value Furs. See Skins.

Furze Seed. See Seed.

Fustic. See Wood.

G.

Galanga, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Galley Tiles. See Tiles.

Galls, theewt. -

Gamboge, the lb.

Garden Seed. See Seed.

Garnets; viz.

- cut, the lb.

- rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every, 100. of the Value Geldings. See Horses.

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

Ginger; tiz.

- the Produce of the British Plantations, Colonies or Settlements in Africa or America, the Cwt.

- not the Produce of the British Plantations,

the cwt.

Duty. Drawback.

 s. d. .. d.

31 13 4 13 6 8

59 7 6 

31 13 4 13 6 8

59 7 6

1 2 2 094

59 7 6

59 7 6

0 0 4J 0 0 2

0 0 91 0 0 4

0 1 2$ 0 0 6

0 2 4$ 0 1 0

0 11 1 

0 1 7 0 0 8

1 7 8* 0 11 8

096' 6 4 0

63 6 8

O O k. M- 0 0 2

1 2 ni 0 9.O 1

2 13 0 1 2

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

. s. d. . s. d.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Ginger ma) be secured in Warehouses without Payment ofiDuty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50. Geo 3: cap. 38.

- preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations4 and Restrictions, under which Ginseng may be; secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Glass; viz.

--Bottles. See Bottles.

--broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt.

- rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate

or Crown Glass, for every' <100. of the Value ----- and besides, for every Foot

Superficial Measure

- German Sheet Glass, for every .'100. of the

Value -

- and besides, for every Foot

Superficial Measure ----- Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value \ Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt. -Glue, the cwt. -

Goat Hair. See Hair.

- Skins. See Skins.

--Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

- Plate. See Plate.

Goose Quills. See Quills.

Grain. See Corn.

0 3 2 0 1 4

0 3 2

114 0 0

0 3 H

114 0 0

0 1 3

114 0 0

0 4 9

0 11 101

0 0 7

Grains; viz.

- Guinea Grains, the lb, -

- of Paradise, the lb.

Gran ilia, the lb.

Grapes, for every *100. of the Value

- Rape of See Rape of Grapes.

GraveStones. See Stones.

Grease, the cwt.

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yam. See Yam.

Guaiacum Cortex. See Cortex.

- Gum. See Gum.

Guernsey, Island of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Goods, Wares and Merchandize

0 0 n

0 1 ll

0 0 94

59 7 6

0 1 7

31 13 4 0 J Ilf

0 0 4

0 0 10

13 6 8

0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

s.

of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Alderney (Salt excepted), may be imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or other Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of Great Britain; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. 18.

But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and Commodities in Part or fully manufactured in either of them, or any Salt whatever imported into Ireland from any of the said Islands, shall not be exempt from Payment of all such Customs, Duties and Impositions, as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Nation or Country of which they are the Growth, Product or Manufacture; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. 19.

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

- Pepper. See Pepper.

- Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Drawback.

d.

t. d.

Gum; viz.

--Ammoniacus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Animi, the lb.

--Arabic, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Gum Arabic may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

- Cake Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

- Cashew, the cwt.

- Copal, the lb.

- Elemi, the lb.

- Guaiacum, the lb.

- Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

Lac; viz.

- Cake Lac, the lb.

- Shellack, or Seed Lac, the lb.

- Stick Lac, the cwt.

- Opoponax, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

10

0 1 2

0 2 4i 0 0

0 11 10?

0 0 6 0 1 0

0 0 4

0 7 u

0 1 7

0 0 7

0 1 n

0 0 4*

0 0 7

0 7 n

0 3 61

0 7 H

0 0 9k

0 0 8 0 0 3 0 0 9

0 1 6 0 3 0 0 0 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback

. t. d. . s. d.

0 1 7 0 0 8

0 19 0 0 8 0

O O O 0 0 4

0 1 7 0 0 8

011 lOg

1 13 3

0 I Il| 0 0 10

'*>1 + O O 0 0 5

o 1 11* 0 0 10

59 7 6 25 0 0

3 12 10 1 10 8

2 5 11 0 19 4

1 11 8 

0 1 2 

0 1 7

0 18 2-J 

0 18 21 

0 0 

31 13 4

0 49 

31 13 4

9 149 

13 12 4

Gum Sagapenum, not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

- Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Seed Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

- Senega, the cwt.

- imported from Europe in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Gum Senega may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

- StickLac.} SeeLac>in Gum-

- Tacamahaka, the lb.

- Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of the Value

Gunpowder; viz.

Compowder, the cwt.

Serpentine Powder, the cwt.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Gypsum, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- the Produce of and imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

H.

Hair; viz.

- Camel, the lb.

- Cow, Ox or Bull, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt.

- Goat, or Turkey Goat's Wool, the lb.

- Hats made of See Hats.

- Horse, for every j100. of the Value . Human, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.

- perfumed or perfumed Dust, the cwt.

Hams. See Bacon.

Hand Baskets. Sea Baskets.

54 Geo. III. R r

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

11 and scoops, the Dozen - . s. d. 0 1 113 . s. d.

Handspikes. See Wood. Hard Wax. See Wax. Hare Skins. See Skins. Wool. Set Wool. Harp Strings, the Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots - 0 6 4 0 2 S

Hai ls' Horns. See Horns. Hats; viz. - Bast, Cane, Chip or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 0 10 8i

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 1 1 4i

Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 3 8 1

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 6 16 2

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Chip or Straw Hats may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool or Beaver, the Hat - 1 14 0

Hay, the Load containing 36 Trusses, each Truss being 56 Pounds - 1 2 11$

Head Matter. See Train Oil, in Oil. Heath for Brushes, the cwt. - - 09H

Helebore or Eleborus, the lb. 0 0 4| 0 0 2

Hemp; viz. >  - dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - - - - 4 15 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - - 4 199 

rough, or undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. ... 091 0 3 10

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 10 3 0 3 10

the Produce of the British Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Hemp, undressed, may be secured 0 7 11 0 6 2

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO- III. C. 129. 611

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hemp  continued. in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Seed. See Seed. Seed Oil. See Oil. . sd. s. d.

Hermodactyl, the lb. ... Hesse ns Canvas. See Canvas, in Linens. Hides; viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed, 0 0 >i 0 0 4

imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide -- - not imported in a British-built 0 0 

Ship, the Hide - - tanned and not otherwise dressed, 0 2 4 

the lb. - -- - imported from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa, not being tanned, tawed, curried or 0 0 Ilf

in any way dressed, the Hide - - Tails. See Tails. Elk. See Skins. Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed; viz. - - - - imported in a British-built Ship, 0 0 4

the Hide - - not imported in a British-built 0 0 9j 

Ship, the Hide   tanned and not otherwise 0 2 4{

dressed, the lb. 0 0 Ilf 

Losh, the lb. - - 0 1 7

Muscovy or Russia, tanned or coloured, the lb. or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for 0 1 7

every ^100. of the Value or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of 5 17 2

the Value - 31 13 4 

or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with

Duty, for every .100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Hides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. R r 2 142 10 0

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback

Hogslard. See Lard. Holland, Linen of See Linen. . . d. . s. d

Hones, the Hundred of Five Score 1 2 111, 098 1

Honey, thecwt. - 0 15 0i. 

Hoofs of Caltle, for every .100. of the Value Hoops; viz. of Iron, the cwt. - of Wood, the 1,000 - 31 13 4 1 390 14 3  1

Hops, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Foreign Hops may be warehoused for Exportation, or vended in Ireland, when the Middle Price of British Hops exceeds 9. the cwt.; See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 64. Horns; viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, the Hundred of 8 11 0

Five Score Hart or Stag, the Hundred of Five Score - not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 5 61 1 1 4' 0 2 4 090 j 1

every 100. of the Value - 31 13 4 13 6 8 i

Horn Tips, the Hundred containing Five Score Horse Hair. See Hair. Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. Hides. See Hides. 0 1 Ilf 0 0 10 l 1 1

Horses, Mares or Geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair. Hungary Water. See Spirits. Husks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk. Husse Skins. See Skins. 6 13 0

J. Jalap, the lb. - - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Jalap may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Jamaica Wood. See Brazilletto, in Wood. Japonica Terra. See Terra. Jersey, Island of See Guernsey. Jessamine Oil. See Oil. Jesuits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus. 0 1 0 0 9

Jet, the lb. Beads. See Beads. Jetsam, Goods Jetsam. See Flotsam.*Jewels; viz. Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Dia- 0 1 Ilf 0 010

I monds), for every 100. of the Value I Incense. See OUbanum. 15 16 8

(India Rubbers, or Burrachas, the lb. 0 0 4f p 0 2

u

I

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 129. 613

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.  s. d. . $. d.

Indigo, the lb. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Indigo may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. 0 0

Ink for Printers, the cwt. -Inkle; viz. 1 0 7 0 8 8

unwrought, the lb. 0 0 91 

wrought, the lb. Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix. Iris, or Orris Root. See Orris Root. Iron; viz. in Bars; or unwrought, - the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton, containing 0 5 i

20 cwt. -- - the Produce of any other Country, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing 122

20 cwt. -- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing 6910

20 cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Iron in Bars may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than  of an inch square, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 7 18 4

cwt. - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 1991 1 4

Cast, for evenr <100. of the Value  Hoops. See Hoops.  old broken, and old Cast Iron, the Ton, con- 31 13 4 -

taining 20 cwt. - 0 17 5 

Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 0 8 81 

Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cxn. - the Produgp.^, and imported from the British Plantations in America, the 0 17 5

Ton, containing, 20 cwt.  -  Wire. See Wire. 0 7 11 

Isinglass, the cwt. ... 2 7 6

tisk Plantations in America, the cwt.Rr 3 0 1$ 10 ->

614 C. 129. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

.. d. . s. 1

Juice of Lemons, Limes or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries. See Berries. Gum. See Gum Sandrake. Oil. See Oil. Junk, Old. See Rags, old. 0 1 2 0 0 6

Ivory, the lb. K. 0 5 If

Kelp, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 13 5| 0 5 8

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Kelp may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 18 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. Kidney Beans. See Beans. Kid Skins. See Skins. Kits of Wood. See Pails. Knees of Oak. See Wood. Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk. L. Lac. See Lac, in Gum. Lace; viz. 0 14 3 0 5 8

Silk Lace, for every .100. of the Value Thread Lace; viz. - under 5s. the Yard in Value, the 39 11 8

Yard - -- of 5s. and under 10s. the Yard in 0 2 4 -

Value, the Yard - - - - of 10s. and under 15s. the Yard in 0 3 lli 

Value, the Yard - - - of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in 0 49-

Value, the Yard - - - - of 20s. and under 25s. the Yard in 00 O

Value, the Yard - - - - of 25 s. the Yrard or upwards, in Value, for every .100. of the 0 7 3

Value -Lagan, Goods Lagan. See Flotsam. Lamb Skins. See Skins. Slink. Sec Skins. Wool. See Wool.^39 11 8

Lamp Black, the cwt. -Lapis; viz. 3 6 6 1 8 0

Caliminaris, the cwt. Contrayervte, the oz. Lazuli, the lb. - 0 7 11 0 1 llj 0 3 2 0 010 0 1 _ A O

Tutise, the lb. 0 0 7 0 0 J

I

A.D. 1814.

S4 GEO. III. C. 129.

61$

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Lard, the cwt. Lathwood. See Wood. Latten; viz. Black, the cwt. Shaven, the cwt. - Wire. See Wire. .. s. d. 0 7 11 1 7 Si 291()I . $. d. 0 118 1 1 0

Lavender Flowers, the lb. Water. See Spirits. Lawns. See Linen. Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis. Lead; viz. 0 0 0 0 4

- Black, the cwt. - I-4C CO 0 0 1 8

Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. Pig, for every j100. of the Value 1 15 31 13 4 0 15 0

Red, the cwt. - 0 7 0 3 6

White, the cwt. - Leaf Metal. See Metal. Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, net otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value - 0 10 31 142 10 0 0 4 4

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves 0 2 8 0 1 2

of Roses or Violets, the lb. - 0 0 9* 0 0 4

Lemons, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000 not imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 19 4| 0 8 2

1,000 Essence of See Essence. Juice of See Juice. Peel of See Coitex. Pickled, the Tun of 252 Gallons 1 0 7 3 12 10 0 8 2 1 10 8

Lentiles, the Bushel -Leopard Skins. See Skins. Lexia Raisins. See Raisins. Lignum Quassiae, the cwt. - Rhodium. See Rose Wood, in Wood. f Vitae. See Wood. Limestone. See Stone. Limes, Juice of See Juice. Limonum Cortex. See Cortex.   Sal. See Sal. Linen, Plain; viz. - Canibricks and Lawns, prohibited; See 45 Geo. 3. c. 18. 9. Canvas; viz. - - Hessen Canvas, or Dutch Barras, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 0 94 8 17 4

120 Ells - - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 3 4 12 4

the! 20 Ells R r 4 3 7 1 1 2 4

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Linen  continued.

- Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce Elbing

or Queensborough Canvas,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 Ells

- Damask Tabling, of the Manufacture of Holland; viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell \ in Breadth, the

Yard

- exceeding 1 Ell*, and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under

3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards,

the Yard

- Damask Tabling, of the Manufacture of Silesia,

or of any other Place, not otherwise enume rated or described, the Square Yard

- Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the

Manufacture of Holland, the Yard  Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

- Diaper Tabling, of the Manufacture of Holland; viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell*in Breadth, the

Yard

- exceeding 1 Ell*and under 2 Elis in Breadth, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 2 Elis and under

3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 3 EUs or upwards, the Yard -

--Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silesia,

or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

- Diaper Towelling and Napkiaing, of the

Manufacture of Holland, the Yard

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining, of the

Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

- Drillings and Packduck; viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

Duty.

Drawback.

. s. d.

23 n

. 8. d.

0 15 0

2 5 01 0 15 0

0 11 11| 0 4 2

0 13 10 0 4 10

0 1590 5 6

1 3 0 0 8 0

0 2 10| 0 1 0

0 4 11 0 1 8

0 1 51 0 0 6

0 6 2|: 0 2 2

0 7 2| 0 2 6

0 7 8 0 2 8

0 11 Oj 0 3 16

0 3 4j 0 1 2

0 2 4i l 0 0 10

0 1 5| 0 0 6

5 10 1 18 4

54 CEO. III.

C. 129.

A.D. 1814.

617

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen  continued. - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, .. d. . 1. d.

the 120 Ells Flanders Linen, and Linen of the Manufacture of Holland, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described; viz. 5 15 0 1 18 4

- not exceeding 1 Ell* in Breadth, the Ell - - - exceeding 1 Ell \ in Breadth, and 0 3 4$ 0 1 2

under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell - - - of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under 0 3 10 0 1 4

3 Ells in Breadth, the Ell - - - of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, 0 4 3$ 0 1 6

the Ell - German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia), and Silesia Cloth, plain; rir. - - - not exceeding 31 - Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 0 6 2$ 0 2 2

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- 3 10 5$ 1 4 6

built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - - exceeding 31^ Inches, and not exceed-ing36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 3 12 10 1 4 6

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- O OO N 2 11 8

built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 7 13 4 2 11 8

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- < CO 3 19 6

built Ship, the 120 Ells - Hinderlands, brown, under 22 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 11 1593 19 6

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built 2 0 3 0 14 0

Ship, the 120 Ells Lawns, prohibited. See 45 Geo. 3. c. 18. 9.  Packcluck. See Drillings, in Linen. Russia Linen, plain; viz. - Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding22 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 2 2 2 0 14 0

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- 1 17 10$ 0 13 2

built Ship, the 120 Ells Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated or described, not exceeding 22| Inches in Breadth, 2 1 0 J; le 0 13 2

C. 129.

S4 Geo.

A.D. 181V

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen  continued. - - - imported in a British-built .. d. . d.

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- 1 18 9| 0 13 6

built Ship, the 120 Ells - - exceeding 22^ Inches, and not exceeding 31^ Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 2 0 0 13 6

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British- 3 1 9| 116

built Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 3l Inches, and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 3 4 2j 116

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built 4 12 0 1 12 0

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 36 Inches, and not exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 4 15 10 1 12 0

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built 8 6 3| 2 17 10

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 897J 2 17 10

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built 11 10 0 4 0 0

Ship, the 120 Ells - Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck; viz. - - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 11 18 7\ 4 0 0

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in aBritish-built 5 7 4

Ship, the 120 Ells ( - - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built 5 13 1

Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built 8 19'2i 

Ship, the 120 Ells96 10 

Sails, for every 100. of the Value not being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for 10492

every .100. of the Value Chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yam before the Ma- 76 13 4'26 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Drawback.

Linen  continued.

nufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, or worn, or used in Ireland, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value German and Russia Linen, chequered or striped, the Thread or Yarn of which the same is made being coloured, stained or dyed before the Manufacture, exported to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included, for every .100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth) may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38: And for the Duty on the Export of such Linen from Warehouse, See Schedule Outwards.

Yarn. See Yam.

Linn Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Linseed. See Seed.

- Cakes, the cwt.

- Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Liquorice; viz.

- Juice, or Ball. See Succus Liquorili*.

- Powder, the cwt. -

Root, the cwt.

Litharge; viz.

- of Gold, the cwt.

of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt.

Lobsters

Logwood. See Wood.

Long Pepper. See Pepper,

Losh Hides. See Hides.

Lucem Seed. See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace; viz.

the Produce of, and imported from any British

Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.

. s. d.

172 10 0

. s. d.

117 10 0

0 1 7

593

3 3 4

0 I 11*

0 1 7

0 3 m Free.

0 4 9

2 6 0

1 6 8

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 2 0

0 7 ll -

6zo

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  -INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Mace  contin u ed . t. d. . s. d.

- imported under Licence, the lb. - Oil of See Oil. Madder of all Sorts, for every j100. of the true and real Value thereof - - Madder Roots, unmanufactured, i n ported from any Country or Place before 5th January 1816 Mahogany. See Wood. Maize. See Corn. Mangrove Bark. See Bark. 09U 5 0 0 Free. 0 3 10

Manna, the lb. - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Manna may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty; iSee48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Maps and Charts, the Piece -Marble. See Stones; Marbles for Children. See Toys. Mares. See Horses. Hides. See Hides. Marjoram, Oil of See Oil. Marmalade, the lb. -Martin Skins. See Skins. Tails. See Tails. Mastich; viz. -  Red, imported directly from the Place of its 0 1 2$ 0 1 24 0 1 24 0 0 6

Growth, the lb. -1  i not imported directly from the Place of its O O CO 0 0 4

Growth, the lb. "* - of any other Sort, imported directly from the 0 I 7 0 0 8

Place of its Growth, the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its 0 1 2$ 0 0 6

Growth, the lb. -Masts. See Wood. Mats; viz. of Russia, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 2 4$ 0 1 0

100, containing Five Score  not imported in a British-built Ship, the 100, 1 390 10 0

containing Five Score - - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1 4 11| 0 10 0

100. of the Value -Matting; viz. - - 59 7 6 25 0 0

of Barbary or Portugal, the Yard - of Holland, the Yard - -  not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 1 21 0 0 9$ 0 0 6 0 0 4

every 100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Mattresses, for every .100. of the Value 59 7 6 

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

621

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Maw Seed. See Seed. Mead, the Gallon - -Meal. See Corn. Medals, for every <100. of the Value Medlars, the Bushel ... . I. d. 0 0 8f 59 7 6 0 49. s. d.

Melasses, the cwt. -  the Produce of, and imported from the 1 390 10 0

British Plantations in America, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Melasses may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Melting Pots, for Goldsmiths, See Pots. Mercury; viz. 0 7 0 3 2

Precipitate, the lb. - 0 1 Ilf 0 0 10

Sublimate, the lb. - - Metals; viz. 0 1 1 If 0 0 10

Bell Metal, the cwt. - -  - Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the Packet, containing 250 Leaves 0 19 9\ 0 8 4

0 0 7 0 0 3

prepared for Battery, the cwt. Metheglin, the Gallon -Mill Boards, the cwt. # Millet Seed. See Seed. 3 6 ft 0 0 8| 3 8 1 1 8 0

Millium Solis, the lb. -Mill Stones. See Stones. Mineral Water. See Water. Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 0 7 0 0 3.

' for every 100. of the Value Mink Skins. See Skins. Mohair Yarn. See Camel Yarn, m Yarn. Mole Skins. See Skins. 31 13 4 13 6 8

Morels, the lb. -'Moss; viz. Rock for Dyers' Use, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 2 9| 1 14 10 0 1 2

every 100. of the Value 31 13 4 13 6 8

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. Mules, each Mum. See Beer. Musical Instruments, not particularly enumerated or described, for every ^100. of the Value 04 04 <0 0 04 K 00 0 0 4

Musk, the oz. - - -Musquash Skins. See Skins. Mustard Seed. See Seed. Myrobalanes, the cwt. - Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, 0 490 11 1 0 2 0

the lb. - 0 1 7 > 0 0 8

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty.

. d.

Myrrh, not imported directly from the Place of its A Q O

Growth, the lb. 0 0

Myrtle Berries. See Berries.

Wax. See Bay Wax, in Wax.

N.

Napkining. See Linen.

Nardus Celtica, the cwt. - - 0 19 9

Natron, for every .'100. of the Value 31 3 4

Neats'Tongues. See Tongues.

Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets.

Nest Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets, old fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or

Pasteboard. See llags.

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Nutmegs; riz.

the Produce of, and imported from any

British Colony or Plantation in America,

the lb. - 0 3 6$

imported under Licence, the lb. 0 5 6*

Candied, the lb. 0 7 11

Oil of See Oil.

Nuts; viz.

- Cashew, for every j100. of the Value 31 13 4

Chesnuts, the Bushel ... 0 3 111

Pistachia Nuts, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. - 0 0 91

not imported directly from the

Place of their Growth, the lb. 0 1 7

- Small, the Bushel - - 0 2 9$

Walnuts, the Bushel - - 0 2 9$

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

j100. of the Value 59 7 6

Nux Vomica, the lb 0 1 2$

O.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

- Boards. See Boards.

- Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.

Plank. See Wood.

Timber. See Wood.

Oakum, the cwt. - 0 4 9

Oars. See Wood.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Corn.

Oculi Cancrorum. See Cancrorum Oculi.

Oil; viz.

- of Almonds, the lb. 0 0 9

Drawback. . t.

0 1 4

0 8 4

13 6 8

0 2 4 0 3 4

13 6 8 0 1 8

0 0 4

0 0 8 0 1 2 0 1 2

25 0 0 0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 4

C. 129.

623

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

. t. d. . s. d.

Oil  continued.

- of Amber or Succinum, the lb. 0 5 6J \ 0 2 4

- of Anniseed, the lb. 0 3 11J i 0 1 8

- of Bay, the cwt. - 1 5 0 10 8

- of Cajaputa, the oz. - - 0 2 4\ ^010

- of Carraway, the lb. - 0 2 4J 0 2 0 1 \ 0 1 0

- of Cassia, the oz. - 1 0 1 0

- of Castor, the lb. - I 0 0 6

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. - 0 3 C| 0 16

- of Cinnamon, the oz. 0 490 2 0

- of Cloves, the oz. 0 1 7 0 0 8

- Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- of Hempseed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -  of Jessamine, the lb. - - 31 0 0 0 3 m 0 1 8

- of Juniper, the lb. 0 1 2| 0 0 6

- of Lavender, the lb. 0 3 0 1 6

1  of Linseed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons  of Mace, the oz. - 31 0 0 0 1 11| 0 0 10

- of Marjoram, the lb. 0 2 9; 0 1 2

- of Nutmegs, the oz. 0 1 1H 0 0 10

- of Oranges, the lb. 0 3 6| 0 1 6

- Ordinary Oil of Olives in A British-built Ship, the Tun of 252 Gallons - 14 14 6 6 11 8

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Tun of 252 Gallons 15 13 2 6 118

- Palm Oil, the cwt. - 0 0 4 0 2 8

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Oil of Olives and Palm Oil may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. oap. 38.  Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or des-

cribed, the lb. - 0 3 6f 0 1 6

- of Pine, for every <100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

- of Rape Seed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - 31 0 0 

- Rock Oil, the lb. 0 0 91 0 0 4

- of Rosemary, the lb. 0 1 ll| 0 0 10

- of Roses. See Otto of Roses.

- of Rose Wood, the lb. 1 390 10 0

- Sallad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the

Gallon - 0 4 5 0 2 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, 0 2 0

the Gallon - 0 5 1

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Sallad Oil may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. 0 2 41 0 1 0

- of Sassafras, the lb.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Oil  continued.

- Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- of Spike, the lb.

- of Suecinum. See Oil of Amber.

- of Thyme, the lb.

- Train and Blubber; viz.

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shoals of the Island of Newfoundland, and, Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fisher)' from that Island, and ( residing the rein, and imported directly from j thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, regis-

1 tered and navigated according to Law, the Tun,

containing 252 Gallons -

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Terri for)' or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

- Train Ou, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living 1 in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a

British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey,

Duty. Drawbick.

. s. d. . d.

31 0 0._

0 1 2i 0 0 6

0 2 9J 0 1 2

0 5 2 

0 15 6 

2 1 6 -

5 4 0 -

20 0 0

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. ffl.

C. 129.

625

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Oil  Train Oil, continued. Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 . s. d. .. d.

Gallons - - -  Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks ami Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, 0 7 10

containing 252 Gallons ...  Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, 1 3 0

containing 252 Gallons  Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to 3 2 0 -

Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons  Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, contain- 7 15 0

ing 252 Gallons ...  Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated accordingjto Law, and imported in any such Shipping, ^the Tun, con- 31 0 0

taining 252 Gallons ...  Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent wholly by His Majesty's Subjects, carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 0 7 10

Gallons - - -54 GEO. III. S s 13 0

626

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

Jl. s.

Drawback.

d.

s.

Oil  continued.

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught

wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught

wholly by His Majesty's Subjects, usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of Foreign Fishing,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of the above Duty (as the case may be); See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. 22, 23, 24.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil, and all other Fish Oil and Blubber, may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38.

- of Turpentine, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Oil of Turpentine may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38.

- of Vitriol, the lb.

- Walnut Oil, the Gallon -

- Whale Oil. See Train OH.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wise charged with Duty, for every j100. of the Value

Oil Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, the cwt. -

Olibanum or Incense, imported directly from the Plate of its Growth, the cwt.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the cwt.

Olive Oil. See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in OU.

Olive Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon -

10 0

23 0 0

32 0 0

00 74

0 t 4} i

0 390 1 8

59 7 6 25 0 0

0 6 8$ 0 2 10

2 7 '6 1 0 0

J5 0 2 0 0

-0 2- 4i "-r?'.

54 GEO. III.

G 129

627

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Onion Seed. See Seed. Onions, the Bushel - -Open Tapes. See Tapes. Opium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, . s. d. 0 1 21 s. d.

the lb. - - not imported directly from the Place of its O QO 00 Hi*- 0 3 8

Growth, the lb. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Opium may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Opoponax Gum. See Gum. 0 17 5 0 7 4

Orange Flower Ointment, the lb. Water, the Gallon - - 0 1 2 0 3 2 0 0 6 0 1 4

Oranges, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000 0 19 4f 0 8 2

not imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000 Oil of See Oil. Orchal, the cwt. - Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt. ... Ordinary Oil of Olives. See Oil. Ore; viz. Copper. See Copper. Gold. See Bullion.  - - Iron. See Iron.  Lead. See Lead.  - Silver. See Bullion.  not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1 0 7 0 8 81 0 16 0 8 2

j100. of the Value -Organzine Silk. See Silk. Origanum, the lb. Oil of, as Oil of Thyme, in Oil. 31 13 4 13 6 8

0 2 9$ 0 1 2

Orpiment, or Auripigmentum, the cwt. 1 8 6 1 8 6 0 12 0

Orris, or Iris Root, the cwt. - 0 12 0

Orsedew, the lb. -Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers. Otter Skins. See Skins. 0 1 2 0 0 6

Otto of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the oz. Ounce Skins. See Skins. Outnal Thread. See Thread. Ox Hair. See Bull, Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.  Hides. See Bull, Cow or Ox Hides, in Hides.  Horns. See Horns.  Tails. See Tails. 0 11 10i 0 5 0

Oysters, the Bushel ... P. Fads Duck. See Drillings, in Linen. Packing Canvas, See Canvas, in Linen. Ss 2 0 12

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Pails, or Kits of Wood, the Dozen Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters* Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. -Paintings on Glass, for every, 100. of the Value Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Palm Oil. See Oil.

Panthers' Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper; viz.

- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage

only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

- Printed, painted or stained Paper, or Paper

Hangings, the Yard square

- Waste Paper, or Paper of any other Sort, not

particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. Parchment, the Dozen of Twelve Sheets Pasteboards, the cwt.

Paving Stones. See Stones.

- Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Ashes. See Ashes.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.

Pearls, for every .100. of the Value Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Peas. See Corn.

Pebble Stones. See Stones.

Pellitory, the lb.

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every .100. of the Value Pens, for every 100. of the Value Pepper; viz.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Dust. See Hair Powder.

- Oil. See Oil.

Perry, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Peruyianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Picture Frames. See Frames.

Duty. Drawback.

.. d. . s. d.

0 3 iii 

0 0 9* 59 7 6 0 0 4

0 0 9*

0 1 2$ 

0 1 7 0910$ 3 8 1 

0 17 5 15 16 8 0 7 4

0 490 6 4 

0 0 4$ 0 0 2

59 7 6 59 7 6 25 0 0 25 0 0

0 490 1 7 0 0 9: 0 2 0 0 0 8 094

17 0 9$ 7 3 6

1 8 6 0 12 0

0 4 5 

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

629

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty..Drawback.

Pictures; viz. - of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet . s. d. 3 8 1 .. d.

Square, the Picture -  of Four Feet Square or upwards, the Picture Pig Iron. See Iron. Pig Lead. See Lead. Pill Boxes. See Boxes. Pimento; riz.  - of the British Plantations, the lb. - not of the British Plantations, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations4 and Restrictions under which Pimento may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Pine Oil. See Oil. 6 16 2 10 4 3 0 0 9A 0 12* 0 0 4 0 0 6

Pink Root, the lb. - Pionv, or Peoni Seed. See Seed. Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood. Pistachia Nuts. See Nuts. Pitch; viz. imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding M|N 0 0 0 0 0 4

31  Gallons - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not ex- 1 8 6

ceeding 31  Gallons*- - the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of The Crown of the United Kingdom, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each 1 10 1

Barrel not exceeding 31  Gallons - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Pitch may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. 1 5 4

" Burgundy Pitch, the cwt. 0 N 3 0 6 0

Plaister of Paris, the cwt. - -Plants and Trees. See Flower Roots. Plate; viz. battered, fit only to be remanufactured. See Bullion. 0 2 4| 0 1 0

- of Gold, the oz. Troy - - 3 16 3 

- of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy 0 6 4 

- Part gilt, the oz. Troy - ungilt, the oz. Troy Plate Glass. See Glass. 0 5 11 0 4 4 

Platters of Wood, the Dozen a* 3 0 1 7

63a C.i2p. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Platting, or other Manufactures; viz. of Bast, Chip, Cane or Horse Hair, to be used in, or proper for making Hats or . s. d. .. d.

Bonnets, the lb. -  of Straw, to be used in or proper for making 0 5 Hi 

Hats or Bonnets the lb. Plume Alum. See Alum. 0 17 0$ 

Plums, dried, the lb. - 0 12}

Polishing Rushes, for every jfilOO. of the Value 31 13 4 13 6 8

Polipodium, the lb. ... 0 0 4f! 0 0 2

Pomatum, for every j100. of the Value 59 7 6 25 0 0

Pomegranates, the 1,000  Peels of, the cwt. Pomice Stones. See Stones. Porcelain. See China Ware. Portugal. Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Possessions of The Crown of Portugal in South America. See Brazil. Pot Ashes. See Ashes. 193$ 0 15 0*

Potatoes, the cwt. - -Pots; viz.  Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100, contain- 0 1 11

ing Five Score - 0 3 2 0 1 4

of Stone, for every j100. of the Value Powder; viz. 59 7 6 25 0 0 _ / % A

of Brass, for japanning, the lb. of Bronze, for every .100. of the Value Gunpowder. See in G. Hair Powder. See in H. Sago Powder. See in S. Precious Stones. See Jewels. Prints; viz. 0 5 6 59 7 6 0 2 4 25 0 0

Paper Prints, plain, the Piece coloured, for every j100. of 0 1 7

the Value Printers* Ink. See Ink for Printers. Prunella Sal. See Sal. 59 7 6

Prunelloes, the lb. - 0 1 2 Oil 6

Prunes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - not imported in a British-built ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Prunes may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 1 7 3 1 8 6 1 V J 1 011 c

48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. 0 0^0 0 2

Psyllum, the lb. -Puddings. See Sausages. Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in Water. v

jW).1814

54 GEO. III. C. 129.

631

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Q. Quassia Wood. See Wood. Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Quern Stones. See Stones. .. d. . s. d.

Quicksilver, or Argentum Vivura, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Quicksilver may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3, cap. 38. Quills; viz. 0 1 7 0 0 8

- Goose Quills, the 1,000 - 0 2 0 11 1(4 0 1 0

Swan Quills, the 1,000 0 5 0

Quinces, the 100, containing Five Score R. Racoon Skins. See Skins. Radix; viz. Contrayeme, the lb. Enulse Campanae, the cwt. Eringii, the lb. Ipecacuanha, the lb. Senekae, the lb. -  Serpentariae, or Snake Root, the lb. Rag Stones. See Stones. Rags, old, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, or for the Purpose of Manure, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 0 3 U| 0 1 7 0 13 5 0 0 4 0 3 6| 0 0 7 0 1 9$ 0 0 8 0 5 8 0 0 2 0 1 6 0 0 3 0 0 9

- imported in a British-built Ship - - - not imported in a British-built Ship Raisins; viz. Belvedere Raisins, imported in a British-built 1 5 8J

1 7 3}

Ship, the cwt. - - - - not imported in a British-built 1 1 4 090

Ship, the cwt. Denia Raisins, imported in a British-built 1 2 6 090

Ship, the cwt. - - - - not imported in a British-built 0 19 4 0 8 2

Ship, the cwt. Faro Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, 1 0 7 0 8 2

the cwt. -- - - - not imported in a British-built 1 1 4 090 1

Ship, the cwt.  -  Lexia Raisins, imported in a British-built 1 2 6 090

Ship, the cwt. - - - - not imported in a British-built 12 2 094

Ship, the cwt. S s 4 13 4 094

<32 C. 129. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Raising  continued.  Lipari Raisins imported in a British built . t. d. Jt. $. d.

Ship, thecwt. - - - - not imported in a British-built 1 i 4 090

Ship, the cwt. Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built 1 2 6 090

Ship, the cwt. - - - - not imported in a British-built 1 4 11 0 10 6

Ship, thecwt.  of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, 1 6 1 0 10 6

the cwt. -- ... not imported in a British-built 2 2 4 0 17 10

Ship, the cwt. - imported in a British-built Ship, 2 3 6 0 17 10

the cwt. - - not imported in a British-built 2 2 4 0 17 10

Ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Raisins of all Sorts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Rape Cakes, the cwt. - Seed. See Seed. Seed Oil. See Oil. 2 3 6 0 1 7 0 17 10

Rape of Grapes, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. Rattans. See Canes. Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn. Silk. See Silk. Red Wood. See Wood. Wool. See Wool. Reed Canes. See Canes. 1090 4 13 4

Rennet, the Gallon - - 0 0 4| 0 0 2

Resina Jalappae, the lb. - 0 6 8f 0 2 10

Rhinehurst, the cwt. - Rhodium Lignum. See Rose Wood, in Wood. 0 14 3 0 6 0

Rhubarb, the lb. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rhubarb may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Rice, imported from any British Colony or Plantation, 0 3 11 0 1 8

the cwt. not imported from any British Colony or Plan- 0 7 6$ 0 3 2

tation, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rice may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 48 Geo. 3. 1 > cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38* O O 0 3 2

A.D. 1814.

J4 GEO. III. C. 129.

633

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Roch Alum. See Alum. Rock Moss. See Moss.  Oil. See Oil. Romanum Vitriolum. See Vitriolum Romanum. Ropes of Bast. See Bast Ropes.  New. See Cordage. Old. See Rags. Rose Copper. See Copper. Rose Leaves. See Leaves. Rosemary Oil of \ See oil. Rose Wood, Oil of J Roses, Oil of See Otto of Roses. Rosin, or Colophonia; viz.  imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -  the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great . s. d. . 8. d.

0 490 5 C 

Britain, the cwt. - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rosin may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. oap. 38. Roundwood. See Wood. Rubies. See Jewels. Rum. See Spirits. Rye. See Corn. S. Sable Skins. See Skins. 0 3 2'-

Saccharum Saturni, the lb. - - 0 0 0 0 4

Safflower, the cwt. - - - 0 8 8i  '

Satfron, the lb. - - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Saffron may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Sagapenum Gum. See Gum. 0 7 l| 0 3 0 -

Sago, the lb. - - - 0 0 7 0 or 3

Powder, for every aI00. of the Value Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen. Sails. See Linen. Sal; viz. 59 7 6 25 0 0

- Ammoniacus, the lb. 0 0 4J  i.

Gem, the cwt. - - 0 7 H

Limonum, or Acetosella, the lb. 0 490 2 0

Prunella, the lb. - 0 0 4| 0 0 2

Succini, the lb. - Salep, or Salop, imported directly from the Place of 0 3 2 0 1 4

its Growth, the lb. -.0 \ 2\ 0 0 6

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

C. 129.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Salep or Salop, not imported directly from the Place . t. . u j

of its Growth, the lb. Sallad Oil. See Oil. 0 2 4 \ 0 10

Salt, the Bushel of 56 lbs. - - Note. The Duty on Salt is payable in Irish Currency. 0 2 0 0 2 0; I, 1

Saltpetre, the cwt. - -Sand Boxes. See Boxes. San drake Gum. See Gum. Sanguis Dra^onis, imported directly from the Place of 0 0 4j I

its Growth, the lb.   not imported directly from the 0 1 7 0 0 6 r 1

Place of its Growth, the lb. 0 3 2 0 14

Saphora, for every j100. of the Value Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum. Sark, Island of See Guernsey. 31 13 4 13- 6 8 1

Sarsaparilla, the lb. - 0 1 2\ 0 0 6;

Sassafras, the cwt. -  Oil of See Oil. Saunders; viz. 0 6 4 0 2 8

- Red, the cwt. - - - 0 3 11*

White or Yellow, the lb. 0 0 9|, 004

Sausages or Puddings, the lb. 0 1 2 

Scaleboards, the cwt. - Scammony, imported directly from the Place of its 3 8 1

Growth, the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its 0 6 4 0 2 8

Growth, the lb. - 0 12 8 0 5 4

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen - 0 2 4* 

Scratch Brushes, for every iff 100. of the Value Sculptured Marble. See Stones. 5? 7 6' 25 0 0

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, Sea Morse Teeth, the lb. Sealing Wax. See Wax. Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil. Skins. See Skins. Seed; viz. 0 1 7 0 0 8

- Ammi Seed, the lb. - 6 0 4J 0 0 2 1

Anniseed, the cwt. - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Anniseed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. 2 5 I5 0 19 0 j

- Canary Seed, the cwt. - - 1 14 0 0 14 2

Carraway Seed, the cwt. ... 0 11 1 0 4 8

Carrot Seed, the lb. - - 0 0 7 0 0 3

Carthamus Seed, the lb. - 0 0 4f 0 0 2

:  - Clover Seed, the cwt. - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Clover Seed may be secured in 096 0 4 0

A.D. 1814. 54# GEO. III. C. 129. 35

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Seed  continued. Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. . t. d. . s. d.

Cole Seed, the Quarter, containing Eight Bushels 1 7 3f 0 116

Coriander Seed, the cwt. - 096 0 4 0

Cummin Seed, the cwt. 0 15 10 0 6 8

Fennel Seed, the lb. - 0 0 4$ 0 0 2

- Fenugreek Seed, the cwt. -  Flax Seed, the Bushel - - 0 7 6i 0 0 4| 0 3 2

Forest Seed, for every jfilOO. of the Value Furze Seed, the cwt. - Garden Seed not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, 31 13 4 0 0 7 13 6 8

the lb.  - Hemp Seed, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushels - the Produce of and imported from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushels - Linseed, the Bushel - 0 0 7 0 17 5 0 0 9j 0 0 4| 0 0

Lucerne, the cwt. - - 09101 0 4 2

Maw Seed, the cwt. - - 111 8 0 13 4

Millet Seed, the cwt. - - e9i} 0 3 10

Mustard Seed, the cwt. 0 5 l| 0 2 2

Onion Seed, the cwt. - 2 0 3f 0 17 6

Piony, or Peoni Seed, the lb. Rape Seed, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushel - Worm Seed, imported directly from the Place 0 0 1 6 11 0 0 2

of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the o i 0 0 6

Place of its Growth, the lb. Seed not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 0 2 4$ 0 1 0

jfflOO. of the Value - -Seed Lac. See Lac, in Gum. Seed Oil. See Oil. Senna, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, 59 7 6 2 % 0 0

the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its 0 1 2$ 0 0 6

Growth, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Senna may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 G. 3. cap. 32., and 50 G. 3. cap. 38. Senega Gum. See Gum. Senekae Radix. 1Serpentariae Radix. / Serpentine Powder. See Gunpowder* Shaven Latten. See Latten. 0 2 4$ 0 1 0

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

.. d. . s. d.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting. Sheep Skins. See Skins. Wool. See Wool. Shellac. See Lac, in Gum. Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M. Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture (except Sails), for every 100. of the Value 31 13 4

Shovels of Wood, unshod, the Dozen 0 5 6\. 

Shruff or Old Brass, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. - 1 8 H 0 u 10

Shumach or Sumach, thq. cwt. 0 1 7 

Silk, for every lb. containing 16 ounces; viz. of Knubs or Husks of Silk, the lb. - 0 2 0 0 0 10

Raw Silk, the lb. - 0 290 I 41

Thrown Silk organzined, dyed, the lb. 1 29097*

- not dyed, the lb. 0 7 4 0 3 1

- not organzined, dyed, the lb. - - - - undyed, the lb. 1 29097

0 14 8 0 6 2

Waste Silk not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. 0 2 0 0 1 8

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Raw Silk, Thrown Silk and Waste Silk, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Wrought Silk; viz. Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, imported directly from thence, the lb. 3 1 9

Wrought Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, or both, not particularly enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 Ounces -912 0

Silk Manufactures of all other Sorts, whether of Silk only or mixed with any other Materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 Ounces - 7 I 8

Worm Gut, for every .100. of the Value 59 7 6 

Silver Coin. See Bullion.  - Plate. See Plate. Simatouba Cortex. See Cortex. Singing Birds. See Birds. Sister's Thread. See Thread. Skates for sliding, for every ^100. of the Value 59 7 6 1 1

Skeets for Whitsters, the Skeet - 0 0 7 j

Skins; viz. Badger Skins undressed, the Skin - 0 1 41 0 071

- Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 12 3| 0 591

- imported from any British ?'-; Colony, Plantation or 8et-1 tlement in America, the053!

' Skin - 0 8

637

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

U. s. d. Jt. d.

Skins  continued.'

Beaver Skins undressed, the Skin - - - - imported from any British Co- 0 1 7 

lony, Plantation or Settle-

ment in America, the Skin -^. O.O

- Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins, Deer.

- Calabar. See Squirrel Skins. Calves* Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in anyway dressed, imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen Skins - not imported in a British-built 0 1 ni 

Ship, the Dozen Skins 0 7 14 

- tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 0 9| 

Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 9* <L 0 4

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin - 0-0-94 0 0 9| 0 0 6

- Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins 0 0 4

- Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 7 

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settle-

ment in America, the Skin - 0 0 2i

- Indian, Half dressed or shaved.

the Skin  Dog Skins, in the ilair, not tanned, tawed or 0 0 7 

in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen Skins 0 0 9i 

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen Skins 0 5 04

- Dog Fish Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins - 0 5 l| 0 2 2;

Elk Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed.

- imported in a British-built Ship, 0 0 Hi

the Skin - -- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Skin - 0. 1 Hi

Ermine'Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 7 0 0 3

- Fisher Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 2 4^, 010

- imported from any British Co-

lony, Plantation or Settlement -

in America, the Skin 0 1 2i 0 0 9

Fitches Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins 0 3 2 0 1

Fox Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 i- 0- 0 4

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin 0 090*

- Tails* for every jglOO. of the Value 159.7 5 25 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

. . d. . 1. d.

0 2 9$

0 12 8 -

3 8 1 

0 5 (| 0 2 4

0 0 4| 0 0 2

0 1 7 

2 ]0 3 1 1 2

096 0 4 0

1 11 3$ 0 13 2

2 8| 1 14 10

0 3 2 0 1 4

0 4 6 0 4 0

0 5 111 0 2

0 2 4$ 0 1 0

0 1 2\ 0 0 9

0 16 23 0 6 10

0 0 9* 0 0 4

0 0 9; 0 0 6

0 1 ll| 0 0 10

0 0 44 0 0 2

1 8 6 0 12 0

0 3 2 0 1 4

0 3 2 0 2 0

0 7 6 0 3 2

096 0 4 0

0 29 1 2

0 5 11 -026

0 17 0 0 7 2

2 0 4$ 0 17 0

0 14 3 090

'O 8 3i 0 3

0 1 tf| '0 0 6

Skins  continued.

--Goat Skins; viz.

- raw or undressed, imported in a

British-built Ship, the Dozen Sldns -

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen Sldns -

- tanned, the Dozen Skins -

--Hare Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

--Husse Skins, undressed, the Skin

--Kid Skins, in the Hair, the 100 Skins -

- dressed, the 100 Skins

- Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the

100 Skins -.. dressed in Alum, Salt or Meal, the 100 Skins

- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins

- slink, undressed, in the Wool, the

100 Skins

- Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin -

--LionSkins, undressed, the Skin

--Martin Sldns, undressed, the Skin

- imported from Any British Co-

lony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

- Tails, undressed, the 100 Tails ----- Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

- dressed, the Sldn

- Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

--Muskquash Skins, wuhassed, the 100 Skins -

--Otter Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation or Settlement in America, the Sldn

..Ounce Sldns, undressed, the Sldn

Panther Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts -

- dressed, the Dozen Pelts

- of all other Sorts, undressed, the

100 Pelts

  Racoon Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the 100 Skinsfeble Skins, undressed, the Skin -

*Tails ot Tips-of Sable, undressed, the Piepe

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Skins  continued Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in any way dressed, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin not imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin - - - - cured with foreign Salt, and imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin - Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen . s. d. 0 0 2J 0 1 2$ 0 0 2J ill

Skins -- - dressed in Oil or otherwise, or 0 2 2 0 0 11

tanned or tawed, the Dozen Skins Squirrel, or Calabar Skins, undressed, the 09H 0 3 10

100 Skins ... Oil 5| 0 4 10

- tawed, the 100 Skins - 0 17 5 0 7 4

- Tails, for eveiw* 100. of the Value 5!) 7 6 25 0 0

- Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin - 0 2 2 0 0 11

- Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin - 096 0 4 0

- Weazel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 '490 2 0

- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Skin - - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, 0 12 3| 0 5 2

the Skin 0 3 11| 0 2 S

- tawed, the Skin 0 17 5 0 7 4

Wolverings, undressed, the Skin - - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement, in America, 7 H 0 3 2

the Skin Skins and Purs, or Pieces of Skins and Purs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, 0 2 0 1 6

for every 100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Skins may be warehoused without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. Skins and Purs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, curried or in any* way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise changed 59 7 6 25 0 0

with Duty, for every 100. of the Value - Slate. See Stones. 142 10 0

Slate Pencils, for every* 100. of the Value.Tables of A Slates in Frames. Xfee Stones. 59 7 6 -25 4) 11 r

Slick Stones. J J -

640

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Duty.Drawback.

. s. d. . s. d.

0  0 0 4

0 4 0 -

3 11

3 11 3 

0 3 2 

5D 7* 6 25 0 0

to 00 0 12 0

0 1 4 

e 2 9{ 0 12

0 1 7 1 0 14 3

0 13 7 0 12 8

0 1390 12 8

1 1 11 0 16 & K .

0 17 1 0 14 3

0 13 7 0 12 8

0 1390 12 8

0 17 1 0 14 3

0 17 1 0 14 3

0 10 0 0 7 0

0 13 7 0 7 0

0 J7 0 0 14 3

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Smalts, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Smalts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap.38. Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentarise.

Snuff, the lb.

- Boxes. See Boxes.

Soap; viz.

--Ashes. See Ashes.

- Hard, the cwt.

--Soft, the cwt.

Soaper's Waste, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Sour Crout. See Crout.

Spa Ware, for every j100. of the Value

- Water. See Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanish Wine. See Wine.

Wool. See Wool,

Spelter, the cwt. -Spermaceti; viz.

- Candles. See Candles.

...'fine, the lb.

- Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of See Oil.

Spikenard, the lb.

Spirits; viz.

--f- Arquebusade, the Gallon

* Brandy, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon -

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Gallon - Citron Water, the Gallon

- Cordial Water, or strong Water, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon -

- Geneva, imported in a British-built Ship, the

Gallon -

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Gallon -

- Hungary-Water, the Gallon

- Lavender Water, the Gallon f  - Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon

of any other Sort, the Gallon.-

Usquebaugh, the Gallon -

16

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Spirits  con t in ued.

- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of

Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon -And further, for every Gallon of Brandy, Geneva or Rum, above the Quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty on such Spirits to be paid in Proportion to the Duties payable for Single Spirits of the like Denomination, according to the comparative Decree of Strength which they shall bear to such Single Spirits.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Brandy and other Spirits may be warehoused without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and oO Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Spouts of Wood, for every .100. of the Value Spruce Beer. See Beer.

- Essence of See Essence.

- Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Squills, the cwt. -

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

Squirrel Skins. See Sldns.

Step Horns. See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Statuary.

I Statues of Marble, or 1 Stones sculptured.

I----- of any other Sort, for every .100. of the Value

I Sfcavesacre, the cwt.

t Staves. See Wood.

Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every, 100. of the Value Stibium. See Antimonium Prepar&triitf.

Stick Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Sticks; viz.

- Walking Sticks, for every 100. of the Value

Stock Fish, the 120

54 Geo. III. T t

\ See Sculptured Marble, j in Stones.

Duty. Drawback

. . d. Sm

0 13 0 0 12 5

0 ie 10 0 14 3

0 1 11; 0 0 10

0 3 iii 59 7 G 0 18

0 5 Ji 0 2 2

0 0 9J 0 0 4

0 1 7 0 0 8 [

9 10' 0 

59 7 6 I 7 81 25 0 0 0 11 8 '

59 6 --

59 7 6 0.4 4

642

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  inwards. Duty. Drawback.

Stockings, viz. of Cotton, for every  100. of the Value - M. </. 80 10 0 5. d.

the Value - - Stone; viz. Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100, containing Five 59 7 6

Score -Dog Stones, not exceeding Four Feet in Diameter, above Six Inches and under 12 3 16 0 1 12 0

Inches in Thickness, the Pair 6 3 6 2 12 0

Emery Stones, the cwt. _ 0 1 11$ 0 0 10

Filtering Stones, for every .100. of the Value Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton, containing 59 7 6 25 0 0

20 cwt. - Grave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot 0 2 41 

square, superficial Measure.   unpolished, the Foot square, su- 0 2 4$ 0 1 0 j

perficial Measure not of Marble, polished or unpo- lished, the Foot square, super- 0 0 9$, 004

ficial Measure 0 0 4$ 0 0

" Lime Stone, for every .100. of the Value  Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other unpolished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones polished), the Foot square. 31 13 4

superficial Measure - 0 3 2 0 1 4

- Marble Blocks, the solid  Marble Busts.] - - - Chimney Pieces. - - - Sculptured. - - - Statues. J Marble Paving Stones, Foot [ See Sculptured [ Marble. polished, the square 0 6 4 0 2 8

Foot, superficial Measure -- - - rough, the Foot square, 0 0 9$ 0 0 4

superficial Measure - Mill Slones above Four Feet in Diameter, or if 0 0 4$ 0 0 2

12 Inches in Thickness, or upwards, the Pair Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet 11 8 0 4 16 0

f square, superficial Measure 011 104 0 5 0

Pebble Stones, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 0 13 5$! 0 5 8

Polishing Stones, for every, 100. of the Value 31 13 4 13 6 8

Pomice Stones, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. Quern Stones under Three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches 1 13 3 0 14 0

in Thickness, the Pair -- Three Feet in Diameter, and not above Four Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches QO GO O 0 3 8 A M i

in Thickness, the Pair t Sk. I 0 17 5 0 7 4

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 1

64.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. J Duty. Drawback.

Stone  continued. . s. (1. . s. d.

Rag Stones, for every .100. of the Value Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt. Note. If any Statue, Groupe of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the same Block, shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight and no more.  Slate, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every .100. of the Value -  Slate of any other Country, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every jCIOO. of the Value - 31 13 4 0 2 9$ 41 16 0 G6 10 0 13 6 8

- Slates in Frames, the Dozen  Slick Stones, the 100  Statuary. See Sculptured Marble. -- the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands, respectively for every .100. of the Value  Sculptured. See Sculptured Marble.  Whet Stones, the 100, containing 5 Score Stone, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of the Value -Stone Bottles. See Bottles. Storax, or Styrax; viz. Calamita, or Liquida, imported directly from 0 2 9$ 0 7 11 41 16 0 0 8 85 66 10 0 III 1 0 vi

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - - not imported directly from the 0 1 2$; 0 0 6

Place of its Growth, the lb. -  in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from rr CM O. 0 1 0

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - - not imported directly from the 0 8 3| 0 3 6

Place of its Growth, the lb. Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. Platting. See Platting. Stuffs of all Sorts, made of, or mixed with Wool, the Yard - - - -Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons Styrax. See Storax. Succades, the lb. - -Succini SaL See Sal. 0 16 74 0 11 10$ 0 7 1$ 0 3 2 0* 111 0

Succinuro, the lb. 0 1 7 0 0 8

Succus Liquoritic, or Liquorice Ball or Juice, the cwt. T t 2 2 19 4$  )

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 18i4r

644

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Sugar; viz.  not of the British-Plantations; viz. , s, d. JL, 9. d.

- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. - Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the 0 8 

cwt. - -  of the British Plantations; viz. 3 3 0 

- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. - Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the 1 15 0

cwt. - For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are authorized to suspend according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either 1 s. in the 1 10 0; - I

Hundred Weight, 2s. in the Hundred Weight, or 3s. in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Sugar; See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed. Sugar of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported from and after the 27th May 1814, may be admitted to Entry until 5th April 1815, at the like Duty as is due and payable on Sugar of the British Plantations. See 54 Geo. 3.* Drawback the cwt.; viv.  if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado i 1 1 ! 1

Sugar published in the London Gazette shall 1 A /T

not exceed 58s. the cwt. - if it shall exceed 58s. the cwt. and not exccvd 19o

60s. the cwt. ... if it shall exceed 60s. the cwt. and' not exceed  1 7 6 1 5 6 O d?

62s. the cwt.

- if it shall exceed 62s. the cwt. All the above Prices are to betaken itv British j Currency, exclusive of the Duties of Custom* paid or payable on the Importation of such Sugar. In case the Average Pri6e of Sugar, as published in the London Gazette, shall be such as to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty 's Treasury in Ireland to suspend the Payment of any Part of the Duty on Sugar, then the Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations shall be reduced in [36

Proportion; vie. One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings the cwt. as the case may

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

Sugar  continued.

be: See the Act to which this Schedule is

annexed. And on the Exportation of any such Sugar from Ireland in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allowed One Shiuing less Drawback for every Hundred Weight thereof than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated and registered. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 1. c. 19. 4.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Sugar may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

For the Duties on Raw or Clayed Sugars taken out of Warehouse and exported; See the Schedule B.

Sugar Candy; viz.

- Brown, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Sulphur Impressions, for every jl00. of the Value -

- Vivum. See Brimstone.

Sun, Raisins of the See Raisins.

Swan Quills. See Quills.

*--- Skins. See Skins.

Sweepwashers' Dirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion.

Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Swine, as Provisions.

Syrup of Alkermes. See Alkermes.

5 14

9 2 59 7

d.

0

I

6

T.

Tables of Marble polished. See Marble, in Stones.

- of Slate. See Stones.

Tacamahaca Gum. See Gum.

Tails; viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the Hundred,

containing five Score

- Fox Tails.

Martin Tails.

- Sable Tails.

- Squirrel or Calabar Tails.

Talc, the lb.

Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Tallow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

See Skin*.

0 5 11

0 0 7 0 3 2 0 3 11

645

Drawback.

. s. d.

0 2 6

0 0 3

1

li 

646 C. 129- 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty.'Drawback

. s. d. J.

Tallow Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb. - - 0 0 7 0 0 3

Tanners Waste, for every j100. of the Value 31 13 4

Tapes; viz.

- open, for every j100. of the Value 59 7 6

- worsted, for every j100. of the Value 59 7 6

Tapestry, not of Silk, for every \00. of the Value - 59 7 6

Tapioca, the lb. - - 0 0 4J 

Tar; viz.

imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding

31^ Gallons - 1 1 U 090

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding

31 \ Gallons - - - 1 2 11^ 090

the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of The Crown of Great Britain, the Last

containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceed- 1

ing 31  Gallons - 0 19 41 0 8 2j

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

under which Tar may be secured in approved

Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3.

Cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

- Barbadoes Tar, the lb. 0 0 4}'0 0 2[

Tares, for ever)', 100. of the Value 31 13 4 

Tarras, the Bushel - 0 1 2 0 0 6

Tartar, Cream of See Cream of Tartar. 1

Tea. See Act of this Session # to grant certain Duties

and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandize

imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported.

Teasels, the 1,000 0 1 7 

Telescopes, for every jCl 00. of the Value 59 7 6

Terra; viz. > A, 4

Japonica, the lb. - 0 0 i 0 0

Sienna, the cwt. ... 1 11 8

1 Umbra, the cwt. - - 0 11 10 

j Verde, the cwt. - 0 15 10

|Thread; viz.

1  Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. 1 10 5

1 Cotton Thread, for every .100. of the Value 85 10 0

j Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs. 1 10 5

1 Pack Thread, the cwt. 1 4 5

Sisters Thread, the lb. - 0 8 3

c. 103. I

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Thread  contin ued.

- Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- not otnerwise enumerated or described, for every  100. of the Yralue Thrown Silk. See Silk.

Thyme, Oil of See Oil Tieking, for every <100. of the Value Ticks, for every 100. of the Value Tiffanies. See Wrought Silk, in Silk.

Tiles; viz.

- Flanders Tiles, the 1,000

- Galley Tiles, the Foot square

- Pan Tiles, the 1,000

- Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 Inches square, the

1,000

- exceeding 10 Inches square, the

1,000 ----- Plain Tiles, or any Tiles not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100. of the Value Timber. See Wood.

Tin, thecwt.

Tiucsil. See Borax unrefined.

Tinfoil, for every, 100. of the Value Tobacco, the 100 lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, until delivered out for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture in Ireland; See the Irish Act 37 Geo. 3. cap. 42., and also the Acts 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38., and 52 Geo. 3. cap. 58. Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes, for every  100. of the Value Tongues; viz.

- Neats Tongues, the Dozen -'-

- Rein Deer TQngues, for every 100. of the

Value

Tooth Powder, for every 100. of the Value

Tornsal, or Turnsole, the cwt.*

Tortoise Shell, the lb.

Touch Stones, for every 100. of the Value Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

under which Tow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Toys, for every 100. of the Value

Duty. Drawback, j

. s. d. . s. d.

1 16 5 

59 7 G 

59 7 6

59 7 6 

1 8 10 0 12 2

0 0 7 0 0 3

5 7 8 2 5 4

3 14 5 1 11 4

6 0 4 2 10 8

79 3 4 33 6 8

6 3 1

59 7 6

3 16 6r ! 1 1

79 3 4

0 1 11 

31 13 4

59 7 6 

0910f 

0 3 11^ 0 1 8

31 13 4 

096 0 4 0

0 10 3 0 4 Oj t

59 7 6

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Turpentine

Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Train Oil. See Oil.

Trays of Wood, the Dozen Treacle of Venice, the lb.

Trees and Plants. See Flower Roots.

Treenails. See Trunnels.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen -Truffles, the lb.

Trunnels, or Treenails, the 1,000 Tubes for smoaking, for every <100. of the Value Tubs of Wood, for every .100. of the Value Turbith, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Turbots, Duty-free.

Turmerick, the lb.

Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .100. of the Value Turnsole. See Tornsal.

; viz.

Common, the cwt.

- of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb.

- of Germany, or any other Place, net otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Turpentine may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Turpentine, Oil of See Oil.

Tutia Lapis. See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.

Twist, for Bandstrings. See Bandstring Twist.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

V.

Vaionia, the cwt* -

Varnish, the cwt.

Vases; viz.

of Stone or Marble sculptured. See Sculptured Marble, in Stone, of any other Sort, for every .100. of the Value Vellum, the Skin -

VeUes. Set Calves V7elves.

Verdegris; viz.

Common, the lb* -

chrystallized, or otherwise manufactured,

\ the lb.

Duty. Drawback.

jC. i. d. . d.

0 1 7*

0 3 6 0 1 6

0 1 11

0 5 Ci

0 7 6

59 7 6

59 7 6 

0 2 4$ 0 1 0

0 490 2 0

N O O 0 0 3

59 7 6 

0 4 4i 0 1 10

0 0 91 0 0 4

1 6 1 0110

1 10 10

0 2 4j

0 17 5 0 7 4

59 7 6

0 7 1/ 

0 3 3 

0 c $1 

16

A.D. 18r4*

J4 GEO. III.

C.I2f

*49

Duty. Drawback.

M. t. d. . t. d.

0 0 7

0 1 lif 0 0 10

57 0 0

0 16

 o tel- 0 0 3

0 1  

0 11 10

0 1

114 0 0

59 7 C

0 3 11-'

0 o'lJ| 0 0 5

3 18 0

6 3 6 2 12 0

r* 0 2 4j| 0 1 2[

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Verjuice. See Vinegar.

Vermicelli, the lb.

Vermillion, or Cinnabar, the lb.

Users. See Wood.

Vinegar, or Verjuice, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Vinelloes, the lb.

Violet Leaves. See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oil of See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -. not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -Umber, thecwt.

Vomica Nux. See Nux Vomica.

Usquebaugh. See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers, See Feathers.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

Wainscot Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Logs. See Wood.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

- Sticks. See Sticks.

Walnut Oil. See Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Washing Balls. See Balls.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Watch Glasses, for every jflOO. of the Value Watches of Gold, Silver or other Metal, for every ^100. of the Value -

Water; viz.

- Arquebusade.

- Citron. I

- Cordial. > See Spirits.

- Hungary. I

- Lavender. J

- Mineral, or Natural Water, the Dozen Bottles

or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding 3 Pints -

Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. viz.

- Bay, or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

- white, or manufactured, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Bees Wax may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geq3. cap. 38.

- Hard Wax, the lb.

Wax

Wax  continued.

- Sealing Wax, for every j100. of the Value  Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Ashes. See Ashes.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fin9; viz.

- taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- taken and caught on the Banks and Shores

of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and' imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's

Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law. the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- of Foreign Pishing, the Ton, containing

20 cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins of British Fishing may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to

Duty.

. s. d. 59 7 6

0 2 9

. s. d.

0 1 2

2 7 6

3 3 4! 

15 0 

6 6 8

95 0 0

Whale Fins  continued.

Entry as of British Fishing; Sec 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. 22.

Whale Oil. See Oil.

Wheat. See Corn.

- Flour. See Corn.

Whetstones. See Stones.

Whipcord, the lb.

Whisk Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoemakers. See Boards, in Wood. Wicker Ware, for every j^IOO. of the Value Wick Yarn. See Yarn.

WTine; viz.

--French Wine, imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun, containing 252

Gallons

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

German Wine. \ See Rhenish Wine.

Hungary Wine. J

Madeira Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

. 1. d. . s. d.

0 0 9; 

59 7 6 

135 12 0 139 13 0

- !12C 3 0

I

- 1121 4 0

I

1

i

91 0 0 

94 0 0 i 

84

o i

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wine  Madeira Wine, continued. - - exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons . $. d. . s. d.

80 17 0

Portugal Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 90 6 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 9390

.. exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to aov of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 84 0 0

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons ! 1 80 17 0

- Rhenish, German and Hungary Wine, ... imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Ill 6 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 115 10 0 1 1

.. exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 1 ! 101 17 0

- exported to any other Place, the 1 i 96 12 0

1 Tun, containing 252 Gallons 

- the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the t, Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependen- 1 / /

cies thereof, - -s imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing ! \ i 1

(. 252 Gallons, 29- fi O-i'. 1 ', T7?Z  J 

- pot imported in a British-built fis -r

Ship, the Tun, containing..Sa. J -t?-7 "f

252 Gallons 3090 1  1

54 GEO. III.

C* I2p

653

Wine  of the Cape of Good Hope, &c. continued.

- exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any of the other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - - exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Spanish and all other Wine not enumerated or described,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the Tun, containing

252 Gallons

- not imported in a British-bud t

Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in I South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Wine may be entered on Bond; See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87., and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Win Lees, subject to the same Duty arWine, but no Drawback is allowed on Leer of Wine exported. Winteranus Cortex. See Cortex.

Wire, Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or;

described, the cwt. ...  gilt or plated, for every j100. of the Value -  iron, not otherwise enumerated or described? the cwt. --- Latten, the cwt.

- Silver, for every JtlO0. of the Value

- Steel, the lb.

- Virginal Wufc of Brass, Copper orlhm, Ae lb.

d.

90 6 0

9390

. s. d.

28 7 0

27 6 0

84 0 0

80 17 o

5

59

14*

7

5 1*9 5' ? 3 7 0

1 9

2 5

59

0

0

654

C.i29>

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Woad; viz.

j----- Green Woad, the cwt.

- Thoulouse Woad, the cwt.

Wolf Skins. 4 e C1. i Wolverings. / ee n8,

Wood; viz.

I  --- Anchor Stocks; viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the Piece

- not imported in a British-builtj

Ship, the Piece - -j

- of the Growth and Production!

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Piece - -i

- Biilks; viz.

- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24

Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches

Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,

- imported in aBritish-built Ship,

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet -

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

- of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

Battens; viz.

- 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2 JInchesinThick ness,

- imported in aBritish-built Ship,

the 120 -

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -

- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not.

above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness,

Duty. Drawback.

t. s. d. . s. it

0 4 4 0 1 10

0 8 8 0 J 8

0 8 3 0 3 6

0 8 8 0 3 6

0 09 

18 297 12 8

18 8 11 7 12 8

3 4 11 1 7 4

3 8 1 1 7

0 16 2 

10 11 4 A 9. 0

10 16 1 490

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III

C.I2<*

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty* Drawback,

Wood  Battens, continued. - - - imported in a British-built M. $. d. t. d.

Ship, the W20 - - not imported in a British- 21 298 18 0

built Ship, the 120  Batten-ends; viz. - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness, < - imported in a British-built 21 12 3 8 18 0

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 3 11 3 1 10 0

built Ship, the 120 - - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built 3 13 7 1 10 0

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 7 4 10 3 1 0

built Ship, the 120  Battens and Batten-ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported 7 8 10 3 1 0

directly from thence, the 120  Beech Plank; viz. - - 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 0 8 3

Feet - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 2 8 8 1 0 6

Cubic Feet - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from 2910 1 0 6

thence, the 120  Beech Quarters; viz. - - under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, imported in a British- 0 8 3

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 10 7 1 18 2

120 - 4 12 2 1 18 2

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  -Beech Quarters, continued..- - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the . sw d. . . i

120 - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 12 3 5 5 2 6

the 120 - - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production t>f the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di- 12 7 0 5 2 6

rectly from thence, the 120 Boards; viz. - - Beech Boards; viz. under 2 Indies in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in LehgtH, - imported in a British-built Ship, 0 16 2

the 120 - - - - not imported in a British-built 4 0 5 1 17 8

Ship, the 120 - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, 13 5 1 17 8

the 120 - - not imported in a British-built 8 18 11 3 15 4

Ship, the 120 - Clap Boards; viz., - - - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, 96 10 3 15 4 - I. A

the 120 - - - - not imported in a British-built 6 1 11 2 11 4 M 1 1 A

Ship, the 120*- - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 6 5 1 2 114

the 120 - - -- Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers; viz. - under Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thicknete, 0 12 3 J

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C.i3|. 657

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty.'Drawback.

. s. d.

Wood  Boards, Linn Boards, continued. - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - 6 16 6 2 17 6

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 12flT 7- O il 2 17 6

- 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 - 13 13 1 5 15 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 14 1 10 5 15 0

- Mill Boards. See in M. - - Oak Boards; viz. - ... under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 18 1 0 7 12 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 18 13 8 7 12 0

- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 36 2 0 15 4 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 37 7 4 15 4 0

- Paling Boards; viz. - - - hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, 1 v imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 1 17 2 0 15 8

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120, 1 1890 15 8

- hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 3 14 5 1 11 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 3 17 7 1 11 4

- Paste Boards. See in P. - Pipe Boards; viz.*- - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, imported in a British-built Ship, the 12092 10 3 17 0

- not imported in a British-0 built Ship, the 120 S4Gko. in u u 1 |95 3 3 17 0

54 GEO. QL

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

.. d. . . A

Wood  Boards, Pipe Boards, continved. - ... exceeding 8 Feet m Length, and under 8 Inches Square, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 18 597 14 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship the 120 18 10 6 7-14 Oj

- of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 19 4

- Scale Boards. See in S. - - Wainscot Boards; viz. - - - - the Foot, containing 12 Feet; in Length, and 1 Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship 0 5 6 0 2 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship - 0 6 4 0 2 4

- of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, th*12>0 0 8 3

Bowsprits. See Masts.  Boxwood of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - - 1 13 3

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Ton, containing 20 cut. 7 18 4 4 15 0

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. ... 0 16 - (

1   Gam Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 1 10 0

1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 12$. 659

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. drawback.

Wood  continued. Deals; viz. - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding H Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, . s. . s. d.

the 120 - not imported in a British-built 8 2 6 4 6 8

Ship, the 120 - - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 J Inches in Thickness (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1-| Inches in Thickness,) \ - imported in a British-built Ship, 8 6 10 4 6 8

the 120 - - not imported in a British-built 20 15 7 8 15 0

Ship, the 120 -- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3| Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, 21 10 8 8 15 0

the 120 - - not imported in a British-built 41 11 3 17 10 0

Ship, the 120 - -- - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, 43 1 4 17 10 0

the 120 - - not imported in a British-built 5192 21 13 4

Ship, the 120 above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, 52 16 1 21 13 4

the 120 - - not imported in a British-built 100 6 1 42 4 8

Ship, the 120 - Deal Ends; viz. - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, U u 2 101 17942 4 8

66o

C. 129.

54 GEO. IK.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  Deal Ends, continued. - - imported in a British-built .. d. . s. d.

Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built 7 1 8 2 19 8

Ship, the 120 - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3* Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built 7 7 3 2 19 8

Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British- 13 14 8 5 15 8

built Ship, the 120  Deals and Deal Ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported 14 5 0 5 15 8

directly from thence, the 120  Ebony, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence re- 0 8 3

spectively, the Ton, containing20cwt. -- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 1 0 8

20 cwt. -  Firewood; viz. - - the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, - - imported in a British- 24 14 0 10 8 0

built Ship -- not imported in a Bri- 0 19 0 0 8 0

tish-built Ship - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet 0 1990 8 0

wide and 6 Feet high -  Fir Quarters; tuas. under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British- 0 0 9

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 18 2 7 7 12 8 7 12 8

built Ship, the 120 - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or upwards. 18 8 11

A.6.1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 129.

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. _ 1 Duty. Drawback.

. s. . s. d.

Wood  Fir Quarters, continued. - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 3 4 11 1 7 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 3 8 1 1 7 4

- of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 Fir Timber. See Timber. Fustick, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  Guinea Wood. See Red Wood. -  Handspikes; viz. - under 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 0 16 2 1 4 6 2 7 6 1 0 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 2 1891 0 0

- 7 Feet in Length, or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 4 15 0 2 0 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 4 IS 2 O O

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, - under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 - - 7 Feet in Length, or up- wards, the 120  Knees of Oak; viz. - under 5 Inches Square, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 0 2 2 0 4 4 0 11 10 O 1 1 O

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 0 12 8 O O

5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 4 17 4 2 1 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 5 1 8 2 1 0

66

C. 129.

54 GEO. III.

AJMvv

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  Knees of Oak, continued. - - - 8 Inches Square, or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, . s. d. . s. d.'

containing 5 0 C ubic Feet - - i*ot imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, 1 10 10 0 13 0

containing 50 Cubic Feet - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, under 8 Inches Square, 1 13 3 0 13 0

the 120 - - - - 8 Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, con- 0 8 3

taining 50 Cubic Feet  Lathwood; viz. in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, 0 5 6

- imported in a British-built Ship - - not imported in a British- 4 17 4 2 1 0

built Ship - - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length, or upwards, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, - imported in a British-built 5 1 8 2 1 0

Ship -- - not imported in a British- 7 4 10 3 1 0

built Ship of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 Feet wide 0 GO 3 1 0

and 6 Feet high  Lignum Vit, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 0 5 11

20 cut. - r - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the 0 11 1 1 A A I

Ton, containing 20 cwt. 5 4 12 1 9

A.D. 18?4

54GQ, III.

*29.

663

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  continued. Logwood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  Mahogany, of the Growth of Bermudas, or of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing . a d. 091 . a d.

20 cwt. -- of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, 3 16 0 1 12 0

the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - not imported directly from Bermudas, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton, 3 16 0 1 12 0

Containing 20 cwt. Masts, Yards or Bowsprits; viz. - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, - - imported in a British- 11 17 6 1 12 0

built Ship, each - - - not imported in a British- 096 0 4 0

built Ship, each - - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, - - imported in a British- 0 11 1 0 4 0

built Ship, each - - - not imported in a British- 1 6 1 0 11 0

built Ship, each -- 12 Inches hi Diameter, or upwards, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 1 7 8 0 11 0

Feet - - - not imported in aBritish-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 3 4 11 17 4

Feet " " - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,* - 6 Inches in Diameter, 3 8 1 1 7 4

and under 8 Inches, each Uu 4 0 3 2 0 1 4

C.T29*

54 GEO. III.

A 1814.

664

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. 1 "  7 Duty* Drawback.

- z. /. 7 \' d.

Wood  Masts. &c. continued. - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, each 0 8 3 0 3 6

- 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 1 10 5 0 12 10

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, or Timber fit for Naval Purposes of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence, Duty-free; See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117., continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19., to the 25th March 1810, and by 52 Geo. 3. cap. 33., further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War. - Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 1 6 1

- Oak Plank; viz. - - - 2 Inches in Thickness or upw'ards, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet - 5 16 4 290

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 6 4 0 290

- of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 8 3

- Oak Timber. See Timber.  Oars; viz. - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 14 19 3 6 6 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 15 896 6 0

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 19 4

Olive Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence'respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 0 12 3

A.D. 1814 54 GEO. III. C. 129. 66$

SCHEDULE (A.)  inwards. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  Olive Wood, continued. - - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the . s. d. . t. d.

Ton, containing 20 cwt. Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. 895 1 18 0 3 11 4

Rose Wood, the cwt. - Round Wood; viz. - in Pieces under 8 Inches Square, and under 6 Feet in Length, imported in a British- 2 5 0 19 2

built Ship, the 120 not imported in a British-built Ship, 2 4 8 0 18 10 I

the 120 - -- - - in Pieces under 8 Inches Square, and if 6 Feet in Length, or upwards, imported in a British- 2 6 3 0 18 10 j

built Ship, the 120 not imported in aBri-tish-built Ship, 495 1 17 8

the 120 - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120  1 Spars; viz. - - under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, --- imported in a British- 4 12 7 0 3 2 1 17 8

built Ship, the 120* - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 2 16 2 13 8

120 - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported in a British- 2 19 4 1 3 8

j built Ship, the 120 [ - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 17 4 2 10

120 5 1 4 2 10

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood  Spars, continued. - 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches, exclusive of the Bark, - - - imported in a British- . s. d. . . <L

built Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 10 11 4 490

120 - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, 10 19 3 490

the 120 -  Speckled Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, con- 0 16 2

taining 20 cwt..- - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 0 16 2

20 cwt. - Spokes for Wheels; viz. - not exceeding 2 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, 8 14 2 3 13 4

the 1,000 - not imported in a British-built Ship, 3 7 3 1 8 4

the 1,000.- exceeding 2 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, 3 10 0 1 8 4

the 1,000 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 6 14 7 2 16 8

the 1,000- - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from 7 0 1 2 16 8

thence, the 1,000 0 6 4

667

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. Duty, Drawback.

Wood  continued. Staves; viz. - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches In Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, . s. d. . s. d.

the 120 - not imported in a British-built 1 6 1 0 110

Ship, the 120 - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, 1 6 11 0 110

the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built 291 1 0 8

Ship, the 120 -- - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, 2 10 8 1 0 8

the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built 3 4 11 1 7 4

Ship, the 120 -- - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-built Ship, 3 7 3 1 7 4

the 120 - not imported in a British-built 4 1592 0 4

Ship, the 120 - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, 18 2 2 0 4

the 120 - -- not imported in a British-built 5 8 5 2 5 8

Ship, the 120 -- - being the Growth and Production of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported 5 14 0 2 5 8

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

8.

Drawback.

d.

8. d.

Wood  Staves, continued.

directly from thence respectively, not exceeding 1 J Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One Third Part only of the Duties hereinbefore imposed on Staves.

- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

*of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 -

of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in

Length, the 120 -

- Sweet Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Timber; viz.

- Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway,

and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square and upwards,

- in a British-built Ship, the

Load, containing 5 0 Cubic Feet

- not in a British-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -

- not otherwise charged with Duty, 8

I nches Sqdare or upwards,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

0 1 2 0 2 4

0 16 2 10 12 11

3 4 11 3 8 1

3 4 11

498

1 7 4 1 7 4

1 7 4

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

>. s. d. . s. d.

3 8 I 1 7 4

0 2 4 

3 191 6 0

3 4 11 1 6 0

0 5 6 

1 12 5 0 13 8

1 14 0 0 13 8

0 2 4

Wood  Timber, continued.

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -

- of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- Oak Timber; viz.

- 8 Inches Square or upwards,

- imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Timber fit for Naval Purposes of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thenceDuty-free; See 46f Geo. 3. cap. 117., continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19., until 25 March

C. 129.

4 peo. in.

A.D. 1814.

670

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS. t>uty. Drawback 1

Wood  Timber, continued. 1810, and by 52 Geo. 3. c. 33., further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War. Users, - under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, . s. d. .. d i 1

the 120. not imported in a British-built 18 2 7 7 12 8

Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 18 8 11 7 12 8*i

Feet - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 3 4 11 1 7 4

Cubic Feet - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches 3 8 1 1 7 4

Square, the 120  Wainscot Logs; viz. being 8 Inches Square or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 0 16 2 j

Feet - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 495 1 17 s J

Cubic Feet - - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet Yards. See Masts. unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not. particularly eninnerated or) 4 12 7 0 5 6 I 17 S 1 1

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Wood  unmanufactured, continued.

described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of the Value -- - of the Growth or Production of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, for every 100. of the Value

- not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100. of the Value,

- imported in a British-

built Ship

- not imported in a British-built Ship

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Mahogany, Staves, Timber and other Wood, may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Wood Ashes. See Ashes.

Wood Scoops. See Scoops.

Wooden Clocks. See Clocks.

Wool; viz.

- Beaver Wool, the lb.

- cut and combed (except combed

in Russia and imported from thence in a British-built Skip), the lb.

- Carmenia. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

- Coney Wool, the lb.

- Cotton Wool; viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the 100 lbs.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 100 lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restriction^ under which Cotton Wool may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Goat Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

--Hare's Wool, the cwt.

- Lamb's Wool. See Sheep's Wool.

- Ostrich, or Estrich Wool,

imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

sS. 8. d.

5 16 9

5 16 9

31 13 4 33 5 0

0 I 7

1 14 0

0 4 3

0 16 11 15 6

1 1 9

0 7 11

671

Drawback. . s. d.

13 6 8j 13 6 8

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Wool  Ostrich, kc. continued.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- Polonia Wool, the cut.

- Red Wool, the cwt.

- Sheep's Wool, or Lamb's Wool, the cwt.

- Spanish Wool, the cwt.

- Turkey Goat's Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Woollen Cloths, all manner of, the Yard  Stuffs. See Studs.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Worm Seed. See Seed.

Worsted Tapes. See Tapes.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Y.

Yards. See Masts, in Wood.

Yarn; viz.

- Cable Yarn, the cwt.

--Camel, or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

- Cotton Yarn, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Cotton Yarn and Mohair Yam may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

- Grogram Yam, the lb.

- Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

Raw Linen Yam, not made of Flax,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt. not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- Wick Yam, the cwt.

- Woollen or Bay Yarn, the cwt.

- Worsted Yam, being of Two or more Threads,

twisted or thrown, the lb.

of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every .100. of the Value Yellow Berries. See Berries.

Duty.

Drawback.

. s. d.

15 10

11

11

11

11

1 14 0

1 1 4

0 1 7 0 0 9

0 1 7

0 0 9

1 0 7

0 3 11

1 3 9

8 8

1 10 1

0 1 7

59 7 6

.. d.

0 0 8

0 0 8

SCHEDULE (A.)  INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Zaflre, for every .100. of the Value Zedoaria, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -  not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

GOODS, Wares and Merchandize, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, for every .100. of the Value -

GOODS, Wares and Merchandise, not being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported* into or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, for __________every, 100. of the Value

. s. d. a. d.

31 13 4 13 6 8

0 1 2 0 0 6

0 2 4 0 1 0

59 7 6

i

t

31 13 4 J 13 8

SCHEDULE X.)

DUTIES payable upon the Exportation of Foreign Merchandize from Ireland to any Country or Place except Great Britain.

OUTWARDS. Duty.

. d.

Agaric; viz.

rough or untrimmed, the lb. - - 0 0 r

trimmed or pared, the lb.*. 0 0 6

Ammoniacum Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Annotto, the lb. m - 0 0 2

Antimonium Crudum, the cwt. m - 0 0 6

Aquafortis, the Gallon -. 0 0 6

Arabic Gum. See Gum. I

Argol, the cwt. - m 0 1 0

' Arsenic, the cwt. - - - 0 6 4

emu, iuc

54 GEO. III. X x

674

C. 129.

54" GEO. III.

Bay Berries, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin Wool. See Wool.

Brazil Wood. w

Braziletto, or Jamaica Wood. J*ee 00

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis Calaminaris.

Cochineal, the lb.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. -Fustic. See Wood.

Galls, the cwt.

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum; viz.

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

- Stick Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto Wood, in Wood.

Indigo, East India, the 100 lbs.

Isinglass, the cwt. -Lapis Calaminaris, for every 4100. of the Value Linen, plain; Linen of all Sorts, except Sail Cloth, warehoused

under the Regulations of the Act of 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., or 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38., and which shall be exported from any such Warehouse, for every j100. of the true and real Value thereof Litmus, the cwt.

Logwood. See Wood.

Madder, the cwt.*-

- Root; the cwt.

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt.

Orchelia, the cwt.*-

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt. -Red or Guinea Wood. See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.

Sal  vtz.

- Ammoniacus, the cwt.

- Gem, ithe cwt.

Sapan Wood. See Wood.

Saunders, Red, the cwt. -Senega Gum. See Gum.

Schumac, or Sumach, the cwt. -Stic Lack. See Gum.

Sugar, Any Raw or Clayed Sugars of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Mariega-lante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin's and Saba, warehoused, on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, which shall be exported, or shipped for Exportation, from any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable to the Portion of Duty following; toe*

. . d. 0 0 4 0 1 0

0 0 6 0 1 8

0 1 8

290 0 8 8 0 6 4

0 14 4

0 1 4 8 0 0

15 0 0 0 1 0

1 4 6 4

I 8 1 0

0 0 8 0 0 2

6 4 6 4

0 1 2 0 0 8

SCHEDULE (B.)  OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Sugar  continued,

- if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar published

in the London Gazette shall not exceed 58a. the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

- White or Clayed Sugar, exported in a British Ship,

the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

- if the Average Price shall exceed 58s. and not exceed 60s.

the cwt.

Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

- White or Clayed Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

- if the Average Price shall exceed 60s. and not exceed 62s. the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship, the cwt.

- White or Clayed Sugar, exported iu a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cm.

- if the Average Price shall exceed 62s. the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign

the cm.

- White or Clayed Sugar, exported in a British Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

Torasal, or Turnso'e, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cm. -Verdigris, the lb.

Wood; viz.

- Brazil Wood, the cm.

- Braziletto, or Jamaica Wood, the cwt.

- Fustic, the cwt.

- Logwood, the cm.

- exported in a British-built Ship

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d.

0 6 1 6

5 6

6 6

6

6

6

6

6

5 6

0 10

0 6 0 7 0 11

6

6

6

6

6

6

4

0 12 0 6 0 6 0 0 0 2

0 1 8 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 1 8 Free.

6y$ C. 1^9, 130. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (B.)  OUTWARDS. Duty.

Wood  continued.  - Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.* Red or Guinea Wood, the cwt. - Sapan Wood, the cwt. - - Wool; viz. Beaver Wool, the lb. - 00 CO GO 000 0 Hi

SCHEDULE (C.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES upon Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, imported into Ireland directly from thence.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES. Duty.

.. d.

Upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb. of 16 Ounces - 0 3 8

Upon all Silks and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold and Silver, the

lb. of 16 Ounces - - - 0 4 9

Upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces,

Stitching and Sewing Silk, the lb. of 16 Ounces 0 2 2

Upon ail Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 Ounces ... 0 2 10

Upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the lb. of 16 Ounces - 0 0 10

Upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, the lb. of 16

Ounces - 0 1 3

Upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the lb. of 16 Ounces 0 0 7

Upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, the lb. of

16 Ounces - 0 0 11

370.3. (I.) <.51.

f1-

J*o.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[25th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited time the Rcjiriftions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second

Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on

Payments in Cash by the Bank, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Ireland to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt qjr JJe-

mand whatsoever, except according to the Provisipus thetsip tf>0-

tained; and that the Paid Ad shall be in fiance and have Continuance

until

*77

A.D. 1814.4" GEO. III. C. 130, 131.

' until Three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain on the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland should

by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of the

[43 G. 3. c. 44.]

United Kingdom in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's 1 Reign, the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further continued; and by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, both the said recited Acts were further continued: And Whereas it is expedient to [44 O.3.C. 21.] 4 continue for a further time the said recited Acts of the Thirty

seventh and Forty third Years aforesaidP May it therefore please

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the continued until said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of

His present Majesty's Reign shall have Continuance until the Expira- af ReitrSiou tion of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed or on Bank of

to be imposed by any Act (a) made or to be made in this present England. Session of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank Exception, of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order of Council, direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease. (a) [See c. 52. ante.]

[See as to Bank of England, c. 99. ante.]

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain cases.

[25th July 1814.]

WHEREAS Disturbances have from time to time existed in different Parts of Ireland, for the Suppression whereof the

ordinary Police hath been found insufficient, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for such cases: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That, from and after the passing Chief Magistra| of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieu- of p?lice! tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the appo*nt, d* time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation, that any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, or any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or ifelf Baronies in any County at large, to be therein specified, is or are' in & State of Disturbance, and requires or requite an extra*' ordinary Establishment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor oT Governor^ <Sf Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand' am! Sekl, to appoint One Chief Magistrate of Police for fu^h County,

Xx, or

<S7*

C. 131.

54 GEO. III.

AJ5.1814.

Chief Magistrate to take Oaths, and have Powers of Justice of Peace;

and reside in the County for which he is

Mar*

Chief

fee- to Utyt-

Reftdwrt JufHew to he aiding the Chief Magistrate, and to deliver in Exa-

or for any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, which may be so drfturbed, so that if there shall be more than One such Barony or Half Barony, there may be either One or more such Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, not exceeding One for each Barony or Half Barony, as shall seem bed; and the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have full Power from time to time to remove any such Chief Magistrate, and upon such or any Vacancy or Vacancies to appoint One or more Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, either according to the same Arrangement, or to any other which the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper to make as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate shall forthwith take the Oaths which shall be then required by Law to be taken by Magistrates in Ireland; and thereupon such Chief Magistrate, so long as he shall continue to hold the said Office, shall, without further Appointment or Commission, have all the Powers of a Justice of the Peace, and be to all Intents and Purposes a Justice of the Peace, in, of and for the County for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed Chief Magistrate, and of and for each and every County adjoining thereto, in such Parts of every such adjoining County as shall be within Seven Miles of such didurbed Didrift.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate shall forthwith repair to the County, DidriA, Barony or Half Barony, for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magistrate, and shall be resident therein, and shall not depart therefrom, without the previous Permission of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, signified to him in Writing by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence, by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, unless in and for the immediate and urgent Execution of the Duty of the said Office of Chief Magistrate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate, while he shall hold the said Office, shall have and receive a Salary of Seven hundred Pounds Sterling by the Year and rateably for any lesser Period in manner herein after mentioned; and shall have a. suitable House, Furnitute and Outhouses, within the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magistrate, and in or adjoining to such House a suitable and proper Office for the Discharge of his Bufiaefs, the same respectively to be paid and provided io manner herein after mentioned; and such House, Out Offices and x Office of Business, to be such as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (haO direct and approve.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Justice of the Peace resident in the County or DidriA for. which such Chief Magistrate shall be so appointed, shall be aiding and affiding in such their Capacity of Justice of the Peace to such Chief Magistrate; and every Justice of the Peace for such County in which such Chief Magistrate shall reside, shall, during such Residence, deliver or caofe to be delivered to such Chief Magistrate, as speedily as the nature of each case shall admit of, aS and every Examination, Information Or IttfcUigcQcei which ha dull take or j^ve, concerning any Offence

10

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 131.1 679

committed or intended to be committed within the County or District for which such Chief Magistrate shall be so appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieut; to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor*

of Ireland for the time being) to appoint, for the Aid and Support chief Magis-

of any such Chief Magistrates, and to remove at his or their Pleasure, tme, and also a

a Clerk, and also a Chief Constable, and any Number of Sub Con- thief ConstabU

(tables, not exceeding Fifty in the whole, or any such lesser Number, ^ou"

as to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor* 4*

for the time being, may seem necessary and proper from time to time, and to order such Arms and Accoutrements to be delivered to such Chief and Sub Constables, and also to order such Horses and Saddles and Bridles for the same, to be purchased and provided for such Chief and Sub Constables, or any of them, as occasion may require, and such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper; and such Chief Constable and Sub Constables of and for the same County or Counties for which such Chief Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall attend such Chief Magistrate, and obey and execute his lawful Warrants, Orders and Commands, and shall not attend

any other Magistrate or Magistrates of any such County, unless by the express Orders of such Chief Magistrate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every such Clerk a Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds Constable, !nd

by the Year and to every such Chief Constable a Salary not exceed- petty Coning One hundred and fifty Pounds by the Year and to every such liable*.

Petty Constable a Salary not exceeding Fifty Pounds by the Year and rateably to each and every of the said Persons for any lesser Period in manner herein after mentioned; and shall have luitable Lodgings provided for them, in case the same shall be thought

necessary, and shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magis- Chief Magistrate shall once in every Week, and oftener if necessary, make a WeeWyiotht Return in Writing, signed by himself, to the Lord Lieutenant, or Lieu-other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, tenant, a State wherein shall be set forth a true and accurate Account of the State of the County of the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed, and of hc

the several Measures taken by him, or with his Knowledge or Privity, a*

for or towards the Preservation or Restoration of Peace and good Order therein, and of the Conduct of the Chief and Sub Constables under his Command, and of all other Persons, so far as the same may contribute or tend to the Restoration or Preservation of Peace and good Order as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Unite and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor* tenant may de-of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of

Ireland, to declare by Proclamation that such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, so pro- reft0red to claimed as aforesaid, is restored to Peace and good Order; and if such Peace and good Declaration of Peace and good Order shall extend to the whole Order. County, or to all such Part and Parts thereof as had been so proclaimed, then and from thenceforth the Office of all and every such Chief Magistrate, Qerk and Chief Constable and Sub Constable

X x 4 therein

4f

Power to the Lord Lieutenant of lessening the Number of Constables appointed.

Proportion of Salaries to Chief Magistrate, Sec, if the County if reduced to Peace within certain Period*.

Salaries and Ei-pences to be defrayed by Presentmenu

Ci3li GEO. III. AJL1S14.

therein fb*ll c^afe and determine; but ifaayPolt flwB fttH rtmim i* a State of Disturbance, then and from thenceforth- every fuckChief Magistrate who has within his District any didurbed Barony or Half Barony, Baronies or Half Baronies, and each and every Clerk, and Chief Constable and Sub Constable tinder his Authority, shall continue to act for such Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, unless it shall be otherwise ordered by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 and every such Chief Magistrate who shall not have any disturbed Barony or Half Baoony within his District, and every Clerk, and Chief and Sub Constable under him, shall forthwith cease- to hold such Office respectively: Provided always, that it shall be larwful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors oi Ireland, to reduce the Number of Constables in any such disturbed District from time to time, as to him or them shall seem fitting or expedient, at any time before such District shall be fully restored to Peace and good Order.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any County, or any Barony or Half Barony, which shall at any time under this Act be proclaimed or declared to be ia a State of Disturbance, shall be restored to Peace and good Order* within any time less than Twelve Calendar Months from the time when the same was so proclaimed or declared in a State of Disturbance, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, within which such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be declared to be restored to Peace and good Order, there shall be allowed and paid to any Chief Magistrate who shall have been appointed in tach Ccranty, Barony or Half Barony, under this Act, any Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds, as and for a Proportion of his yearly Salary on such Occassion; and to any Clerk or Chief Constable fa appointed, any Sum not exceeding Sixty Pounds; and to any other Constable so appointed, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds? and that for any time exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, within which such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be declared to be restored to Peace and good Order, there shall be allowed and paid to such Chief Magistrate any Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and to such Clerk or Chief Constable any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds# and to every such other Constable a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, as to such Lord Lieutenant, or' other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland, shall seem fitting and expedient; and all and every such Sum or Sums shall be raised and paid in manner herein after jaentmoed and provided; and in case such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be restored to Peace and good Order at any time after Sm Calendar Months from the time when the same were so prodnned or declared in a State of Disturbance, then there shall be obtained and paid to such Chief Magistrate, Clerk, Chief Constable and* Com liable* respectively, a proportionate Part of thttr Salaries, cikslad after the whole annual Rate of such Salaries respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the federal Sarnies and tha Proportions thereof, or Allowances heretn-before directed to be paid and givea to such Chief Magistrate, Clerk* Chief Coetobk-and

Co*

A.D. 1&14*

54 GEO^HL

C. 13 n

6 % 1

CooflaWee, and aB Renta and Taxes, and all other Cosh and Charges of the House and Appurtenances to be provided for any such Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, and of purchasing and providing any Horses with their Saddles and Bndles which Occasion may require, or may be found necessary for the said Chief Constable or Constables, and all other reasonable and necessary Coils, Charges and Expences of the said Establishment, shall be borne and defrayed by Presentment in manner following; that is to say, the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, which or any Part of which shall be so proclaimed, shall, at each Assizes or Presenting Term, present all such of the Salaries, Payments, Rents, Taxes, Costs, Charges and Expences aforesaid, as have not been theretofore presented, the same being duly vouched by Affidavit, and it being duly certified by such Chief Magistrate of such proclaimed County, Barony or Half Barony, that such Conilables respectively have faithfully and actively discharged the Duties of their said Office; the said Sums to be raised of such County, if the whole thereof shall be then so proclaimed, and if not, then of the Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Baronies, for which such Chief Magistrate shall have been so appointed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, to issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland all such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall from time to time think necessary, on account of all such Salaries, Coils, Charges and Expences respectively, at such times and in such manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall order and direct; and all Sum9 which shall be levied under any such Presentments as aforesaid, shall by the Treasurer of the County be paid to the Collector of Excise of the District, to be by him4appued in like manner as any other Public Money in his Hands.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Judge or Judges at such Aflize8, or the Court at such Presenting Term, shall not fiat any other Presentment, until the said several Presentments shall have been first granted by the Grand Jury.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if on any Occasion, or in any Court of Law or Equity, Civil or Criminal, any Question shall arise concerning any such Proclamation, or the Appointment or Qualification of any of the said Officers, common Reputation shall be deemed, taken and received as sufficient Evidence of such and every such Matter; unless by contrary Evidence a reasonable Doubt shall be raised as to the Truth of such Reputation.

XV. And be it further enacted, that when and as soon as such County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony ot Di{tn& shall be declared to he reilored to Peace and good Order as aforesaid, all and every the Arms and Accoutrements which Audi have been delivered to such Chief Constable or Sub Conilables, and as shall be then remaining, shall be forthwith delivered to such Personfc and at such Time and Puce, and to be kept and disposed of in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct or appointr and that all Horses, with-their Saddles and BridkAt which may have beta found necessary to be provided for the Chief

Con*

Salaries paid cut of Consolidated Fund.

Presentment* to have Precedence

Where Doubt* aiife on Proclamation, coo*-roon Reputation Evidence.

When!

and good Ordor restored. Arm#, See. delivered up.

682

C. iji.

j4b GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Constables not delivering up Arms to Persons deputed to receive them.

[Penalty.]

170.3. (1.)

c. 40.

3* G.3< c. 16.

0)

Grand Juries may appoint Con(l.tbles, notwithstanding Counties are divided into Districts.

Constables to act when Counties ceal'e to be tlivided into Districts.

Constable or Sub Constables, ftwll be sold 1it fudh Time and Place as the Lord Lieutenant of Inland far the time being shall direct, and the Produce thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County to be applied to the County Charge.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so appointed a Constable as aforesaid, shall not, within One Week after he mall cease to hold such Office, deliver over any Arms and Accoutrements to his Successor in the said Office, if such there shall be, and if not, then to such Person, and at such Time and Place, as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, every such Person so offending shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Irtfh Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, by any Person who shall sue for the same.

XVII. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the tetter Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, which has been since continued (n) and 16 now in force until the Twenty fifth Day of MarchOne thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and divers Counties in

Ireland have been divided into Districts, pursuant to the Provisions of said Act: And Whereas by an Act passed in the said Parliment of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Office of Constable^ and for better enforcing the Process of the Criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom, Grand Jurors in Ireland are empowered to appoint Coo(tables for the several Baronies in their respective Counties in manner

therein mentioned, but are not empowered to make such Appointment in any County divided into Districts as aforesaid, under the Powers of the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, such Counties being in that respect excepted in the said Act of the said Thirty second Year, by reason whereof there may happen to be a Failure of Constables in such Counties; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland* whose County is or shall be so divided into Districts as aforesaid, to appoint Constables for the several Baronies therein, notwithstanding such Division into Districts, in the same manner in all respects as such Grand Jury could do under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the said Thirty second Year, if such Division into Districts did not exist, and not otherwise. la) [See r. 33. ante, "]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Constables so to be appointed, shall commence to be Constables when and as soon as such County shall cease to be so divided into Districts, for the Purpose ra the said recited Act of the said Twenty seventh Year mentioned, whether the same shall happen by the Repeal or Expiration of the said Act or otherwise, and not sooner; and that from and after the time such Constable so appointed, shall have all the Powers and Advantages, and be subject to all the Regulations and RestrictioDS, in the said Act of the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign contained and expressed, and shall to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken as and for Constables appointed under and pursuant to the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithfbmdin

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 131. 683

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Quarter Seffor any Five Justices of the Peace for any County, County of a City Sons to appoint or County of a Town in Ireland, at any General Quarter Sessions orx: ra Constables. General Sessions of the Peace regularly and duly assembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of fit and proper Persons to act as Constables in and for such County, or County of a City or Town, in addition to any other Constables appointed by Law; and such Persons so to be appointed Constables at such Quarter Sessions or General Sessions shall then and there take such Oath as is required from Constables in other cases, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities as Constables in other cases have by Law, but shall not receive or be allowed any Salary whatever; and the Power of such Persons as Constables shall continue only for Twelve Calendar Months, unless they shall be re-appointed or continued at some ensuing General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, in which case the Power of such Constables shall continue for a further Term of Twelve Calendar Months s Provided always, that in case of such Re-appointment it provifa shall not be necessary for any such Constable to be refworn unless the Magistrates then present shall so order and direct: Provided also, that any such Constable or Constables may at any time be removed at any General Quarter Session or General Sessions after such Appointment or Re-appointment as aforesaid.

XX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of /re- 36 0.3. (I.)

land in the Thirty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled c.aj. 1.5.

An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice*

and far the recovering of Small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act* intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large; the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland* is authorized to divide the several Counties in Ireland (except the County of Dublin) into Two Divisions, for the Purpose of hearing and determining of Civil Bills only, without regard to, or affecting such Districts, as the said Counties, or any of them, may be divided into, for the Purposes of the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and also to nominate and appoint One or more Town or Towns in each of the said Divisions respectively, in one of which Towns a Civil Bill Court should be held Four times in every Year, at some General Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof; and also to appoint proper and convenient Towns in every such County, at which such Sessions and Adjournments as aforesaid should be respectively holden 5 and Doubts have been entertained whether, after any County shall have been so divided, or any Town or Towns so appointed for the sevend Purposes iaft aforesaid respectively, such Division or Apointment can or may be changed or altered Be it therefore en- Distria* acted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieut changed by tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with Lord Lieu" the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, from time to time, when- lenmat* ever he or they Hull think proper so to do, to change, filter or annul

684

A.D. 1814.

So much of 47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c. 18. Sch. A. as imposes a Duty on Houses under Annual Value of 10I. repealed.

Corn Acres, &c. uot included in Value of House.

C131, 13a, 133. 54 GEO. III.

any such Division, heretofore made or hereafter to be made, of any County in Ireland, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and to fubfbtute and appoint any new or other Division thereof into Two Parts, for the Purposes in the said recited Act in that respect mentioned; and also to change or annul the Appointment of any Town or Towns in auy County or Division, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and to appoint such other Town or Towns in lieu thereof, as to him or them shall seem proper; and that any such Change or Alteration which may have taken place at any time before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes.

[5>* c. 108. 32.post.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act to repeal the Duty payable in Ireland on certain Houses or Tenements under the annual Value of Ten Pounds.

[23th Jtdy814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty herein after mentioned should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Exctfe, Taxes and Drawbacks, and of any Schedule to the said Act annexed, as imposes any Duty for, upon or out of any Tenement or Dwelling House not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Fire Hearths, and which shall be worth the Yearly Rent of Four Pounds or upwards, and the Yearly Rent or Value of which shall be less than Ten Pounds, or the Person occupying whereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling House, or for the same and any Outhouses, Gardens or Appurtenances, or for the same and any Land occupied by such Person any Yearly Rent less than Ten Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the nature of Com Acres, and for Grazing, shall not be deemed or considered Rents, or included in the V2ue of the Land occupied by any Person together with any such Tenement or Dwelling House;

Cap. caaami.

An Act for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Infutance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto.

[25th July 1814.]

inf WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the existing ProvisioUt

and make others for the Allowance of spoiled Stamps oU*

Policies of Infutance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds

relating

A.D. 1814.

{4" GEO. III.

C ijj* 685

relating the reto: r "May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing

of this Act, all the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirty 35 G. 3. c. 6.

fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to 8-

His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, and in any sub- ^9 & 40 G. 3.

sequent Act or Acts for the Allowance and Exchange of Stamps on repealed"

Policies of Insurance in Great Britain, as being spoiled or milused,

shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful Allowance made for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled or misused, n following and to cancel Stamps on Policies of Insurance in Great Britain cale8: in the following cases, and upon the following Terms and Conditions only; that is to say

First, Where a Policy shall be inadvertently filled up in an incorrect Where or improper manner, or be obliterated or otherwise spoiled and ren- P^j!cy dered unfit for Use, or shall be filled up for some Insurance which undwwritie^ shall not be proceeded in, and the same shall not be signed by any Underwriter, provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or after such Policy shall be spoiled or become useless:

Secondly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, but not to the 2. Where full Amount of the Sum which the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, Phcy is under and another Policy shall be produced underwritten in lieu thereof, to^uHMtent1^ by the same Persons, to the lame Amount, on the same Property or stamp Duty. Interest, and for the same Risk in all respects, provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the last Subscription on the First Policy:

Thirdly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and there shall 3. WheredErcor afterwards be found any Error or Mistake therein, so that the In- or Mistake in furance intended shall not be thereby effected, and another Policy shall ^ohcy. be produced underwritten in lieu thereof by the same Persons, in which the Error or Mistake shall be rectified, provided the Underwriters shall sign a Declaration that the Insurance made by the First Policy is cancelled, and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided satisfactory Proof shall be given of the Error or Mistake, and that the new Policy shall be underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Rjfk first insured, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the lad Subscription on the First Policy

Fourthly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and the Terms 4. Where and Conditions of the Insurance shall afterwards be agreed to be Term* and Gin-altered and another Policy ftiaU be produced underwritten in lieu thereof, by the same Persons, to the same Amount, on the same Pro- ^streCre(J perty or Interest, and with such Alteration in the Terms and Conditions of the Insurance as may have been agreed upon; provided the Underwriters shall sign a Declaration that the Insurance made by the First Policy is cancelled, and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided the new Policy shall be underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Ri(k originally insured, and the thing insured shall remain the Property of the same Person or Persons, and

provided

686

5- Where Policy is underwritten subject to Approbation and tiiUpproved.

6. Where after Insurance made, there turns out to be No Rifle or No Inter eft.

Allowance when applied for.

In foregoing cases other Stamps given in lieu of those allowed.

id, 3d and 4th cases provided for.

0.133. 543 CEO. IIL A.D. 1814.

provided Application shall be made for the AOowance within Six Calendar Months after the pacing of this Act, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the last Subscription on the First Policy:

Fifthly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and the Infuraaee shall be made subject to the Approbation of the Insured, and such Condition shall be expressed in the Policy, and the Insured shall signify his or their Disapprobation thereof within the time to be prefer ribed for that Purpose in and by the Policy, provided all the Underwriters on such Policy (except such as may be deceased, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of the Realm) (hiH sign a Declaration that the Insurance is cancelled and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the ptflbg of this Act, or Three Calendar Months after the time so prescribed for Disapprobation

Sixthly, Where Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Ships, or upon any Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Ships, or upon any other Is-terest in or relating to any Ship or Ships, for a particular Voyage, and the Ship or Ships shall not proceed at all upon the Voyage specified, or mall not proceed thereon at or within the time specifkd, if any, and also where Insurance shall be made upon Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or upon any Interest m or relating to any Ship or Ships, for or upon a particular Voyage, and the Goods or Property intended to be insured shall not be shipped at all, or not within the time specified, or not on boartl the Skip or Ships named or described, or it shall turn out that the Insured had not the Interest intended to be insured; provided in all these cases, that all the Underwriters (except such as maybe decoded, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of tke Realm) shall (ign a Declaration that the Insurance is cancelled, tod the Premium returned for some or one of the Reasons here spedfed, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or Three Calendar Months after the Insured, if in Great Britain, or his or their Broker or Agent, if the Insured be out of Great Britain$ shall know tke Fasts upon which the Allowance is hereby authorized to be made; but no Allowance of the Duty shall be made in any of these cases, if the Underwriters shall have ran any Risk whatever under the Pokey brought for Allowance, unless another Policy shall be produced, whereby the same Property or Interest shall be insured to the tee Amount for or upon some other Voyage, or for or upon the tee Voyage to be performed at some other time:

And upon the Allowance of any Stamps or Policies of Infuriate as spoiled or misused in the several cases aforesaid, the Commifiooeri of Stamps shall give the Party delivering up such Policies to be cancelled, other Paucy Stamps of the same Amount or Value hi ties thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in the Second, Third or Fourth case, hereinbefore provided for, some osiy of the Underwriters on the Policy brought for Allowance, fluH btw underwritten another Policy in neu thereof, it shaft neverthdeft be lawful for the Cud Commissioners to make such Allowance as tte* laid, for the Amount of the Stamp Duty onthr FM Policy, except

687

A.D. 18*4. J48 GEO. III. C 133*

so much thmof as shall be dne far of in respell of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the Second Policy; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that any legal Proceedings are intended to be instituted by or on behalf of the Insured, in respect of any Sum or Sums underwritten on the First Policy, and not transferred to the Second, which may require the Production of the First Policy, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cancel and expunge the Stamp thereon, and to substitute another Stamp for demoting only the Duty payable in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred as aforesaid, and thereupon to redeliver the same to the Insured or his or their Broker or Agent.

III. Provided also, and be it fumier enacted, That if in the case of a Policy being underwritten, but not to the full Amount of the Sum, which the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, it shall be found inconvenient to get another Policy underwritten in lieu thereof, and the same shall be brought to the said Commissioners within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this A Cl, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the latt Subscription thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cancel and expunge the Stamp on such Policy, and to substitute another Stamp for denoting only the Duty, payable in respect of the Sum or Sums underwritten thereon, and to give another Policy Stamp or Stamps of an Amount or Value equal to the Difference between the Stamp cancelled and the Stamp substituted for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where Insurance shall be made on any Ship or Ships, or on Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or on the Freight of of other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Ships, and the Sum insured on the Account of any One Person, or on the joint Account of Two or more Persons, shall be found to exceed the Value of his, her or their Property or Interest, by the Sum of One thousand Pounds, where the Duty shall be at the Rate of One Shilling and Three pence per Qentumt or by the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, where the Duty shall be at the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Centum, or above, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to make an Allowance for so much of the Stamp Duty on the Policy whereby such Insurance shall be made, as shall exceed the Duty payable in respect of the Value of the Property or Interest on which the Ri(k shall have attached on the Policy being delivered up to be cancelled, and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Value of such Property or Interest, and provided all the Underwriters (except such as may be deceased, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of the Realm) shall sign a Declaration that the Premium is returned on account of short Interest, in respect of their several Proportions of the Excess of the Sum insured beyond the Value of such Property or Interest, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Acts or Three Calendar Months after the Value of such Interest or Property shall be known to the Insured, if in Great Britain, or to his or their Broker or Agent, if out of Great Britain; and the said Commissioners shall deliver other Policy Stamps for the Amount of the Duty so to be allowed as last mentioned; but no such Allowance shall be made on account of short Interest in any case where the Property or Interest insured shall be expressly valued at the Sum insured

thereon,

Case of a Policy underwritten, but not to full extent ot Stamp Duty provided for.

7. Allowance made of Proportion of Stan\p Duty, in cases of thort Intere

No Allowance if Policy underwritten beyond Duty.

t. Allowance made for Sumps on Policies, underwritten beyond Duty, in certain cases and on certain Conditions.

Underwriters to sign Returns of Premium, with Surnames at length.

[Penalty.]

C.

54* GSO.UJ.

A.D. tStif.

thereon, in and by thf Policy whereby 4tk* Infefttwc <talt

made. .#.: j

V. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no such Allowance as aforesaid shall be*made in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned, if the Policy brought for Allowance shall appear tobejuK derwritten to a greater Amount thaft the Stamp Duty thereon wil_ cover.*", 'u

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful; for the said Commissionera to make such Allowance as afore Cud, where a Policy shall be underwritten to a greater Amount than lie Stamp Duty thereon will cover, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the puffing of this Act, provided the same shall be proved to have been done inadvertently, and provided another Policy duly stamped shall be underwritten in lieu thereof, by the same Persons, "to the same Amount, on the same Property or late rest; ..and fot# the same Risk in all respects, within Three Days afterwards, and Ap., plication shall be made for the Allowance within Seven Office Day*, after the Date of the last Subscription on the Policy on which too^ much shall have been underwritten; and in case only some of tkj Underwriters can be procured to underwrite another Policy in Be it* thereof, within the time hereby limited, it shall be lawful for the fcid^Commissioners to make such Allowance as aforesaid, for the Amontt of the Stamp Puty on the Pirft Policy, except so much thereofshall be due for or in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the Policy underwritten in lieu thereof (provided Application b rntde^ within the said Seven Days), and to cancel and expunge the Starip^ thereon, and to substitute another Stamp, for denoting ply the Tfcty^ payable in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred, as aforesaid, and thereupon to redeliver the same to the Insured, or 1ms Broker or Agent: And if it shall be deemed inconvenient to get another Policy underwritten in lieu of any Policy whidh-fliatt 1# an-l derwrkten to a greater Amount than the StampPnty

cover, and the same shall be brought to the said Commissioners wi$k.r Three Office Days after the Date of the*laf)t Sobfcnotiofr ihoreoft*and the proper Duty shall be then paid so resptlEt the Sura Sums underwritten beyond what shall be covered by the Stamp PutyV thereon* it shall be lawful for the said Commissionera to put an^tional Stamp on such PoKcy, for denoting the puty then to be pa&k which additional Stamp shall render the same valid: and wheft any Policy shall have been underwritten to a greater Amount than Stamp Duty thereon wHil cover* at any time before thejpaffing (f this Act, or within Six Calendar Months afterwardsrit (halfb^JawfU -for the said Commissioners to make such Allowance in respect there-'of, as they are authorised to make in such cases by anjr Act or Aftf now in force. r,

VII. And be it further enacted, That no fycV AKowahft 'of? Stamp Duty as aforesaid shall be made, so any $afe> where it u td depend on the Condition of the Underwriters ngning a prclirftiW of the Return of Premium, unless the Underwriters shall sign fetch Declaration with their Surnames at length* and not with their Iwtiab only as heretofore accustomed; and it any Underwriter shall agree to return the Premium on aay Policy bf Inference, and shall renrie to sign such Declaration in the manner hereby rt^tdred, he ftaH, for every such Offence* forfeit, the Suln of JFtfty P&uhds, to bepdfl

16 IP

68p

A.D. 1814.

\S4 GEO. III. C. 133.

to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Allowance of Allowance* Stamp Duty, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall depend on the Con- made, though dition of the Underwriters signing a Declaration of the Return cf Part of Pre-Premium, it shall be sufficient if the Declaration shall certify the^ta'ned Return of the same, with an Exception of One Shilling in the Pound ^Trouble*5* or Guinea, for the Broker's Commission, and of any further Sum not exceeding One Half per Centum en the Sum insured, which may be

agreed to be retained in Consideration only of the Trouble given to the Underwriters, and not of any Ri(k actually incurred by them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Underwriter shall Underwriters knowingly and wilfully sign any false Declaration of the Grounds inning fclfe on which the Premium on any Policy of Insurance, or any Part Declaration of thereof, shall be returned, or any false Declaration of the Quantity

of Premium returned, in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned 5 he fall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or Forging, Sec. or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or altering, &c. De. willingly aid or alii ft in the forging or counterfeiting of the Name claration of Re-or Hand Writing of any Underwriter on any Policy of Insurance, r-

Id any Declaration of any Return of the Premium on such Policy or tty Part thereof, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause or procure to he altered, or aid or assist in altering any such Declaration, after the lame shall have been signed by any Underwriter, or shall utter or make use of any such Declaration, knowing the same to have been fraudulently altered, or the Name or Handwriting of any Underwriter to have been forged or counterfeited thereon, for the Purpose of obtaining any such Allowance as aforesaid, and with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; every Person so FirftOffence, offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties; and for the Second Offence. Second and every other Offence mall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years to Parts beyond the Seas.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioaen

CommifioacxB of Stamps to make such Rules and Regulations, and of Stamps may to require Affidavits or solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers* Rgola-

of all such Fa&s and Circumstances, in regard to the Allowance of*

{boiled or misused Stamps, in the several cases provided for by this ^written Do* Act* as they shall in their Discretion judge necessary or expedient, for cuments in Sup* the Purpose of preventing Frauds and Evasions; such Affidavits or poet of Claim*. Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners, or any One or

more of them, or before any Person authorized by them or the major Part of them in that behalf, or before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, in England* or before any Person auly commit-J fioned to take Affidavit* by the Court of Session, or the Coi^rt of Exchequer in Scotland who are hereby respectively authorized to take the same and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that 54 Gxo. III. Y y Pmrpose*

<5, i

0.133^134, 54 GEO. III. AJ>. 1I14.

tnd may authorize Officer* to receive and examine Claims, at?.

perjury.

Purport; and it (Kail also be lawful for the said Cortinfaffioner* of Stamps to call for such written Documents and other Evidence as shall appear to them to be necessary for substantiating the Claims which shall be made for any such Allowances as aforesaid.

XII. And, for facilitating such Allowances, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, or the major part of them, to authorize any of their Officers to receive and examine the Claims made for such Allowances, and to take Affidavits and Affirmations relating the reto* and to administer the proper Oaths or Affirmations for that Purpose, and to do all or any other Act or Acts respecting such Claims, which the said Commissiociers them selves are hereby authorized to do*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wH* fully make a false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified or set forth, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall hie subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons coo-rifted of wilful and corrupt Fetjury are subject and liable to.

&* r. 144. f 10,

C. 3.C. 155-

i3-

i 30.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January <!)ne thousand eight hundred and Gxteen, and to amend several Acts for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Placet within the Limits of the Charter of die East India Company, in Ships not of British Built\ and for the better Maintenance and Care of Lascars and other Asiatic Seamen arriving in this Kingdom.

[ajth July 1814]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further time the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for tfinblishing 4further Regulationt for the Government of the said Territories* ami the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulaU 4 ing the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter: And Whereas the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Goods from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company in Ships not of Brhish Built, nor rendered as such, and of another Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to

such Ships, were continued by the said recited Act of the lad ' Session of Parliament, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, unless any Provision was made relating < thereto in the present Session of Parliament; and His Majesty was

by the said recited Act authorized, by any Order or Ordm in Council, to authorize any of his Subjects to import from the

*. Indtes, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, into the United Kingdom, and to export fiatt tfc c. United Kingdom into the East Indies, or Places within such Littt4'in such Ships, under such ReguktioQs as His MaytAv JbeuM Aiah

fit:

A.D. tSr'4. 54 GEO. III. Ck.134. 6pi

firr Add Whrreas another Act was made in this Session of Parlia- c. 35. ante.

itoetot, intituled An Act to extend the Period for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the

Charter of the East India Company in Ships not of British Bjiilt,

until the Ptrjl Day of January One thousand eight hundred and % fifteen: And Whereas it is expedient that such Provisions should r be further continued, and the said Act9 amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-toons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Provisions, Regulations, Conditions and Re- Regulations flriftions contained in the said Acts, or in any Order or Orders of ,: Kd Council now in force, or which may be issued by His Majesty, under

the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in relation to rehtion to al-the allowing of the Importation into the United Kingdom from the lowing of Im-East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the portation, &c. (rid Company, orr the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the to or, !: on27E^1 East Indies, or any Ports or Places within such Limits, of any thercinde* Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the said Company, or by any of bribed, con-His Majesty's Subjects in any such Ships or Vessels as are in the said turned.

Acts or Orders in Council described, shall be and the same are hereby continued in full Force and Efle& until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall extend ajid be applied to all such Ships and VefiUs which shall fail from any Port Or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company before tile said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixtedt.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel having $0 vessel on board any Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives of any Territories, having on board Countries, Islands or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Asiatic Sailor*, said Company, shall, from and after the First Day of January One fi^Bond thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be allowed to clear out from any given for*Sup? Port or Place in any Territory, Country or Island under the Go- port of fuchr vernfnent of the East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty Persons. within the Limits aforesaid, upon any Voyage to the United Kiugdora of Ore at Britain or Ireland, or to any Port or Place beyond the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or shall, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be admitted to Entry in any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, unless and until the Owner, or Captain Or Master of such Ship shall have first given Security by Bond to such Person or Persons, and in such Sum and Form as shall be specified ih any Regulations made in that behalf by the Directors of the East India Company* with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Indian that all such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives aforesaid shall be duly supplied wkh Provisions and Clothing, and other necessary Accommodation, while employed and while absent from the Countries or Places to which they respectively belong, ard until they shall be carried back to India, or any other Coiuitry dr Place from whence they were respectively brought, and for the Conveyance hack of such Afiatk Sailors, Lascars and hfativts aforesaid, within reafommble time to be sperifred n such Bond, or ascertakiCd By Tuck Rules mnd Regulations; and every such Bond, executed By {heM^Ur ox^ Captain of any such Ship we Vessel, or by any one ot

Yy a the

by

C. 134*35* 54 GEO. JU. A.JXjfcy

Asiatic Sailor*, fee. found in Distrets, taken Care of by E. I. Company, at Expence of Owfceve.

DtVt to Com-

Colli.

the Owners thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to be the Joint sod several Bond of all and each of the Owners of the Ships for which such Bond shall be given, and may be stated in {heading as such, and shall bind all and each of such Owners jointly and several ty ad ff tW same had been duly executed by all and 6acn of the Owners pt so Ship or Vessel.

III. And be it further eroded, That if any Asiatic Sailors, Lafcaa or Natives of any Territories, Countries, Islands or Places within tie Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, having been brought to the United Kingdom on board any Ship or Vessel not being a Ship of War in the Service of His Majesty, shall, from agjl after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be found within the United Kingdom in Distress, for want of tots), Clothing or other Necessaries, it shall be lawful for the said United Company to supply necessary and reasonable Relief to such Personi, and to maintain them until they shall be sent on board same Ship Tiound for some Place within the Limits aforesaid; and all such Sums as the said Company shall pay for or on account of such Relief jjr Maintenance, shall constitute and become a Debt due to the said Company from the Owner or Owners of such Ship on bpard whereof such Person or Persons shall have been brought into the said United Kingdom, and shall be recoverable as so much Money paid to ajd for die Use of such Owner or Owners, in any of the Courts of the said United Kingdom, or in the East Indict, if the Owners shall reside there, in which Actions or Suits for the Recovery of Debts may be sudd or prosecuted; and in all such Actions and Suits where the fad Company shall recover, they shall be entitled to receive full of Suit.

Cap. cxxxv. rV

An Act to further explain and amend an Act of the Fish* Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repeating Parts of ferend Acts, relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in ItAand,

j>5d rtf*}

51 G. 3. c. 40.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty first Year f the

*W Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amtadisM ' of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rtptafag certain Parts of several Acts relating to the Number of Perform

be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland, it was, amoagft afo

J things, enacted, That any Clauses or Provisions costairted the

laid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's RdWl

(whereby the Limitation of Pafieneers to be eonveyed by 8tafc Coaches, or the additional Tolls or Penalties relating toCauhgn conveying Persons for Hire, were repealed) should opt extndt*

A be construed to extend to the Turnpike Roads leading firpm it City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, and from ]$*+* fr Lshred, or either of them; nor to repeal or alter any of the Pnmfioooo Clauses or Regulations, contained in several Acts of the Parimnest

of Ireland* of the Thirty third. Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth < Years of the Reign of nk present Majesty, redted in the mid AA

of the fifty first Year, or either of them, with regard to Stage

1$

ADr.ijj^. 54* Gfe6. III. C. 135.

- c, -

Coaches or other Carriages carrying Passengers Tor Hire on the said f Roads or either of them: And Whereas additional Tolls relating to Carnages conveying Persons for Hire upon the Road leadingv

from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork, having been granted,

Limited and secured in and by the said Act of the Thirty eighth G 3 ^y

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and further secured by an Act c. 83.

f made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it 39 0.3. (I.)

is just and reasonable that Provision should be made respecting such J*.

additional Tolls upon Carnages conveying Persons for Hire on the said last mentioned Road Be it therefore enacted by The King's ^loft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the JLords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Toll* taken on and after, the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and from KH for all and every Person and Persons, in whom the Tolls are veiled Mouit-tinder the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign " to Coc*

'of His present Majesty, their and each and every of their Executors,

Administrators and A Signs, to have, demand, receive and take upon ^tjbe said Road leading from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork, f within the Limits for that Purpose specified by the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and during the Continuance of the said Act, by such Person or Persons as they Ml authorize thereto, such Tolls and in such cases respectively, as by the Cud hft recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present tty's Reign, they are authorized and empowered to have, demand* receive, and take; except only the additional Toll or Penalty in the Additional Toll said Act mentioned, of Five Shillings and Five Pence for every StaS

Horse or other Beast drawing any Stage Coach or other Carriage ex"

plying for Hire, or conveying Persons for Hire, which shall convey* at any one time upon any Part of the said Road more than Six tFtiibafe withmfide* or more than Four Persons beside the Driver upon 1 t the: 0>iHjidte trf ftny such Coach or other Carriage; any thing in the

: .9f th^ Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to the

5 contrary therpof in any wise notwithstanding.

- II*. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Tolls uodeo of this Act, such and the like Tolls as, under the said hereinbefore 39-3* 00 -rocked Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's f'*2*

f -^Et*igar tottld or might be demanded, raised, levied and taken, before jdW7rom

k ^sbepafirtg'of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign KUwwthMoun*

tof His present Majesty, upon the Road leading from Kilworth tain to Cork, in

'Mountain to the City of Cork, except only the said additional Toll

t Penalty of Five Shillings and Five Pence, shall and may be "

from time to time demanded, raised, levied and taken, in 5* '

ftseh manner, and under such Rules and Regulations in all respects, f: by tke said recked Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's *Reign are specially enacted and provided; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty'

f Reign to the contrary not wit hftan ding.

C, i36*

54* CEO.'IU.

A.D. (St4

ii> G. 3, c^joi.

7-

10. 5 16.

28 G. 3. c. 25.

11.

3.

i*.

apG.3. c. 5a.

*r.

 4*

38 G. 3. c. hrii.

 i.

46 G 3. c. 13 a.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act for enabling the Coraroissioners of the Northern Lighthouses to purchase the Island and Light of Map at the Entrance of the Frith of Forth; for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money towards that Purpose; and for amending fieveral Acts in regard to the Northern Lighthouses.

[25 th July 1814.]

\XJ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereSing certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, Commissioners were named for putting the said Act into Execution,

and for erecting Four Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain } and certain Duties were thereby granted, for answering

the Expences of making and maintaining the Works by the said Act authorized to be made 5 and the Commissioners were erapowered to borrow' Money on the Credit of the Duties; and if

any Surplus should remain after the necessary Expenditure to be incurred in carrying the said Act into Execution, the same was directed, once in every Year, to be vetted in some one or other of the Public Funds, until the yearly Interest of the same should amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said Lighthouses: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 AS to render more effectual an Act pciffed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ere Sing certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to levy certain additional Duties, to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to levy the Duties as soon at Two of the said Lighthouses should be lighted: And Whereas 4*by another Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for ere Sing certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to erect Two (/*) additional Lighthouses; and were likewise empowered to cause such other Lighthouses to be erected on other Parts of the Coast of Great Britain as they should deem necessary,

whenever the Produce of the Duties should enable them so to do:

And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for ereSing certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were in*

corporated, for the better carrying the several Acts into Execution, and made One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name 4* of* The Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses i, f And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for eretfing a Light*

house on the Bell or Cape Rock on the Eqftern Coq/l of Scotland, and

(a) [The Words of 29 G. 3. r.52. are u a Lighthoofe in a convenient Situation upon the South End of the Island of Amm> or upon the Island of Plada near the same."!

for

A*IXr$i4. 54 050* fll. C.f3 6. q$

for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain

Sum of Monty out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain towards

that Purpose, Authority was given to the said Commissioners to *'

erect the said Lighthouse, and to levy certain additional Rates and 1 Duties for the Support of the same; And Whereas in virtue of tht 4' Powers given by the said several before recited Acts, the said Commissioners have erected the following Lighthouses, namely. One on Kennatr&s Head m Aberdeert/hire; a Second on North Roualdjbay>

in Orkney, now converted into a Beacon; a Third on the Point of

Scaifa, One of the Harries Isles; a Fourth on the Mull of Cantyre; a Fifth on the Island of Pladda, near Arran; a Sixth and Seventh on the Pentland Skerries, in Orkney; an Eighth on the Island of Inchkeitbi in the Frith of Forth; a Ninth on the Start Point of Sandy, in Orkney; and a Tenth on the Cape or Bell Rock: And Whereas the said Commissioners have entered into Agreement an Agreement for the Purchase, upon certain Terms and Conditions, ^ltl' D!, ke from their Graces William Henry Cavendjfh Bentinek Scott Duke or

of Portland, and Henrietta Scott Duchess of Portland\ of the Island Purchase of of May, situated in the Frith of Forth, with the Lights and Light- Island of May. 4 house and other Hopfes built upon the same, with the Privilege of levying certain Duties upon all Vessels entering or failing from any Port or Place between the Castle of Duuottar, and the Promontory called Saint Abbe's Heady on the Eastern Coast of Scotland'/

and other Privileges and Pertinents to the said Island belonging or appertaining: And Whereas, although the Shipping and Commtreial Interest of the United Kingdom have derived great Benefit from the Ten before mentioned Lighthouses, erected and maintained by the said Commissioners in virtue of the Powers of the several before recited Acts, yet several additional Lighthouses are much wanted for the Protection of the Coast of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, particularly One upon the Shores of Galloway, at the Entrance of the Frith of Clyde and Irish Channel;

a Second upon the dangerous sunken Rocks of Skeriyore, near the Islands of Tiree and Mull, in Argyleshire, in the diredfc Track of Vessels coalting along the Western Coast of Scotland, and aMb 4 dangerous to Ships making the Western Shores of Scotland and Ireland, from the Atlantic Ocean; a Third upon Cape Wrath, kv Sutherland {hire; a Fourth and Fifth in the Islands of Shetland, for the Protection of the Fisheries, and of Ships bound for the higher Latitudes; and a Sixth upon Tarbetness, in Cromartyshire, to open the Murray Frith and Cromarty Bay, as a Rendezvous for Shipping in Storms from the Eastward: And Whereas it would

be of great Benefit to the Public if Powers were given to the said Commissioners to complete the said Purchase of the said Island and Light of May, and in lieu of a Coal Light, at present*maintained On the said Istand, to exhibit and maintain an Oil Light, or such other improved Light as they shall find expedient; and likewise to erect and maintain additional Lighthouses; and also, if further Powers were given to the said Commissioners, and further Regulations were mads, for the Collection and Application of the whole Duties payable in respect of the Northern LighthousesBbt as these Purpose* cannot be accomplifived without the Aid and Authority of Parliament j May it therefore please Your Majesty that it. maf be enacted j and be it enacted by The Kind's Most Excellent

Y Majesty,

r

Power to Pur-ch-fe Island and Light of May.

4.9.1814.

Light eo Mb if

MaV'divNd*-

Additional

Lighthoutei.

Amount of Duties to be levied.

Majesty, by and with th* Adviceand Consent of the Lprfa to<J Twnpofali "and Commons* In this. prefc^t Jforljap#t fJfemblwk and by the Authority of the same, Thai it (tyatyapd ay jmd for the said Commissioners t)F the Northern a$d they

*re-hereby authorised and empowered* tb; treaty $Qui&& a&d*git$ With their Graces William Henry Cavindish Bn^'wcjt Seat*', D&keef Portland* and Henrietta Scott Duchess of Portlandand their Heir* and Successors, for the absolute Purdxife of the Island of'JIfau situated in the Frith of Forth, with the Lights and Lighthoiistand other Houses built upon the Came, and the*Privilege of levying Lighthouse Duties upon all Vessds entering or fading* from any Pbrt or Place on the East Coast of Scotland, between the Castle of l)ukottdr. on the North, and the Promontory called Saint Mbps Head on the South, together with all and every the other Privileges and Pertinent* to the said liland belonging and appertaining; and to pay to thfc said Duke and Duchess of Portland, or their Heirs and Successdbi the Price that may be agreed upon* for the same, or tb grant Security for the Whole or any Part of such Price, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think, fit; and such Light on the I ftahd of Mty shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be Held and taken'to. be one of the Northern Lighthouses.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the FaT Commissioners, in dead of the Coal Light, to exhibit-and maintain 0^ the said Island an Oil Light, or such other improved Light'a^t tfet1 shall find expedient 5 and also to ered and maintain such ad'drtkjral Lighthouses upon such other Parts of the Coast andr Island, af* Scotland as they shall deem necessary. -tJ*f

III. And be it enacted, That, mom and after the* paflW of Ad, the Duties heretofore levied in respect of the Light online ffland*of May shall cease and determine; and tn fitih thereof, enable the said Commissioners to pay the Priic tif flic Light, and Island of May, and to maintain a proper Light there, ^nd 5ft to tred and maintain additional Lighthouses as before 'hiehfibued, and otherwise to provide for the keeping in Repair and maintaftiint; the whole Lighthouses under their Charge, it shall and may be laTvfm.^ to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Peribna astheyfcall appoint, from and after the passing of this Act, to demand, eolltcV, receive and take, from all and every the Masters and Owners of everf Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Greed JSritoinwl Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall fail to or from;: any Port or Place on the East Coast of Scotland, between the -of Dunottar on the North, and Saint Abbe* Head on the Scnrtly both inclusive, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be loaded or in ballad, or Outward or Homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage " or Jailing Coast wife 5 and also for every such Ship or Vessel as afb^' said, which shall fail within a Line drawn from the CaftJe of 2)*- nottar on the North, to Saint Abbe's Head on the South, both inch- -^five, a Sum not exceeding One Penny for every Ton of such Ship or; Vessel; E\

And for every Foreign Ship and decked Vessel failing as afpreffid -4f Shm not exceeding Two pence for every Ton thereof-0* i' And ior eVeriy Snip or decked! Vessel of the, tJniud ..ff

Cnat Britain and Ireland, navigated according: to La^ liable-In

f r.-a rin ' :" ' Payment

sfdto. in.

C. 136.

<97

ftM&flW t6 the CtinTrYiiffloners of Northern Lighthouses, dot failing WftbbV ffee trforefiiidLimits, a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny For &&Y Ton of such Ship or Vessel:

VAmi w ^Morfeigtr STiiji or decked Vessel, liable in Payment of

Duties flf atbrmiti, not failing within the aforesaid Limits, a Sum not exceeding One ^Penny for every Ton thereof:

XII such Duties to be in Addition to, and over and above the other duties granted and payable to the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any of them.

IV., provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties hereby granted, any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, hU Jicirs^or Successors, or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Revenue;, or any Ship or Vessel by the said recited Act of the Twenty fixtlvY^ar of the Reign of His present Majesty exempted fi; onx the Payment of the Duties thereby granted 5 or any Ship or Vessel failing from one Port to another West ward of Queensferry in tfoeFrith of Forth, or from one Port to another in the Frith of Tay. V*. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to levy the Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act granted, be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power to collect, ill ad the pom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Duties by the before recited Acts and by this Act granted; and to appoint Collectors in f*cjb pprts for that Purpose accordingly, and at their Pleasure to r^jnoote such Collectors, and appoint others in their Places.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Collectors or Colledcy* of, the aforesaid Duties already appointed by the said Commis-

Spere* shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, and ai^o[( every the Collectors or Collector of the aforesaid Duties to be hereafter appointed, shall eater into Bonds to His Majesty, with fucht good uud fuScient Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners shall require, binding, them and their Sureties, jointly and severally, for theif due and faithful Performance, in every respect, of all the Duties of Collectors of the aforesaid Duties, and for duly paying to the said Commissioners, or to their Cashier for the time being, at uich times afyer the Receipt thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct to be inserted in the said Bonds, all such Sums of Money as shall from time to time be collected by or paid to them for or on account of the said Duties, under a Penalty not exceeding Five hundred Pounds; besides Performance in which Bonds it shall also be a Condition, that the Collectors therein named shall once in every Year, or oftenpr if required by the said Commissioners, deliver or cause to be delivered; to them a true and exact Statement, certified upon Oath, if required ( which Oath any Justice of the Peace acting for the County or place within which such Collectors shall reside, is hereby empowered and required to administer), of the Sums arising from the said Duties received by them fioce their last Settlement of Accounts, or since their Appointment, and the precise Sum on account of the said Duties remaining in the Hands of the said Cojledprs. v

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Cplledor or CoUcdoifft shall fail or neglect to render such Statement of Accounts at, afore(4ic|>or to pay over (o the said Commissioners any such Sum ojr^u&s.of Moticy, within facb Period as shall have been (pecifiea in the Bonds'r '* entered

To whit Vessell Duties not to extend.

16 O.3. c.ioi.

 xi.

Power to appoint Collectors in Ports of G. B. and IrdandL

Bonds given by Collttton.

[Penalty.]

Condition of Bond.

Penalties and Duties how recovered from Collectors.

6, j 8

30, 00c 1. paid out of Exchequer towards the Purchase.

After Payment of Purchase Money, Duties to vest in Court of Exchequer to Scotland.

How Commissioners may apply Surplus

Duties.

Part of the Island of May h Id or let.

C. 13& $4* GEO. III.

entered into by them, the said Bonds shall, upon ? Certificate or Certificates granted by the said Commissioners of the Failure or Negkd of any Collector or Collectors to render such Statement of Accounts as aforesaid, or of the Sums due and unaccounted for, be put in Suit against such Collector or Colie&ors, and his or their Sureties, or any of them, for Recovery of such Statement of Accounts, anid of the Sums so due by them, or any of them, and of the Penalty or Penalties in the said Bonds, over and above the Sums so due with Cods of Swt by such Process as is competent for recovering Debts due to His Majesty, in any Part of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the said Duties and Penalties, when recovered, shall be paid over to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this

a a.

VIII. And be it enacted, That out of any Monies granted by Parliament for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be ifluedasd. paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Weshninfier, by Warrant or Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Cashier, or to any Person or Persons appointed by them to receive the faiae, t& Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, without any Fees or Deductions whatever, towards enabling them to complete the said Purchase from the Duke and Duchess of Portland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Sumef Thirty thousand Pounds shall be issued and advanced as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall assign to the Lord Chief Baron and other j Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, all the Rates and Duties which shall arise and be levied in consequence of this and the said former A As, after deducting therefrom the Expence tf procuring and passing this Act, and of levying the said Duties and maintaining the said Lighthouse on the Island of May* and Light-houses already erected, or which the said Commissioners shall afterwards think it necessary and proper to ereA, in consequence of the said A As and this Act; all which Duties so to be assigned shall thenceforth be vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons

of the said Court of Exchequer, as a Security for the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and until the said Sum, together with the filtered of the same at and after the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum fer Annum> shall be completely paid and satisfied 5 but the Payment of j which Interest for the first Six Years from and after the time of, advancing such Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, shall be postponed and paid in manner herein after mentioned 5 and after the Expiration of the said Six Years, such Interest shall be paid Half-yearly by the said Commissioners into the said Court of Exchequer.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply the Proceeds of any Surplus Duties now in their Hands, in part Payment of the Price of the said Island and Light of May, hereinbefore authorized to be purchased.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall mad nr, if they shall see expedient, sell and dispose of such Part or Parts of the said I (land of May> or of the other Premises thereto pertaining, when the same shall have been conveyed to and vested in them, which shall not be necessary for their Accommodation, Ur for the Uf<? of the Lighthouse erected on the said Island; attd to apply such Price or Prices to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this A A.

A.D. 1814.

GEa m.

C. 136, 137. 699

XII. And fee it wwfted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power to Power of the said Commissioners, to borrow on the Credit of the Rates borrow MoneI. and Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act granted, any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, for the further Security of the Surplus Duties aforesaid Assignment, and for the more speedy and ready Redemption inverted in

of the said Loan, as well as of the Loan of Twenty five thousand Fuj? M Pounds, authorized to be granted by the said recited Act of the xpeoce Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Surplus P y or Residue of the Duties by this and the former Acts empowered to be levied, which shall remain after completing the Purchase hereinbefore mentioned, and after erecting a proper Light on the Island of May % and after paying the Interest of the Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and Thirty thousand Pounds, in the said recited Act and in this Act mentioned, with the Expence attending the Lighthouses erected or to be erected by the Commissioners, fhdl be once in every Year vested in the Three Pounds ger Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or in some one or other of the Public Funds, and shall be allowed to accumulate until the same shall amount to a Sum equal to the Repayment of the aforesaid Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and Thirty thousand Pounds, and afterwards, until the before mentioned Interest for the said Six Years, immediately following the Advance of the said Thirty Thousand Pounds shall he paid; and thereafter such Annual Investment of the Surplus Duties shall continue as directed by the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the c.xot.,

'Yearly Interest of the same shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole

Expence attending the said Lighthouses, when the Duties by this and the former Acts empowered to be levied are to be diminished, and at last ibfo faflo to cease and determine in manner mentioned in the said before recited Acts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Au- Powers of thorities granted to the said Commissioners by the said recited Acts, former Acts or any of them, in regard to the Collection of Duties for erecting extended to Ad. and maintaining of Lights and Lighthouses, and other Matters and

Things in the said recited Acts and this Act or in any of them contained, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, in so far as the same are not altered by this Act.

WHEREAS the Regulations introduced by the Acts made in 23 O 3. c. 18.

the Twenty third, Thirtieth and Thirty third Years of the 300.3. c- 5Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Credi- ^3 G*3 c* 74tors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called 4.Scotland, which were continued by certain Acts passed in the Thirty g. 3! c. 53- ninth. Forty fourth, Forty sixth, Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fifty 4+ G. 3. c. 14.

first and Fifty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, 46 0.3. c. 24.

having in general been found useful and beneficial to the Public, it 48 q*8 4 is proper that they should, with such Variations and Amendments g. j c.i?.

as Experience hath suggested, be continued, and that other and far- G. 3. c. 65.] 4 ther Regulations should be made for attaining the same salutary

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[25th July 1614.]

7oo

Act of Scotland of 1696 ex-ttoded to Persons Abroad, ., kt.

>- G 10

Pari Paflu..PfttfQ

Arr cftiy^uj u*j certalqCa^b,

Provife.

C. 137' 54 GEO. III. A.b.1814.

Ends; May it therefore please Your Majesty tb*t it maj'bq enabled; and dc it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, yni Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, apd by the Authority of the same, That in all Adious and Questioqji arising upon the Construction and Effed of an Act of the Parliament of Scot fin d, made in the Year One thousand six hundred sold ninety six, intituled An Act for declaring Notour Bankruptr, if airy Peyfoiy subject to the Laws of Scotland, mill happen to be forthof that Part of the Territory of the United Kingdom, or not liable to be imprisoned by being in the Sanduary, or by reason of Privilege or personal Protection, a Charge of Horning executed against him, together with either an Execution of Arredment of any of his Efeps not loosed or discharged within Fifteen Days after the Date thereof, or an Execution of Poinding of any of his Moveables, p$ a Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his Heritable Estate, for Payment ex Security of Debt, shall, when joined with Insolvency, be f cient Proof of legal Bankruptcy, and equivalent to the De Notour Bankruptcy, given in the Act of the Parliament of before mentioned, made in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety six; and it is hereby declared, that such insolvent Debtor A from and after the Period when both the Charge of Horning against the Person, and one or other of the said Diligences of ArrtnjBcqt (not loosed or discharged as aforesaid) or Poinding have been exe* cuted, or Decree of Adjudication obtained, be holden and deemed x legal or Notour Bankrupt, and subject to the Regulations of said Act in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six, ^hereby extended and explained; and every Person, whether be be opt of Stnh land or not, whose Eft ate has been or shall be (equestrate4 under the Authority of any of the Acts before recited, or of the profit Act shall in like manner be holden and deemed a Notour Bankrupt m ap Questions upon the Act of One thousand six hundred and fh*ety fix, from and after the Date of the first Deliverance on the Pfetifiomto tbf Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration.

II. And be it enacted, That when a Debtor is made legally Bank* rupt in Terms of the said Act, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six, or of this Act, all Arrestmenta which shall fiaye been used for attaching any Effects of such Bankrupt within Sixty Days prior to the J^kniptcy, or within Fpor Calendix Months thereafter shall be ranked pari pafu in the same manner jp if such Arrestments had \kU of the same Date; and that, coming. Letters or Precepty of Arrestment upon unv idepepdM A^ioa may be granted fupimariLy^ upon, Produdiop of the iibM Summons; and it shall be, no Objectjoq to the Pftripqgu Prefctyn# b^rehy establishejd, that the $Ufnop>na, npop wwh any proceeds was not execute<L|*r tW, the Dept upon which it is foundipd was not liquidated at the Date of the Arreiftment: Providing always, that these and all other necessary Steps are afterwards taken without any undue Delay; and in case the first or any subsequent Arrester shall in the mean time have obtained a Decree of forthcoming of Preference, and thereupon shall have recovered Payment, he shall nevertheless be accountable for the Sum recovered to those who by virtue of this Act may be eventually found to have a part Pajf* Preference thereon, and Hull be liable to an Action at their InJtance, for

Payment

A.D. 18.14*

54? GJEO. IIL

C. 137.

701

[Proviso.]

Payment to them proportionally, after allowing out of the Fund the Expence of making H effectual; and further providing, that if there hr any Arrestments used ot attaching the same Effects after the Period Four Months subsequent to the Bankruptcy, such an Arrestmenl ftadl not compete with those used prior to or within the Period afore* ftid, bxjt may rank with one another on any Reversion of the Fund attached, according to the former Law and Practice.

III. And be it enacted, That an Arrestment executed at the Arrestments at", Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, to attach Market Croft, .; the Effects of the Debtor, as in the Hands of a Person out of Scot*c; no land, shall not be held to have interpelled such Person from paying to erp alloa* the Original Creditor, unless Proof be made that he, or those having Authority to act for him, were previously in the Knowledge of such Arrestment having been so used,

IV. And be it enacted, That the Messenger or other Person Poinded Good* employed in executing a Poinding for Debt, shalll leave the poinded foW ty RouP* Goods In the Hands of the Debtor, with a Schedule of the poinded Goods, and Note of the appraised Values (one Appraisement being ?n every case sufficient), and shall forthwith report his Execution ^Poinding to the Sheriff, or other Judge Ordinary, who shall givq ^irpftion for keeping the Goods poinded in safe Custody, and felling them by Public Roup, after such Publication, not (hotter that?

EigW free Days, nor longer than Twenty, from and after the Day When the Order was given, and at such Time and Place as circum-fhpicea may require, and who shall give all necessary Orders for in* perptediate Security, any Person who intromits with, or carries of the Goods in the mean time in order to disappoint the Poinding,

being liable in double the appraised Value thereof; and a Note or Minute of the Sale, and of the Sum arising from it, shall he within Eight Days of the Sale lodged with the Clerk to the said Sheriff or Judge Ordinary, and forthwith marked by him as so lodged, within Eight Days after such Sale, to be made patent to all concerned for a Fee of Urie Shilling, and the Net Sum arising from such Sale, aftej Fee; Deduction of all Charges, or the Goods in case no Offerers appear,

shall be delivered over to the Poinding Creditor.

V. And be it enacted, That when a Person has been rendered PwiPaflb' legally Bankrupt as aforesaid, no Poinding of the Moveables be- Preference df, longing to such Bankrupt used within Sixty Days before the Bankruptcy, or within Four Calendar Months thereafter, shall give a Preference to such Poinder, but that every 4>th*r Creditor of the Bankrupt, having liquidated Grounds of Debt, or Decrees for Payment, and summoning such Poinder, or judicially producing the Suite; in any Procefa or Competition relative to the Goods or Price thereof, before the said Four Months are elapsed, shall be entitled to a proportional Share of the Price of the Goods so poinded rffeiringtd his Debt, deducting always the Expence of such Poind*

&rg, wnkh the PoindeT shall retain in Preference to the other Crei

And providing also, that aB Poindings after the Four Pmifo Month* fad! have such Preference as they Were entitled to by former X&#tfed PfeAjft*; fating always the Landlord's Right of Hypo* Hypxhee.

Poirthtg* hi certain dr-

Scotch Acts i6i and 1695,

in part repealed.

Judicial Sales of Estates.

Purchaser* may lodge Prices in Sank, &c.

Sales may precede Ranking.

Scotch Act690.

What Proof of lolbivency - ce (Tary for Jales.

1*37^ 540 CIO. III. A.D. rti4.

Act, the pari pajfu Preference of Arrestment and Poindings shall be regulated as herein after directed.

VI. And Whereas an Act of the Parliament of Scotland* in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty one, Chapter ' Seventeen, intituled An Act concerning the Sale of Bankrupts, ' Lands, required certain Forms of Publication and Citation, which

in Practice have been found to be expensive and inconvenient;

and another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year One thousand six hundred and' ninety five, Chapter Six, intituled Act ' regulating the Sale and Payment of Bankrupts* Estates, made it ' Lawful for Purchasers of such Estates to consign the Price, after a

certain time, in the Hands of the Magistrates and Town Council

of Edinburgh, which Method has been found inconvenient, and has ' seldom been practised; and by an Article in the Regulations of the Session established in the same Year One thousand six hundred ' and ninety five, Section Twenty fix, it was provided that the

Ranking of the Creditors should proceed and be concluded by ? Decree before the Sale of the Lands, which Regulation has gtte'- rally been prejudicial to the Creditors; Be it enacted, That the said in Part recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby in so far repealed; and the Court of Session shall have full Power to make Acts of Sederunt for abridging the Forms of Publication and Citation, and regulating the Proceedings in Processes of Sale, Ranking and Division, whether at the Instance of Creditors or of apparent Heirs; and in every case of a Sale under the Authority of the Court of Session, it shall be lawful to the Purchaser, at any Term of Whitsunday or Martinmas subsequent to the Term of Payment of the Price, to lodge the Price, with the Interest due upon it, in" the Royal Bank, or Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of the Brrftit Linen Company, at such Interest as can be procured for it, by doing which, and by giving Notice thereof to the Agent itho earned on the Sale, he shall be discharged of the said Price; and further, the Court of Session, upon the Application of any of the Creditors, shall be empowered to make an Order on the Purchaser Jo lodge the Price and Interest, at any of the said Terms, subseqttent to the Term of Payment, in one or other of the said Banks, fuffldect Intimation being always previously given both to the Purchaser and to the Common Agent for the Creditors, that such Application is biade, in order that all Parties may have an Opportunity to object j and in all cases of Judicial Sales, the Lands or other heritable Sub-Jfefts may be brought to actual Sale so soon as the necessary previous Steps are taken, whether the Ranking be concluded or H5t, Unless the Court, upon Application of any Party concerned, 1km $nd sufficient Cause to delay the Sale.

VII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and

ninety, Chapter Twenty, intituled Act anent the Sale of Bankrupt/ f Lands, in 10 far as it requires that the Common Debtor be found 1 Bankrupt and utterly Insolvent Be it enacted, That a judicttl Sale, at the Instance of Creditors, may m all Cases proceed tfhel^ the Interest of the Debts and the other annual Burdens Ukceed tfc* tearly Income of the Sabjefts under Sale, or tvhere a Sedueftratioft mail nave taken place under this or any former Statute, without-other Proof of Bankruptcy or Insolvency.

4 GEO. III. C. 137.

703

VIII. And WkeitH by an Act of the Parliament of ScothtnS* Scotch Aft*

in the Year One thousand five hundred and forty, Chapter One xll#

' hundred and six, concerting Charges to enter Heir, and another

Act im the Year One thousand six hundred and twenty one, Chapter

Twenty seven, concerning Apprisings against Heirs, it was ordain*

ed, that Charges against Heirs unentered, which were to be the Foundation of apprising against their Predecessors Lands, might proceed at the Instance of Creditors, commanding them to enter

within Forty Days after the Charge; but it has been doubted whether the same or a longer Term is required when the Person

charged is out of Scotland, and it is expedient that such InductJt

Ihoutd be of long Duration; Be it enacted, That the Induct of Adjudicttioni on a Charge to enter Heir shall in no case exceed Forty Days, whether Charges to enter the Person charged be within the Kingdom or out of it 5 and that e, r* after one such Charge, whether general or special, has been given at the Instance of any Creditor, every subsequent Charge, at the Instance of the same or of any other Creditor, may be upon the Inducts of Twenty Days only 5 any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And, in order to leiTen the Number of Adjudications for Different Cr-Debt, and consequently the Expence to all Parties, and to facilitate*

the tan psffu Preference of Creditors in similar circumstances, be it enacted, That the Lord Ordinary officiating in the Court of Session, before whom the first Process of Adjudication against any Estate fot Payment or Security of Debt hr calied, shall ordain Intimation thereof to be made in the Minute Book, and on the Wall, in order'c

that any other Creditors of the Common Debtor, who at the next Calling of the Cause can shew that, although they have not executed their SummonfeS of Adjudication, they are in other respects, by the nature of the Grounds of Debt, and Steps taken by them, in Condi* tioa to proceed in adjudging their Debtor's Estate, may produce the Instructions of thieir Drots, with Summonses of Adjudication, libelled and signetted, for the Purpose of their being conjoined in the Decree of Adjudication, Twenty Sederunt Days being allowed for fneb Intimation before the Cause can be called a Second Time; and if any of these Forms shall happen to be omitted, the said Adjudication shall be null and void, without Prejudice to its being brought forward again in more due Form, or still conjoined with any after Adjudication; and, without Prejudice to the Validity and Order of ranking of posterior Adjudications according to the Rules of Law, when any after Process or Processes of Adjudication are brought into Court, the lame shall be regulated, as to the Time and Manner of Proceeding in them, by an Act or Acts of Sederunt of the Court of Session, so as to provide, as saur as circumstances will admit, for the pari pajfu Preference of such posterior Adjudications with one another, and to ibrijge the Number and Expence of such Proceedings; and in all dies where Penalties for Nonpayment over and above Performance arc contained in Bonds, or other Obligations for Sums of Money, and Ure made the Subject of Adjudication, or of Demand in any ofher Shape, it shall be in the Power of the Court to modify and rtftrift such Penalties, so as not to exceed the real and necessary Expeoces incurred in making the Debt effectual.

X. And be it enacted, That when the Estate of a Debtor is P?*8 brought into the Court of Session by Process of judicial Sale and

Rank", g Adjwficad am.

74

Mdde of rendering an Adjudication effectual

Scotch Act 1696.

Heritable Bonds, &c. Date of, how reckoned.

Mfycttfatf &c. not rcoeiriaf

Baffin*

S^ech Act696.

C. 137. 54 GEO. III. JLD. 1814.

Ranking* the Decree of Sale to be protuwiwed by tie Cotrt HmSl be held an a general Decree of Adjudicaftam in fartmr of every Creditor who shall afterwards be included in the Penned of D'rifiou; and the Effect of such general Deem shall be the same in all Competitions, or Questions of Ranking and Preference, an if it had been pronounced and extraidedof the Date of the first catting of the Process of Sale before the Lord Ordinary in the Outer House* and no separate Adjudication shall be allowed to proceed during the Dependence of a judicial Sale* it being hereby declared to be competent to the Court of SeSon to settle* by an Act or Act of Sederunt* in what manner* and at what Period or Period# the Principal Soma and bygone Interests of the Debts shall be accmmuktedi 0 as to do equal Justice to all concerned* but declaring that it shall be competent to any Creditor who is in a Situation to adjudge to carry oa the Action of Sak to its Conelusion, although deserted or abandoned by the original Pursuer.

XL And, in order to fix more clearly in time coming what Diligence is necessary to make an Adjudication effectual* be it enacted, That the presenting a Signature in Exchequer* when the holding is of The Crown, or the executing a general Charge of Hondo# aguioft Superiors at the Market Cross of Edinburgh*, and Pier and Shore of Leith* when the holding is of a Subject* and recording aa Abstract of the said Signature* or the said Charge in the RegMbrar of Abbreviates of Adjudications* shall be held m all time coming as the proper Diligence for the Purpose aforesaid.

XII. And Whereas, hv the Ad before mentioned, in the Tear*One thousand six hundred and ninety six* intituled A3 for doctor*

1 ing Notour Bankrupts, it is, inter alia* declared* u That aH Dif ' portions, Heritable Bonds* or other Heritabk Rights* whereupon Infeftment may follow* granted by the foresaid Banktapt* (kail off be reckoned, as to this case of Bankrupt* to be of the Date of the Seisin lawfully taken thereon j" but it would be more expecteot,

that instead of the Date of the Seisin* the Date of recording the Seisin in the Register of Seifins and Reversions* should be taken as the Rule Be it hereby enacted, That in all Qdbon upon the said Act* in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six* or this present Act* the Dispositions* Heritabk Bonds or other Heritable Rights, whereupon Infeftment may follow* shall in time coming be reckoned to be of the Date of the Registration of the Seisin law* fully taken thereon, without Prejudice to the Validity or Iim&dity of the said Heritable Rights* in all other respects as formerly.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Questioas upon the find Statutes all Dispositions, Affigoations and Venditions, which do net*require Seisin* but to which Intimation or Delivery are requifilHn 1 order to render them complete as Transferences or as Securities, shall be reckoned to be of the Date of the Intimation* Delivery or other Act requisite for completing the same, without Prejudice to their Validity in other respects.

XIV. And Whereas* by another Clause in the said Act One thousand six hundred and ninety six* it is declared, 44 That any Disposition* or other Rights that shall be granted for hereafter* for Relief or Security of Debts to be contracted for the future* shall be of 410 force, as to any such Debts as shall be found to be contracted, after the Seisin or Infeftment following oa the find Difi-

petition

Ajxiau-

54 GEO. III

C.i37

7S"

position Or^igtesyA^mtTt would tenS not only to the Benefit of "

Cpmmsree, but aMo-of Agriculture anti Manufactures, if Securities;

by lAfe^mont for the Payment of Relief of future Balances arising upon Cash Aco6uots or Credits, or of Sums paid on such Cam

Accq^ts of Credits, wtjre'ntade an Exception from the Rule laid

^ovrn in the foktreched'Clause^ Be it therefore enacted, That it Securities for shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, possessed of Lands Cash Accounts oc-other Heritable Subjects, and desiring to pledge the same in Seen- w ^redits* rity of any -Suras paid or Balances arising or which may arise upon Cash Accounts or Credits, ' of by way of Relief to any Person or Persons who mtly become bound with him or them for the Payment of such Sums or Balances, although posterior to the Date of the In-fefunant, to grant Heritable Securities accordingly upon their said Lauds or other Heritable Estate, containing Procuratory of Resignation and Precept of Seisin for infefting any Bank or Bankers, or Other Persons who shall agree to give them such Cash Accounts or '

Credits, or.for infefting such Persons as shall become Cautioners for them, or jointly bound with them in such Cash Accounts or -Credits i Provided always, that the Principal and Intereil which may Proviso.'become due upon the said Cash Accounts or Credits, shall be limited to?^-^jptaiu definite Sum, to be specified in the Security, the said*definite Sum not exceeding the Amount of the Principal Sum, and Thr^e*Ye^s> Interest thereon, at the Rate of Five per Centum; and it k J^eraby declared, that it shall and may be lawful to the Person to whom any such Cash Account or Credit is granted, to operate upon th^dggiQ, by drawing out and paying in such Sums from time to time

as ^hc-Pact^s. shall settle between themselves, and that the Seifins or

In^r^ets.takew upon the said Heritable Securities shall be equally vafad aftdias if the whole Sums advanced upon the said Cash A^ift.urQredk had bees paid prior to the Date of the Seisin or InfolupuHif taken thereon, and that any such Heritable Security Audi remain ed fobfift to the Extent of the Sum limited, or any lesser Sum, until Cash Account or Credit is finally closed, and the Bala^C v paid t|p. apd discharged, and the Seisin or Infeftment re^ nouncedt uay^b*ug to the contrary in the said recited Act notwithstanding.

And Whereas it is for the Intere ft of Commerce, that the Estates of those concerned in Trade and Manufactures, when they

become, unable to answer the Demands upon them, should be dif-

fpfed of and distributed among their Creditors in the raoft expeditious manner, without abiding the ordinary Forms of Law Be it en^Gd* That, from and after the passing of this A A, if any Person beiga a Merchant or Trader in Scotland, in Gross or by Retail, or a Banker, Broker or Underwriter, or a Manufacturer or Artificer, and in general any Person who, either for himself, or as Agent or Fa6tor for other % feekp bk Living by buying and selling, or by the Work-manship of Goods or Commodities, or by any of the foregoing Occupations, or holds a Share in any such Undertaking, shall be under Creditors, legal Diligence by Horning and Caption against him for Debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a Sanctuary, or?By or abscond for his personal Safety from such Diligence, or defend his Person by force, or being out of Scotland at the time, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or Personal Protection} shall be under Diligence by Charge of Horuing attended with Arrest-

54 Geq. 41. Z z ment

Estates of Merchant*,: >#<5

ureas,

Bankrupt, 1*4 iJ^questrated. if certain Diligence be done at Iq-ttmee of

76

Debtor cited.

C. 137. 54 GEO. III. A.P.1S14.

pent executed of any Pan of his IjdoveaHe Estate or Effects, and not loosed or discharged by the Debtor within fifteen pays thereafter, or with Poinding executed of any JPart of his Moveables, ox Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his (Jeritable Pftate for Payment or Security of Debt, at the Instance of any pjf his Creditor*, it shall, be lawful for any Creditor of the said person, whose Debt shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds $terling, or any Two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors \yhofe Debt* (had amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upward*, whether such Debts are liquidated by formal Vouchers, or (Und upon open Account, at any time within Four Calendar Months of the last Step of the said Diligence, to apply, by luminary Pernio* to the Court of Session, for Sequestration of the said Debtor* Estate, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Personal j and upon Producticm of the Grounds of Debt, or a Copy of the Account, signed by fb* Party to whom it is due, and a Deposition by the Creditor or Creditors at whose Instance the Application is made, taken before any Judge Ordinary, or Justice of the Peace, swearing to the Veritythe Debt or Debts, and also that they believe the Party against whom the Application is made to be a Merchant, or otherwise within one or other of the Descriptions a fore said, and always specifyjnjr w hidp Description, the Court shall grant Warrant for citing the said Debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at his D welling House* a Copy of the said Petition; or if the said Debtor be forth of $# land, by affixing Copies upon the Market Cross of Edinburgh* Pie? and Shore of Leith, and also leaving a Copy at the Dwelling House or House of Business in Scotland, last occupied by such Debtor, tp appear ia Court within the time specified in the Warrant of CitaUoifc not being left than Six nor more than Forty Days from the (hie of the Citation, to shew cause why Sequestration (bquld not bf awarded j and at the time of granting such Warrant of Citation the Court shall likewise, if desired, grant ^he usual Authority, si the Instance of the Petitioners, for recovering written Evidence of the said Steps of Diligence; and upon Production of fneb Evidence at the Diet of Appearance, if the Debtor shall not appear either in Person, or by his Counsel or A gent, or, so appearing, shall not infUntly pay or produce written Evidence of the Debt or Debts being (atisfieo upon which the Diligence proceeded, and also pay or satisfy the Debt or Debts due to the Petitioner or Petitioners, or to any other Creditor or Creditors who may have appeared and concurred in the Application, or shew other reasonable Cause why the Sequestration should not proceed further, the Court shall immediately award Sequestration 01 the said Debtor's whole Eft ate and Effects, Heritable and ^loveable. Real and Personal, for the Benefit of his whole just and lawful Creditors; declaring always, that it shall not be a Uifficient Grqund f<?f awarding Sequestration under this Act that the Debtor is*Holder of Stock in any of the Public or National or i>F India Stoci*

or of Stock in any of the Banks established by Public Authority, or in any Insurance Company against Fire, or in the Jfojrth and Navigation Company, or other Inland Navigation Company, or* W Brittish Fisheries, or that he is a Common Labourer or Workman for Hire, unless such Person shall be otherwise how Jide under one or other of thd foregoing Descriptions j and that no Landholder or*r- ' J - Tenant

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

C.J37.

707

Tenant of Land shall as such be liable to have his Estate sequestrated, even althdugh he deal in Cattle or Grain, unless lie shall bona Jide be of the Description of a Trader in these Articles, gaining or seeking to gain his Livelihood, Or a material Part thereof, by dealing in Cattle not the produce of, nor grazed upon, or made use of in the Labour of hia Farm, or in Grain not produced thereon.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Court shall, by the same Deliverance which awards the Sequestration, make an Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, being not more than Three Weeks from that Date, and as much sooner as circumstances may permit, in order to name an Interim Factor, if they think fit to appoint one, or, failing their doing so, to devolve the Interim Care and Custody of the Effects upon the Sheriff Clerk of the County where the Bankrupt carried on his Business; and the Court shall, by the same Deliverance, make another Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, to be named by the Court in the said Deliverance, being oot more than Four Weeks* and fess than Two Weeks from the Day of such First Meeting, for the Purpose of naming a Trustee, in whose Person the said Eftato shall be vested as herein after mentioned; the said Meetings to be at a convenient Place, either where the Bankrupt resides, or where his Business is or was lask carried on, or as near it as possible, tbs Place being also specified; which Deliverance the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors mall forthwith cause to be advertised in the Paper Called The Edinburgh Gazette, and also in The London Gazette, otherwise the whole Proceedings at those Meetings to be null and void \ and the Court shall at the same time grant Comroiilion to any resident Magistrate of the Burgh, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of rile County where the Meeting is to be held, or failing them any Justice of the Peace of the County, to attend the said First Meeting of Creditors, and to receive their Grounds of Debt, with the Oaths of Verity thereon after mentioned, and to sign the Minutea of the Creditors along with the Prefes chosen by them; and all Questioas at this Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of the Creditors ih Value or Extent of Debt (subject however to the Ex-, phnation after mentioned), appearing at the said Meeting by them-telyes, or others authorized by them, and whose Grounds of Debt and Oaths thereon are so produced 5 and it shall be in the Power of the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, upon Cause shewn by any of the Creditors, at any time after the Sequestration, and before the Meeting' for the Choice of the Factor, to seal up, and cause to be put under side Custody, the Books and Papers of the Bankrupt, and to lock up his or her Shop; Warehouse or other Repofitones, and to keep the Keys thereof till a Factor is named, or the Custody and Care devolved upon the Sheriff Clerk, subject in the mean time to such Orders and Directions as either the Court of Session or the Sheriff. mtij think proper to give, on the Application of any Party concerned, for rile Preservation of the Effects.

XVII. And be it enacted, that the said Factor or Sheriff Clerk*,

chosen as Interim Manager, shall be entitled to take Possession of-rise Bankjrtippfl whole Estate and Effects, and of the Bills, Note* and whose "o(her Vouchers, Title Deeds and Instrudiona of hit j KffcB^'.ahd aftjpi of Bis, Books and Papers; and the Bankrupt shall, H fiimi of by the Creditors, grant Powers of Attorney., or

Court to fix Meetings for choice of Fadtvt and Trustee.

Meetings advertised other wise void.

Court to grant Corami (Boo to Sheriff to attend First Meeting.

Questioas how determined.

Sheriff may lock up Shop, See. after Sequel' (ration.

Powers and Duty of Fitot9 See.

70 3

C. 13 7- 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

other Deeds, which may be deemed necessary or proper for the Recovery of the Estate and EfTe&s situate in Foreign Parts, under the Pain of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and of being deprived of all Benefit from this Statute 5 and the Factor shall lodge all Monies received by him in such Bank, or with such Banking Company, as the Creditors present at the Meeting at which he shall have been chosen shall appoint, and failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of the Brit'tjh Linen Company, at such Interest as can be procured for the same, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the Sequestrated Estate, and the said Factor, if required, shall find Security for his Intromissions to such Extent as the said Majority shall think reasonable, he, or failing him the Sheriff Clerk, being always entitled to a Gratification for Trouble, to be fixed by a Majority of the Creditors in Value, assembled at any General Meeting, subject to the Modification of the Court of Session; and the said Factor or Sheriff Clerk shall engross the Minutes of the Meeting at which he is appointed in a Book of Sederunt properly authenticated, which shall be kept by him as his Warrant for adiing; and the Principal Minutes of the said Meeting, being signed by the Magistrate and by the Prefes of the Meeting, and by the said Fadlor or Sheriff Clerk, shall be transmitted by them to the Clerk of the Sequestration, to be kept among the Records of the Court of Session.

Merchant, &c.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Merchant or other Per-

m*y apply for son described as above, and noV within the Exceptions, whether Dili-w!ti^eConfent of Sence has been executed against him or not, shall make a joint Creditors to Application to the Court of Session along with any Creditor whose certain Extent. Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upwards, whether such Debts be liquidated, or Hand upon open Account, and Oath being made as above to the Verity of these Debts, and the Parties or their Agent also making Oath to their Knowledge or Belief, of the Debtor's being within ne or other of the Descriptions, and specifying which Description, and not within the Exceptions aforesaid, the Court is hereby authorized and required to award Sequestration of the Debtor's Estate, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Personal, and the Procedure shall go on as before directed.

No Sequestration

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Sequestration shall be awarded tgaiuft a Non- against any Person having an Estate or Effects in Scotland, who at the time of the Application does not either reside, or has a Dwell-out hi* Con.ur-ng House or House of Business there, or at least had such Refi* rence. dence or Dwelling House or House of Business within a Year previous to the Application, unless the Debtor himself or those le^lly authorized to act for him, concur in the Application.

Estates of

XX. And be it enacted, That the Estates of all Copartnerships

Partnerships carrying on Business under any of the Denominations or Descrip-teque ate.tions a^ove set an(j not Within the Exceptions, may be sequestrated upon the Application either of those entitled to act. for them, with Consent of any Creditor of such Partnership whose Debt amounts to the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Two Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to

tj*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 137. 79

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upwards, or at the Application of such Creditor or Creditors themselves, whose Debts are to the Amount already mentioned; in which last case it mull appear that Diligence has been done against one or more of the Partners for Payment of a Partnership Debt, in the same way and manner as is before required to found an Application against Individuals; and in either case the Procedure hereby directed with regard to individual Debtors shall be followed out, and it shall be sufficient to cite the Part nor ship, by leaving a Copy at the House or Shop where their Business is or was carried on, or where any of their acting Partners reside; and if the said House and Shop be (hut up or deserted by them, a Copy shall also be affixed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh^ and Pier and Shore of Leith.

XXI. And Whereas it is often attended with great Inconvenience* that latent Partners of a Company do not come forward, but remain unknown when the Sequestration of a Company's Estate is awarded; ' it is hereby enacted, That any Partner of a Company whose Name Latent Partners, does not appear as such in the Books of the Company, or who shall not come forward and acknowledge himself as a Partner, on or before the Day appointed for the First Examination of the Bankrupt Partners, or any of them, such Person shall not be entitled to any of the Benefits or Privileges of this Act, in case it shall afterwards be discovered that he was truly a Partner in that Concern, unless he can make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, that this Omission proceeded entirely from innocent Mistake or Ignorance of the Proceedings, or from a reasonable Misconception of his Liability as a Partner, and shall then follow out all necessary Steps under the Direction of the Court for remedying as far as possible the Lofg and Inconvenience thence arising.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Party applying for the Petition for Se Sequestration, whether the Creditor or Creditors alone, or the questration re* Bankrupt with Concurrence of a Creditor or Creditors, shall cause giftered as an the Petition of Sequestration, and the First Deliverance thereon, to he recorded in the general Register of Inhibitions, within Fifteen jj rocee m* Days after the said Deliverance is pronounced, and the same shall, from the Date of the Deliverance, be held equivalent to an Inhibition, and to a Citation in an Adjudication against the Debtor and his Property for Behoof of the whole Creditors, in case the Sequestration is finally awarded, but the Proceedings shall be of no Effect as an Inhibition, or as a Citation in an Adjudication, if such Registration be omitted 5 and it shall not be in the Power of the Bankrupt, after Sequestration is awarded, to stop Proceedings by paying off the Debt on which the Diligence and Petition did proceed; and in case of any undue Conduct or Neglect in these Particulars, or with regard to publishing the Advertisements before directed, whereby other Creditors may sustain a Loss, the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, and those acting for them, shall be liable in all Damages arising from such undue Conduct or Omission: Providing always, that if the Debtor Sequestration* against whom Sequestration has been awarded without his own Con erroneously currence, or if any Creditor, who has not concurred in or consented awarded, how to the Application, shall apprehend that the Party against whom it r<ca"td-is awarded does not come within the Description before given, or falls under any of the Exceptions therefrom, or that there is any other good Ground for recalling the Sequestration, and annulling the whole

Procedure at Meeting for Choice of Trustee.

Contingent Creditors not vote.

Cl 137. 54 GEO. III. A.D. t*t4-

Proceedings, such Debtor or Creditor fh*U be tit Liberty, t any time within Sixty Days after Sequestration is awarded, to apply to the Court of Session, setting forth the Grounds upon which the Sequestration ought to be recalled 5 and this Petition being intimated to the Party or Parties at whose Instance the Sequestration was obtained, or their known Agent, and a reasonable time given to make Answers thereto, and to adduce the necessary Proofs on either Side, the Court shall determine upon the same, and either recall or confirm the Se questration, as the Justice of the case nfay require; but in the mean time, until this Matter is finally determined, the Proceedings under the Sequestration shall go on as if no such Application had been made*

XXIII. And be it enacted, That at the General Meeting for choosing a Trustee, the Interim Factor or Sheriff Clerk shall exhibit the Book of Sederunt containing the Minute of his Appointment, together with a State of his Intromissions, and the Books and Papers in nis Possession, which State shall be engrossed in the fold Book of Sederunt, and the Majority of Creditors in Value or Extent of Debt present at this Meeting shall determine who is to be Trustee*but no Creditor shall be entitled to a Vote at this or any future Meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited not only an Oath Of Verity on his Debt, but also the Grounds or Vouchers thereof} and at the said or any other Meeting it shall be lawful for Agents or Attornies having Commissions, either general or special, from any of the Creditors, to appear and vote in all Matters wherein their Constituents themselves, if present, might have voted; and the Creditors may choose Two or more Trustees to act in Suceefisoo, one failing another by Death, Refig nation or Removal, but only nee Trustee shall act at a time 5 and in no case shall it be competent to the Creditors to appoint as Trustee, either the Bankrupt hatnself, or any Person who, wkh respect to him, is by the Law of Scuiknd held to be conjunct or confident; neither shall it he competent to the Creditors to appoint as a Trustee any Person whose Place of Residence shall be without the Jurisdiction of the Court of Seftea $ and if any Person who has been elected a Trustee shall remain at any time for Three Calendar Months forth of Scotland, it shall be competent to the Creditors, at any General Meeting called for that Purpose by any of the Commissioners herein after mentioned, by Advertisement inter ted in the Edinburgh Gazette, Fourteen Days befofle the find Meeting, to apply to the Court of Session for the Purpose of the Creditors being authorized to declare the Appointment of the said Trustee either Tufpended or at an End, and to appoint the Trustee next in Succession, or if there be no Trustee chosen to a^t in Sue* cession, to choose a Trustee for the Purpose of managing the Affairs of the Bankrupt; and the Court shall thereupon, upon Cause shewn, authorize the Creditors to make either an interim Appointment or such an Appointment of a Trustee as shall appear to be proper*

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Person whose Chum upon the 10 Bankrupt Estate is merely contingent, or depending upon an us* certain Condition, shall be entitled either to join in the Petition above mentioned for Sequestration, or to vote in the Choice of Fattar or Trustee, or in the other Steps of Proceeding herein fpOcihed; and that any Creditor who holds a preferable Security or Lie* mpoa the Debtor's Property, or has other Obkgant* bound with him* except where the Common Debtor in this 4aft chfe* fotb#1r. pfteripnl or

54 ota nr.

C <37. 711

primary Obligaet, and liable to relieve the others, shall be obliged upon Oath to pat a Value upon such Security or collateral Obligation, so far as he may thereby be covered, and to dedud such Value from his Claim, and to give his Vote in all Matters respecting the Bankruptcy as Creditor only for the Balance, which Balance shall be specified in his Affidavit, without Prejudice to his correding his Valuation afterwards, and without Prejudice to the Amount of his Debt in other respects.

XXV. And be it enacted, That at the said Meeting for choosing Bankrupt toex- Trustee, the Bankrupt shall exhibit, or cause to be exhibited, a hhi* Stats of State of his Affairs, specifying the whole Estate and Effects Heritable Affairs* mud Moveable, Real and Personal, wherever situated, belonging to him, and Debts due to him, including any Estate in Expedanc^ which he may have an eventual Right to by Contract of Marriage,

Entail or otherwise, and specifying also the Debt9 due by him, or Demands upon him, so far as they are known to him, and also a Rental of his Lands, and an Inventory or Lift of his Books, Papers,

Accounts, Bills, Notes and Title Deeds, or other Documents of hi# Eslate; which State, Rental and Inventory shall be engrossed Interim Mail the Sederunt Book, the same being duly authenticated by the n<*sei exone* Prefes of the Meeting, who shall deliver the said Book of Sederunt % rate nd the Title Deeds of the Heritable Eslate, to the Trustee so sMjned, and shall deliver the other Papers to the Interim Factor or (Sheriff Clerk, to be kept by him until the same are duly taken off hi# Hands by the Trustee, upon being discharged of his Intro-srtiffions, and satisfied of all Demands which he has against the Estate Cor Advances of Money, Commission or Trouble.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That so (bon as the said Trustee Trustee on find? shall have declared his Acceptance, and found Security for his In-^tromissions and faithful Management, to the Extent required by the Court*;Majority of the Creditors in Value at the aforesaid Meeting, the Mi-flutes of the said Meeting shall be reported to the Court of Session by the Trustee, a Copy of them being previously entered in the Sederunt Book and if 110 good Objection is made to the Trustee, his Nomination shall be confirmed, and he shall then have a Right to? call for, and take into his Custody, all Books, Accounts, Vouchers' of Debt, Securities and other Papers and Documents relative to the;

Estate or to the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and to account with and discharge the Interim Manager, and likewise to take such legal Stepr a#; may be effectual for recovering the Possession of the Estate and Effects, wherever situated, he being always entitled to a reafortable ami entitled to Allowance or Commission for his Trouble, to be fixed by the Cotn* Commission. md&oners herein after mentioned, previous to each Dividend.

v XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Question shall arise Disputed Oec-as to die Election, either of the Interim Factor or of the Trustee, ^Xrustee!^ the same shall be reported to the Court of Session, and it shall be* ru competent either to the Court in time of Session, or to the Lord1 Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, to decide in the most ftimmary manner on the Merits of such Election.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in such case the unsuccessful Exptncthow Party daimiag to have been elected Interim Factor or Trustee, shall pdd. pay the Expences of the Proceeding 5 and no Part of the Expences of either Party shall be paid out of the Bankrupt Estate; save and except in the case of the Sheriff Clerk, with Reference to whose Expence#

Jy

712

Estate verted ii> Trustee by Diu pofirion, by virtue of Ad,

by Decreet of Adjudication of Couit.

Enta'ded Property how far veiled.

Adjudication recorded.

EfTeds of Adjudication.

C. 137. j4 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

pences the Court shall and may give such Direction^ eud make Inch Order as to them shall seem fit.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Nomination of the Trade* being thus reported and approved of, the Court shall at the same time ordain the Bankrupt to execute and deliver, within a certain reasonable time to be specified in the Interlocutor, a Disposition or other proper Deed or Deeds of Conveyance or Alignment, making over to the said Trustee or Trustees, in their Order, his whole Estate and Effects, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Personal, wherever situated, and which shall specially describe and convey the Premises, so far as they are known, or so far as the Trustees shall think it necessary, and be in such Form and Style as may effectually veil the Right in him, with full Powers of Recovery and Sale, for behoof of the Creditors; and if the Bankrupt shall, without reasonable Cause, neglect or refuse to obey such Order, the Court may punish him by Imprisonment; and in all Events, whether such Deed or Deeds be executed or not, it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said whole Estate and Effects, of whatever Kind, and wherever situated (in so far as may be confident with the Daws of othw Countries, when the Effects are out of Scotland1, shall be deemed and held to be vested in the said Trustee or Trustees in Succession, for behoof of the Creditors; and the Court shall, in the Act or Order above mentioned, declare every Riht, Title and Interest, which was formerly in the Bankrupt, to be now in the Trustee for the Purposes aforesaid, and particularly shall adjudge, decern and declare the whole Lands, and other Heritable Ellate belonging to the Bankrupt, within the Jurisdiction of the Court, and which, as far as known, shall beespecially enumerated and described, to pertain and belong to the Trustee or Trustees in Succession, absolutely and irredeemably, to the end that the same may be sold, levied and recovered, and converted into Money for Payment of the Creditors; which Adjudication, being in the Nature of an Adjudication in Implement, as well 38 for Payment or Security of Debt, shall be subject to no legal Re-yerfion: Declaring always, that if any Part of the Bankrupt's Pro* perty happens to be entailed, or other wise of a limited nature, the Conveyance to be executed by him, or the Decree of Adjudication to be obtained by the Trustee, shall only be understood to carry that Right and Interest in the Ellate which the Bankrupt himself has, and can safely convey, and which his Creditors can validly attach.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Trustee shall cause the Ad or Order aforesaid, adjudging the Ellate of the Bankrupt, to be re* corded within Fifteen Days of the Date thereof in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, in the same manner and to the same effect that Abbreviates of Adjudications mull be recorded; and this being done, the Trustee (half be entitled, for behoof of the whol* Creditors, to rank in the same manner upon the Heritable Ellate, as if it had been a Common Decree of Adjudication obtained, and rendered effectual at the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, accumulating the whole Debts of the Bask* nipt, Principal and Interest, as at that Period, and adjudging for Security or Payment thereof so as to rank pari pqjfv with any prior effectual Adjudication within Year and Day of the Fam*

jt shall further operate as a complete Attachment and Transfer of the Moveable or Personal Ellate for bchpof of all the Creditors, at the -

7*3

A*I}i (814.

54 GEO. III. C. 137.

Date of the first* Deliverance aforesaid, without the necessity of Intimation 5 and the said Disposition, Adjudication or Transfer, shall not be reducible upon any Ground of Law, nor struck at by any prior Inhibition; Saving' always the Fffe& which such Inhibition may be entitled to in the ranking against Contractions of Debt by the Bankrupt posterior to the Inhibition: And provided always, that the said Provifa Disposition or Adjudication of the Heritable Estate by the Act or Order of the Court, or any Adjudication in Name of the Factor or Interim Manager during the Dependence of a Judicial Sale, shall have no Effect upon any Question of Succession between the Heir and Executor of the Creditor.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That upon the said Disposition or Feudal Title* Decree of Adjudication the Feudal Titles requisite by the Law of may be com-Scotland to vest Heritable Property shall and may be made up, either Pleted on

in the Person of the Trustee, or in the Person of the Purchaser from bim, in virtue of such Trustee's Conveyance, agreeably to the Forms of the Law of Scotland; and each Trustee succeeding a prior Trustee Succeeding through Death, Resignation or Removal (unless substituted at the Trustee how to first Nomination, in which case no other Form is necessary), shall ve e*be vested in the Right, either by Disposition from the former Trustee or by Ajudication obtained by the new Trustee, on a summary Application to the Court of Session as before mentioned; and the Su- Superior to re-perior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the Trustee or Trustees, ", ve Trustee as or Purchaser, in the same manner as he is directed by an Act made*in the Twentieth Year (a) of His late Majesty's Reign, for abo-lishing Ward Holdings; and if the Trustee shall afterwards discover Heritable Estate any other Heritable Estate belonging to the Bankrupt, and which atterwyd* dii-belonged to him at the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, the veiled*

same shall, on an Application to the Court of Session by the Trustee, be adjudged in manner before directed, and to the same Effect; and Estates to which in case the Bankrupt's own Titles to any Part of the Estate Herit- Bankrupt has able or Moveable, Real or Personal, which belonged to him at that Period, or to which he had then succeeded as apparent Heir, nearest Vdted! * in Kin or otherwise, to any Predecessor, have not been so completed as to vest the Right properly in him, the Trustee shall take the most safe and eligible Method of completing the Bankrupt's Title in such way and manner as the Law requires, which Title shall accrefco to that already acquired by the Trustee, in the same way as if it had been completed prior to the Disposition by the Bankrupt, or Adjudication against him 5 declaring that the Rules of Preference or Ranking between the Creditors of the Ancestor and those of the Heir by the Law of Scotland, are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this Act. (a) [20 G. 2. r.yo.j

XXXII. And be it enacted, That within Eight Days after the Sheriff to fir

Appointment of the Trustees is confirmed by the Court of Session, Two Diets fur he mall apply to the Sheriff of the County where the Debtor re- f

fides, or where his Business was carried on, who is hereby authorized and required to name one Day, not being less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Three Weeks from the Date of the Application, and another Day, being not less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Three Weeks, after the First Day so named, for the Public Examination of the Bankrupt upon the State of his Affairs* and all circumstances relative thereto, in the Sheriff Court House of the District, or such other Place as the Sheriff shall think proper to appoint.

C. 137.

54 GEO; HI.

A. O.1814.

Fee.

Trustee* to ad* vettife Diets, &c.

Warrant granted to bring Bank, rupt to be examined.

Trustee mi/

at any time eumioe.

and may get Bankrupt protected till ex*

Procedure m Examination.

appoint, a Fee of One Guinea each Sitting being allowed to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute who officiates; and the Trustee mar also, if he finds it necessary for the Purpose of obtaining a full Discovery of the Bankrupt's Estate and EffeCU, insist for au Examination of his Wife, and others of his Family, or connected with his Bufi-fiefs, upon all proper Interrogatories, which Examinations are to be taken upon Oath (if required; before the Sheriff, at one or other of the said Diets, or upon any intermediate Day; and after the said Diets are fixed, the Trustee shall immediately publish an Advertisement in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in the London Gazette, intimating to the Creditors his Appointment as Trustee on the Bankrupt Estate, the Two Daye fixed for the Examination of the Bankrupt, and that on the First lawful Day immediately succeeding the last of these Examinations, a Meeting of the Creditors is to be held at the same Place, and requiring the Creditors to produce, in the Trustee's Hands, their Claims and Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, with their Oaths on the Verity thereof, at or previous to the said Meeting, if not already produced, and farther intimating, that unlef* the said Productions are made between and a certain Day specified in the Advertisement, being Ten Months after the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Party neglecting shall have no Share in the First Distribution of the Debtor's Estate under the Exceptions afterwards provided for; and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall, if necessary, issue his Warrant for apprehending the Bankrupt, or any of his Family, or others coo-ne&ed with his Business, who are to be examined within his Jurisdiction, in order to force their Appearance at the Diets of Examination, or if they be without his Jurisdiction, the Court of Session shall, on the Application of the Trustee, grant such War* rant for apprehending and bringing them before the Judge who is to take the Examination as aforesaid; and if any of these Persons shall happen to be indisposed or otherwise unable to attend at that time in the Place appointed for Examination, the Court of Session, or the Sheriff, may give the necessary Directions for examining them elsewhere, and it shall be competent for the Trustee to apply at any time for re-examining them, or for examining such Persons of the above Description as have not already been examined, upon due Advertisement given in manner aforesaid; and the Court of Session shall likewise, in case it be necessary, grant a Personal Protection to the Bankrupt on the Application of the Trustee, for such time as may be requisite for enabling him to attend the Diets of Examination, or may grant Warrant to Messengers at Arms, or other Officers of the Law, to bring his Person out of Prison, or the Sanctuary, in order to attend such Meetings, and thereafter to carry him back.

XXXIII. And be it ertacted, That at the said Examinations the Bankrupt shall be allowed to make such Additions to or Alterations upon the State of his Affairs exhibited at the Meeting when the Trustee was chosen, as may have cccunUd to him since the find Meeting, and are necessafv to be set forth to give a pctieCk View of his Affairs; and the said Additions and Alterationi shall also be engrossed in the Book of Sederunt, with the whole Examinations of the Bankrupt, and subscribed by the Judge Examinotor and by the Bankrupt, and likewise by the Trustee; and at the last of the Two

Diets

7lS

A.D. 1814.4* GEO. III. C. 137.'

Diets appointed for hik Examination, the Bankrupt shall take and subscribe the following Oath

I D0 the Presence of Almighty God, and as I shall answer Bankrupt's 4 to God at the great Day of Judgment, solemnly swear, That oath* the State of my Affairs, engrossed in this Book, contains a full and true Account of all the Debts of whatever Nature due to me, and of all my Estate and Effects, Heritable and Moveable, Real or Personal (the necessary Wearing Apparel of myself, my Wife, and Family excepted) as well as of all Claims which I am entitled to make against any Person or Persons whatsoever, and of all Estate in Expectancy, or Means of whatever kind, which have an eventual Right to by Contract of Marriage, Deed of Entail, or otherwise, to the best of my Knowledge; and that the said State likewise contains a full and trne Account of all Debts due by md, or Demands upon me, so far as I know or can remember;

and that I fyave delivered up the whole Books, Documents, Ac-x counts and Papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any { way relate to my Affairs; and which were in my Possession or

under my Power, and have made a full Disclosure of every Parti* r cular relating to my Affairs; and further I swear, that I shall forthwith reveal all and every other Circumstance or Particular

relative to my Affairs, or which may tend so increase or diminish

my Estate, or in which my Creditors may be interested directly or

indirectly, which may at any time hereafter come to my Knowledge. So help me GOD.

And if the Person thus called upon is a Copartner with others, and {gammed respecting the Partnership Affairs, the Words of the said Oath shall only be varied by the Judge as to make it applicable to the case; which Oath being annexed to the Proceedings in the Book of Sederunt, shall also be subscribed by the Sheriff Depute

0r Substitute 5 and if the Bankrupt be one of the People called Affirmation off Quakers, it shall be sufficient to take his solemn Affirmation upon Pitied.*5*- the Matters contained in the said Oath, and likewise in all other cases where an Oath is required by this Statute; and all Persons convicted of taking the above Oath or Affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of Perjury, and of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and Fraudulent punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding J ul, ts* any Office of Public Trust or Emolument; declaring also, that if the Bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair State ofnis Affairs, or to make Oath in the Terms above specified, or to make a complete Surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any Office of Public Trust or Emolument; and in either case shall forfeit Penalties, every Benefit or Privilege arising from this present Act, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving Evidence in any Court of Justke, or of fitting or acting on any Assize or Jury,

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Creditors assembled at*Meeting to give Meeting to be held Fourteen Days after the last Examination of the about

Bankrupt, or on the First lawful Day after Expiration of the said

Fourteen Days, shall examine into the State of the Bankrupt*'*

Affairs, and into the Proceedings which till then have been held, and give Directions to the Trustee for the Recovery and Disposal of the Bankrupt's Estate! and the Trustee shall be obliged to follow

the

A.D. 1814.

and to choose Commissioners.

Meetings of Commissione rs.

State rf Bankrupt Eftjte exhibited, after U(l Examination of Bankrupt.

Similar State exnibited once in every Three Months.

Sequestrated Fund hove divided.

Payments, &c. of Bankrupt after fi ft Deliverance void.

C. 137. 54 GEO. III.

the Directions and Rules prescribed by a Majority in Value of the Creditors assembled at this Meeting, or at any After Meeting, called for the Purpose, as after directed 5. and at the said Meeting, after the lad Examination, the Majority in Value of Creditors present shall also name any Three of the Creditors as Commissioners for the Purpose of auditing the Trustee's Accounts, settling his Commission, concurring with him in Submissions and Compromises, and giving their Advice and Assistance to him in any other Matters relative to the Management of the Bankrupt or Trust Estate, subject always to the Controul of General Meetings; and in case of any Dispute about the Election of these Commissioners, the same shall be reported to and summarily advised by the Court of Session or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in the manner before directed as to the Election of Interim Factor and Trustee.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to meet at any time they may think fit, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Situation of the Bankrupt Estate, and of examining the Acts and Transactions of the Trustee, and to make such Reports as they or any One of them may think proper to make from time to time, to a General Meeting of the Creditors which they or any One of them may call by Advertisement in the Edin- hurgh Gazette, upon Fourteen Days previous Notice.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That at such General Meetings held after the last Examination of the Bankrupt, there shall be exhibited a State of the Bankrupt's Estate made up by the Trustee, with an Estimation or Valuation of what he expels at the time it will produce, according to the bell of his Judgment, upon the Information procured from the Bankrupt or otherwise, which State shall be inserted in the Sederunt Book, and signed by the Prefea of the Meeting.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That a similar State and Estimate, or Valuation, shall be made out by the Trustee and exhibited to the Commissioners once in every Three Months thereafter, shewing the Debts and Effects recovered, and those remaining outstanding at the time when each such State shall be made up 5 and eve^y such State shall be inserted in the Sederunt Book, and signed by the Commissioners, and when Notice of a Dividend is given, it shall also be notified in the Advertisement or Notice, that such State or States, as well as the State of the Ranking of the Creditors, are lying in the Hands of the Trustee for the Inspection of the Creditors.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the whole Estate and Effects of whatever Kind, belonging to the Bankrupt at the Period of the Sequestration, or the Produce thereof, after paying all Charges, shall be a Fund of Division among those who were his Creditors prior to the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid, and none else, regard being had to Preferences obtained by Securities, or by Diligence, before the said Deliverance, and not expressly let aside by this Act, but to no other Claims of Preference; and all Payments made by the Debtor to any of his Creditors after the Date aforesaid, shall be void and ineffcdhial to the Receivers in the Event of a Sequestration taking place, and the Trustee shall be entitled to recover the Money so paid as Part of the Bankrupt's Estate; and all Transactions.of the Bankrupt subsequent to the said Date, from which any Prejudice may arise to the Creditors, shall be null and void j declar-

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 137. 717

ing always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide Purchaser of any Part of the Moveable Etfedls from the Bankrupt, while iu actual Possession, and for a Price truly paid, to restore the Effects so purchased, nor the Debtor of a Bankrupt who has paid his Debt to him, bona jidey before he knew of the Bankruptcy, to pay it a Second time to the Trustee.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if posterior to the Sequestration, any Estate or Effects shall devolve upon the Bankrupt, either in the way of Succession, or otherwise, he shall be obliged, immediately when such Event happens, to make a full Discovery thereof to the Trustee, and shall at all times, when required by the Trustee, declare upon Oath before the Judge Ordinary, or any Magistrate or Justice of Peace, whether any such Estate or Effects have come to or devolved upon him, in order that the Trustee may have an Opportunity of taking such Steps as are necessary or proper for the Interest of his Constituents, and the Trustee shall likewise give Notice thereof to the Creditors, either at the next General Meeting, or by advertising a Meeting for the Purpose.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Arrestment of the Bankrupt's Effects used at any time within Sixty Days' before the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, shall give a Preference to the arresting Creditor in the Event of Sequestration taking place, but that in every such case the Effects arrested shall be made forthcoming to the Trustee 5 and in case they have been actually recovered by the arresting Creditor, the Trustee shall nevertheless be entitled to demand and receive the same from him as Part of the Fund of Division, in the same way as if the Arrestment had been used for the Creditors at large 5 and in like manner no Poinding of a Debtor's Effects, not completely executed Sixty Days at lead before such Deliverance, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder in the Event of Sequestration taking place, but the Poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the Factor or Trustee the Goods poinded, if not sold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and in case they are then sold or disposed of, he shall pay, or cause to be paid to the Trustee, the whole net Price of the Goods poinded, and which shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors: Provided always, that all Arrelters and Poinders, who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligence in consequence of a Sequestration, shall be entitled to demand or retain the Expence bona Jide laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Trustee shall proceed to recover and convert into Money, in the speediest and most effectual manner the whole Estate under his Management or Power, whether at Home or in Foreign Parts, in order that the same may be distributed among the Creditors 5 and he shall, if required at any time by One Fourth of the Creditors in Value, who have produced and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting, or he himself may, on any Emergency, call such Meeting, sufficient previous Intimation of every occasional Meeting, and the Purpose of calling it, being always given by Advertisement in the Edinburgh Gazette and London Gazette^ a Fortnight at least before the Meeting; and all Resolutions of the Creditors at their General Meetings shall be final and conclu* live, unless objected to and complained of by a Petition to the Court of Session, within Thirty Days after the Meeting.

Proviso for bona fide Transitions.

E (fates devolving on Bankrupt after Sequestration.

Arrestments and

Poindings within Sixty D.iys of Se* qudlration void.

[Proviso.]

Trustee to proceed to Recovery of Elhte; and to c 11 occasional Meetings, if required.

7>8

Heritable Property of B-inkiupts 1 ww difj oi'ed of.

Provifa.

No Adjudication competent alter Se^udlracion.

Monies re* covered by Trustee deposited iu Bank.

C-13?* $4* GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Part of the sequestratsd Estate consists of Land or other Heritable Subjectt, it shall be optional to*Majority of Creditors in Value to determine, at the Meeting aforesaid, held after the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or any other Meeting advertised for the Purpose whether the Trustee is to bring the said Heritable Estate to judicial 8ale before the Court of Session, or to dispose thereof by voluntary Public Sale; and if the latter Mode is adopted, the Sale made after such AdvertisemeIltJ, and at such upset Price, and upon such Articles and Conditions as shall be fixed by a Majority of the said Commissioners, shall be valid and effectual, with and under the Burden of all Real Securities or other Lien6 upon the Estate, in so far as the same are preferable to the Disposition or Decree veiling the said Estate in the Trustee, but which Burden shall go no farther than to the Extent of the Price; and the Purchaser shall have no Concern with the Application of the Price after Satisfaction of the preferable Securities aforesaid; and if a Majority of Creditors iu Value determine for a judicial Sale, the Trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed ks the same, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to a Part of the Estate, without including the Whole, and without any other Proof of Bankruptcy than the Act of Sequestration; and it shall be enough to call the Bankrupt himself, and his Real Creditors in Possessicm, upon a Citation of Fifteen Days, whether they are within the Kingdom or not, and the edi&al Citations shall be dispensed with: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall bar the Right which any Real Creditor may have by the Law, as it Rands at present, to bring In Debtor's Estate to a judicial Sale at his own Instaiuter u&feftfecfr Sale has been previously brought at the Instance of the TruAve, of unlefa a Majority of the Creditors in Value shall have provfoully determined upon a voluntary Sale \ and in the Event of the Effete being sold by judicial Sale, the Balance of the Price, if- there be any, after satisfying the preferable Securities aforesaid, fhnM he paid into the Hands of the Trustee, as a Part of the Fund of Divisiow to be* made by him among the Creditors in general, she Purchaser befog' always entitled, upon making full Payment of the Price* whether tie Lands have been fold in the one way or in the othes, to a Di&hargt from the Trustee, which shall have the Efifed completely to disto-cumber the Subject acquired; and further, the Crtdffcovs Ani be entitled to draw their Shares of the Price in virtue of the Dtiprik tion and Adjudication before mentioned, without the Nectffity orisji other Adjudication; and no other Adjudication led or madesffe&ul after the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid, shall have any Bftdf in Competition with the Right of the Creditors under the Sequefc tration: Provided always, that where Heritable Property beksuftig to the Bankrupt, after having been duly advertised for Sale, Audi lave been Three times expofod to judicial or public Salt without Effedy it shall be competent to the Trustee, with Content of a Majority uftbl Commissioners, and with the Approbation: of a General Meeting of the Creditors called for the Purpose, to fell the said HwildWe perty by private Sale, provided the Price at which it shall be sold Audi not bo left than the last upset Price at.which it hadbees opdd to public Sale without Efifedt. -

XL III- And be it enacted. That the Tivftue fhaRbs*Ni^so lodge all Money ha teeeirtn ia such Bank, or with'

5 Company,

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. in* C. 137# Qip

Company, as Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number ftnd Value at any General Meeting shall appoint, and failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the British Linen Company, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the lequestyated Estate, at such Interest as can be procured for the same, and never to retain in his own Hands above the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling for the Space of Ten Days, otherwise to be liable to the Creditors for Twenty per Centum per Annum on whatever exceeds the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, in the Name of Interest and Damages; and it shall be competent to the said Commissioners, or to any One of them, at any time when they shall think proper, to compare the Sums so lodged from time to time by the Trustee, with the Sums received by him, and to examine the Sums drawn by him from such Bank, and disbursed by him in Payment for or on Account of the Bankrupt Estate; and the said Commissioners are hereby required, at the time when they audit the Accounts of the Trustee in manner herein directed, to cause an Entry to be made in the Sederunt Book, certifying that they have made such Comparison and Examination, and whether they have found the Money received by the Trustee regularly and duly lodged by him in the manner herein directed, and whether the same has been duly drawn out and disbursed on Account of the Bankrupt Estate; and in every case where it shall appear that the Money received by the Trustee shall not have been regularly and duly lodged by him in the manner herein directed, the Comnudfioners are hereby required to make a summary Application to the Court to compel the Trustee to pay at the Rate of Twenty Poundia per Centum per Annum upon every Sum above Fifty Pounds Sterling, at any time retained by him in his Hands, beyond the Space of Ten Pqys, which Money so recovered shall be lodged in the Bank or Banking Company, with whom an Account wall have been opened as aforesaid for the sequestrated Estate.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bank or Trustee not t# Banking Company, with whom Money belonging to a sequestrated have in Interest Eilat? mall be lodged, either by the Interim Factor or Trustee, shall, n* not he on? in which such Interim Factor or Trustee shall be an acting Partner* Manager or Cashier.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Trustee shall mark the Pro- Trustee to dudions made to him of the Claims of the several Creditors, and mar, c >nd their Vouchers, or Grounds of Debt, and certified Accounts, with the Oaths of Verity upon the said Claims, and make a Minute or to bimVind to Entry thereof, and of the Date of Production, in the Book of keep regular Sederuntbut he shall return the Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, if Account* dr fired, to the Claimant or his Agent, and he shall be obliged to keep a regular Book of Accounts with the Bankrupt's Estate, and to make the same patent at all times to any of the Creditors, or their Agents, or to any of the said Commissioners who desire to fee the same, and within Ten Days after the Expiration of Ten Calendar Months from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for SeqpeftfatiQO, the Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall audit the Trustee'a Accounts, and, by a Minute under their Hands, in the Book of Sederunt, shall ascertain the Sum to be allowed the Trustee in Name of Commission, and likewise the nett Proceeds ofsthpjvftate recovered, at the Expiration of the said Ten Months; which, after making a reasonable Deduction tar contingent Expences,

7*9

First Dividend,

to be advert tied

if Objections nude,

Deposit'on to be made in Bank.

Court of Session, to determine Questions relative to objected Claims, Lc.

Shares not called for de-polited.

Second Division, See.

C. 137. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

pence#, shall be considered as belonging to the Creditors who ba*e produced their Claims and Grounds of Debt, and Oaths of Verity, i prior to the Date of the said Minute ? and the Trustee shall be obliged, within the Space of One Calendar Month after the Expiration of the said Ten Months, to make up a State of the Debts entitled as besot* to a Share of the said First Dividend, calculating Interest on each ap to the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Seqoeftiw- tion, with a Scheme or Call apportioning the Fund of Dmfiott among them, with the Deduction already mentioned, according to their due Order of Ranking; and the Trustee shall also, at the Tama time, make up a State of the Funds belonging to the Bankrupt still unrecovered, and of the Money remaining in Bank, after Deduction of the Sum so to be divided, which Scheme and State shall lie open for the Inspection of the Creditors, or their Agents, in the Trustee's Hands, for the Space of One Month longer, at the usual Place where the Trustee's Business is carried on 5 and on the first lawful Day after the Expiration of One complete Year from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeilratieo, the Dividend shall be paid, and the Trustee shall give One Month's* previous Notice thereof, by Advertisrment in the Newspaper aforesaid; and by putting into the Post Office of the Place where he-resides, printed Notices addressed to each Creditor claiming on the Estate, which Advertisement and printed Notice shall also bear, that the State and Scheme lie in his Hands for the Inspection of the C*- ditors; and in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected in Whole or in Part, or their Place in the Ranking disputed, or other Objection shall be made to the Scheme, as drawn out by the Trustee, a Share of the Fund, corresponding to the utmost Amount of the Sums or Dividends to which the disputed Articles may he-i entitled, and to any contingent Expences which the Trustee^ with. Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners named by the Credit* as aforesaid, may think reasonable, shall be left in the Bank -or Banking House where the Monies were deposited as aforesaid, till such Questions lire determined, either by Arbitration or Compromise, or by the Court of Session; and the said Court is hereby authorized and required to determine the same summarily, upon the Application of the Trustee, or of any other Party interfiled; jLud when any such Application is made, it shall be competent for any Creditor to produce his Interest, and to have his Debt prosed and constituted, if necessary, without raising a separate Action for the Purpose 5 and if, in the Event of such Question, the said Sum,; or any Part of it, shall remain unapplied to the Debt or Debts for which it was claimed, the same shall go into the Fund for subsequent Distribution 5 and the Shares of Creditors not called foe at the time of Distribution shall again be forthwith deposited as before, on their Rilk, at such Interest as can be got for the same.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That within Ten Days after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Date of the Firil Dc.'iver ance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Commissioners or the Majority of them shall in like manner audit the Trustee's Acqouqu wV; the Bankrupt's Estate, and by a Minute under their Hands in the -Book of Sederunt shall ascertain the Trustee's Commission; and the/. Trustee shall, 'within One Calendar Month after the said Sixteen: Months, -make up another Scheme of Division of the Sups ftcowrd

' "among

A<D. rS 14. 54 GEO. III. C. 137. - 7*

among the Creditors who shall then have produced th^ir Interests and Oaths of Verity as before, with new States of the Bankrupt's Out-standing Funds, and of the Sum remaining in the Bank, it any be, which shall in like manner remain open for Inspection during One Month longer, at the Expiration whereof, or on the first lawful Day* thereafter, the Dividend shall be paid, after the like previous Advertisement and printed Notices, being exactly at the Distance of Eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid: and if any of the Debts are objected to, the Procedure above mentioned shall be followed out, and the like Procedure shall be followed out at similar Intervals of time thereafter, to the Effect that a Dividend may be made at the End of every Six Months, until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt are collected and distributed among hi* Creditors: Provided always, that after the Second Dividend is made, a Majority of the Creditors in Value, at any General Meeting called for the Purpose in manner before specified, may determine that future Dividends shall be made after a shorter Interval, and the Affairs of the Trust brought to a more speedy Close; and even before the Period assigned for the First Dividend as aforesaid, it shall be competent to Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value piefent at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt's Examination, or at any After Meeting called for the Purpose, to dire# the Tmftee to apply for the Authority of the Court "of Session to make the First Dividend at an earlier Period than the End of the Ftfft Year, but not earlier than Six Months from the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid, if upon Cause shewn it shall be found expedient so to do, and also to accelerate the time for making the Sttoftf hnd other Dividends; and in case there be any Failure to ntitfke fetch Dividends in the manner hereby directed, it shall be compact fdr any One Creditor either to apply by Petition to the Court of Session to have the Trustee removed, or to require him to call a General Meeting of the Creditors to deliberate what Course shall be taken 5 and no Creditor shall draw any Share of the different Distri- No Share of buttons, ' unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof, Dividend drawn shall have been lodged with the Trustee previous to the respective G*un<* times before mentioned when the Dividends are ascertained by the Produce*Commissioners, but he shall be entitled in the next Distribution'i

which happens after the Grounds of Debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the first of the remaining Fund of the Bankrupt Estate, a Sum equal to the former Dividend or Dividends on hi*

Debt, with Deduction of the Interest obtained on the said Dividends, which i3 to be retained by the Trustee for the common Behoof, on account of the Creditors Delay, unless there shall be sufficient Funds for the Payment of all the Creditors, in which Event the said Creditor shall also ultimately receive full Payment of his Debt; and in Preferences to making up the said Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on, which continues be-are entitled to a Preference by the Law of Scotland, not altered by fore* tfcfls Act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in all Questions upon this Act, Debts claimed Persons to whom the Debtor is under Obligation to pay Money at a certain future time, shall be accounted Creditors de presenti for the Ateount or the Money, discounting the Interest to the Term of Payment specified in the Obligation, and may prove their Debts in the ' 54 GlO. III. 3 A fame

AJ>.ltl4r

1 % X C. 137. 54 GEO. III.

Contingent

Debts.

Mode of settling Intcrett.

Securities on Bankrupt Estate deduced from Amount of Claim.

Creditor obtaining Payment from Eft ate after lull De-

same way as other Creditors, and shall be entitled to their rateable Dividends accordingly*

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That where a Claim it eoQertd, bja Creditor upon any Obligation, the Exidence or.Amount of winch depends upon a Contingency which is dill unafoertaioed at the P*rio4 of lodging the Claim, the Trudee shall rank the Claimant at if tbt Condition were purified; but the Dividend or Sum which the would be entitled in that case to draw, shall again be deposited in the Bank or Banking House appointed by the Creditors as before, or lent out on Heritable Security by the Trudee at the Sight of the Claimant, at such Rate of Intered as can be got for the same, and the Intered thereupon aridng shall belong to the Creditors and be included tn the Fund for their Dividends, until the Contingency upon which the Obligation depends shall be declared, when the Dividend fa depe* sited shall belong to the Claimant, or the other Creditors, according to the Terms of the Obligation.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Mode of settling Intered qpon Claims shall be as follows; namely, the Principal Sum of each Debt on which Intered is chargeable, together with the bygone lir tered due upon it, if there be any, shall be accumulated as at the Date of the said Fird Deliverance, for the Purpose of the Chfhnaiit being rauked and receiving his Share of the Fird Dividend corrcC ponding to such accumulated Sum, along with the Principal Sums pjf such Debts as do not bear Intered, or from whiph there may' be a Discount of Intered, as not being exigible till an after Period; an4 the Second and other Dividends shall in like manner be applied in JEx; tin&ion pro tanto of the Sums then ranked, without cougtjqg Io* tered upon them, from the Date of the said Fird Deliverance; out it there be any Rfidue left of the fequedrated Funds, after> difphaiCTg the whole of such Claims, the Creditors shall also be entitled to cLihb out of such Residue any Arrear of Intered which may di}l be dap t$ them, as arising fmee the Date of the said Fird Dehyeraope^opopt thq respective Sums ranked and dated as before mentioned* k

L. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Creditors shallhoU any preferable Security or Lien for Payment of his Debt, ohtajncj prior to the Date of the Fird Deliverance on the Petition for Seqpeft? ration, and not set aside by this Act, upon any Part of the Bankrupt'* Estate or Effects, the Amount or Value of such Security or Lien dial} be deduced from his Debt, and he shall be ouly ranked and draw a Dividend for the Balance after such Deduction; and if any Dispute shall arise about the Value of such Security, the Creditor or Claims ant shall upon Oath put a Value upon it, and the Trudee witfi Coa-currence of a Majority of the Commissioners shall then have ao Optica either of taking an Alignment to the Security for the Benefit of the Creditors at large, on Payment of the Value so estimated, out or she fird of the Common Fund, or of reserving the full Effect of it to thq Creditor or Claimant himself; and in either case the Creditor or Claimant shall be ranked on the divisible Fund for the Balance of his Debt so ascertained alongd with the other Creditors, such Creditor or Claimant being in no Event entitled to draw more than His ful^ Payment*

LI. And be it enacted, That in case any Creditor (h^, after the Fird Deliverance on the Petition for SeqocdraUQn, obtain any iqgal on: voluntary Preference or Payment on or out of any E&a^QCiSub-

I jeet

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

C.I37-

7*3

Je6t belonging to the Bankrupt, directly or indirectly Situated without the Jurisdiction of the Court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the Trustee for Behoof of the Creditors, before he c*n di*w any Ditidend out of the Fund in the Hands of the Trustee; and he shall in all Events be liable to an Action before the Court of Sdhoti, at the Instance of the Trustee, to communicate the said Security or Payment in so far as the Jurisdiction of the Court Can reach him; he being always entitled to Indemnification of hia necessary Expences, and to an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Stun recovered to the sequestrated Eft ate.

LII. And be it enacted, That the making Production of the Ground of Debt or certified Account, with the Oath of Verity aforesaid, in the Hands of the Interim Factor, Sheriff Clerk or TYnftee or in the Court of Session, shall have the same Effect as to interrupting Prescription of every Kind, from the Period of such Production, as if a proper Action had been raised on the said Glands of Debt against the Bankrupt, and against the Trustee.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing shall Specify every Security he holds for his Debt, whether on the Estate of the Debtor or other Obligants, and shall swear that he bd/Ms rio other Security than is mentioned in his Oath, otherwise his Oath shall not be received by the Trustee as Sufficient, nor hia Claim be fnftamed; and the Oaths of Verity upon Debts required by this Act may be taken before any Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Pfcftce $ and where any Creditor is out of the Kingdom of Great Britain tmd; Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, fa kll such cases an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, Factor, Guardian brother Manager, taken in the same manner, shall be Sufficient; btft which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Person afttng for him, shall not supersede the Necessity of bringing legal CVfefonce of the Debt, if the same is objected to as unliquidated, or Wfiferi? Evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case 5 and further declaring, that no Fee shall be paid by any Cre-ikttrt Wito? Clerk of Court, or any Person whatsoever, for an Oath Verity or Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Production of the Interest or Ground of Debt of any Creditor, unfWV the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain.

LfV. And be it enacted, That in case any Creditor shall be guilty oT folfe Swearing in any Oath to be emitted in pursuance of this Act, h^'fttafl Be liable to a Prosecution at the Instance of a Trustee, or any of the Cteditors and of His Majesty's Advocate, for Perjury, and shall hiSo forfeit to the Trustee, for Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Dividend* on his Debt.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Trustee may, on Behalf of the Creditors at large, with Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners lUfaie&fes aforesaid, compound and tranSaft, either by Submission or By pritafte Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may bate agrinft cithers, or ail Debts due to the Estate out of other Bankrupt "OUbjests, and likewise all doubtful Claims or Demands made ttgahift the Estate or Questions of Ranking and Pre&rence, and all cfc*it?neut Debts'and Annuities due to or by the Estate, the Value of Vebitdt it tnay be etfpedierit to settle in that manner, in order that a fthjft^IJittribUtion' nurir foouer take place. - j'.. j / -

3 A 2 LVI. And

liverance, to assign same to Tnift*e&e

Production of Grounds of Debt to interrupt Pre-feripdon.

Oath of Verity.

before whom taken.

False Swearing.

Perjury.

Trustee may enter into Submission or Compromilea. s

After a Year and Half, out* (landing Debts &c sold by Auction.

Surplus < f inslate, after Baviny Debt5, to Bankrupt.

Bankrupt may get personal Pro-te^non for t; n>ked time;

nut not after Period of Second Dividend, unlelV upon Cause shewn, kc.

In what case

Composition with Credirors allowed;

C. 137. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if, at the Expiration of One Year and an Half from the Date of the Sequest ration, any of the periotal Effects of the Bankrupt, or any Debt9, whether heritable or more, able, due to him, remain still unrecovered/it shall be in the Power of Fcfar Fifths of the Creditors in'Number and Value, convened at any General Meeting called for the Purpose, after One Advertisement Two Weeks previous to the Meeting, in the Edinburgh and Losi Gazettes^ to direct that such remaining Debts and Effects, and aHo any contingent or future Interest which the Creditors at large nay have in Dividends deposited in Bank, or lent out as afbmaid, be sold off by Public Auction upon Two Months' previous Notice published in the Edinburgh and London Gazettes, the Sale either to be in Whole or in Lots, as a Majority in Value of the Credkon shall direct.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Surplus of the Bankrupt Estate and Effects that may remain after Payments of his Debts; computing Interest thereon as aforesaid, and the Charges of ream* ing the Estate, and distributing the same, shall be paid or made over to him, or to his Assignees or Successors.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That at or after the First General Meeting of the Creditors, and at any time before the Period digued for the Second Dividend, it shall be competent for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Interim Manager or Trustee, and of four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, who have produced their Grounds of Debt, or certified Copies of their Accounts sal Oaths of Verity as before mentioned, to apply to the Court of Sdfan for a personal Protection from Diligence for such time as the Court shall think reasonable 5 and the same being once obtained nay be renewed within the same Period, if applied for in Name of the Bankrupt, with Consent of the Trustee alone, unless aay of d* Creditors oppose it, in which case the Consent of Four Fifths a Number and Value shall be required as before 5 Providing always, that, from and after the Period assigned for the Second Dividend, the Power of granting Personal Protestions under this Statute shall cease, unless upon Cause shewn to the Court, and Oath made, both by the Bankrupt and by the Trustee, that the Delays which have happened in making a final Distribution were unavoidable, and that every proper Step has been taken, and will continue on their Put to be taken, for winding up the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and brag* ing the Trust to a final Ciofe 5 and also providing, that after the Period of the Third Dividend, or Two Years subsequent to the First Deliverance aforesaid, the Power of granting Personal Pro* testions under this Act shall entirely cease, without Prejudice to a final Discharge, either upon full Payment, or as herein after directed.

LIX. And be it enacted, That in case at the Meeting held immediately after the Second Examination of the Bankrupt, or at any subsequent Meeting called by the Trustee with Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners, the Bankrupt or his Friends shal make a Proposal of Composition to the Creditors, and shall offer Caution to the Satisfaction of Nine Tenths of them, both in Number and Value, assembled at the said Meeting, for such Composition upon his whole Debts, as the said Nine Tenths in Number and Valm* so assembled shall think just and reasonable, the Trustee shall appoint another Meeting for the Purpose of deciding upon such Offer nr

Proposal

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 137.

1*S

Proptrial with or without Amendment, at the Distance of cot less than Three Weeks thereafter, and of which Meeting he shall give Notice by advertising the same Twice in the said Newspaper, and by putting into the Poll Office of the Place where he resides, printed Notices addreUed to each of the Creditors claiming on the sequestrated fbte, a Fortnight at lead before the proposed Meeting, specifying the Time and Place, and Purpose of the Meeting, but in the mean time he shall proceed in executing his Duty as Trustee, in the same way as if no such Proposition had been made; and if at the Meeting fa appointed it shall be the Opinion of Nine Tenths of the Creditors there afiTembled both in Number and Value, that the Oder should be accepted off a Report of the Proceedings relative thereto shall be forthwith made up by the Trustee, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Sequestration in the Court of Session, for the Approbation of the Court; and if the Court upon considering said Report, and hearing any Objections that may be dated by opposing Creditors,

shall nod the Proposition reasonable, and that the same has been afiented to, not only by Nine Tenths in Number and Value of the Creditors who attended by themselves, or others authorized by them, aft the Meeting iaft mentioned, but by Nine Tenths of all the Creditors who have: produced Grounds of Debt or Interests, and Oaths of Verity, an Act or Order shall be pronounced to that Effect, and the Bond of Caution, which mud be previously lodged in the Clerk's-Hands, shall then be given up to the Trustee for Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Expence attending the Sequestration being at the same time paid or provided for, to the Satisfaction of the Court, by the Bankrupt or his Friends, after which all Proceedings in the Sequestration shall cease, and the said Act or Order shall declare the Tmftee cxoncred, and the Bankrupt discharged, except as to the Eayment of the Composition.

LX. And Whereas it has too frequently happened that Sequest- Private mi;

' rattans have been obstructed, and much Expence, Litigation and collusive Agrss*

Delay, have been occasioned by collusive and ineffectual Plans of menu iUegri,

4.Composition concerted between the Bankrupts and particular Cre-

ditors f Be it enacted, That every Proposal or Agreement for

a Composition with individual Creditors, or to (top the Proceedings

in the Sequestration, other than as hereby expressly authorized and

allowed, shall be deemed illegal and void, and all Persons concerned

in them shall be liable to be complained of to the Court of Session,

at the Instance of any Party having Interest, and made answerable t

for ail> Consequences; and if it shall be proved that any Creditor

has privately accepted of a Gratuity, or higher Composition, for

ghring>his Concurrence to the Measures proposed on Behalf of the

Bankrupt or his Friends* he shall forfeit his Debt, and be liable in

Reftitutioa of what he has received, which shall go into the general

Bund of Division; and the Bankrupt himself shall, if required, make

Oath, that there has been no such Private Transaction or Compro-v

mise between him and any of the Creditors, and that he has used

no rtwirtS Influence with any of them to obtain their Concurrence.

UL1. And be it exuded. That in case no Proposal of Compofi- in what case fhnfjf made in the manner before specified, or in case the same, ri'lnan*eto when mack, become ineffectual, no other Proposal, of a funilar. B v k.u; -t 4-Naturo shall be atteoded to by the Trustee, or be of, ay, Effed^ lwWtd*

1 ml eft Proof is made that the same has been affcnted to by every

3 A 3 Creditor

7 26

C. 137.

54 GEO. III.

Creditor without Exception; but after thfc Period aligned lot the Second Dividend, it shall be lawful for die Bankrupt, with Co-cmrrence of the Trustee and Four Fifths of the Creditors in Nofahfcr and Value, to apply to the Court of Session by Petkkm, pnw that he may be held as finally discharged of all his Debts oantn&d before the Application for Sequestration; and this Petition beag intimated upon the Wall, and in the Edinburgh Gazette and Lmdu Gazette, the Court shall, at the Distance of not left than Thiee Calendar Months thereafter, resume the Consideration thereof, mi if no Objection is made, the Court may then pronounce an Act cr Order in Terms of the Prayer of the Petition; but if Appanage is made by any of the Creditors, objecting that the Dischargreugk not to be granted, on Account of the Bankrupt's not havingnot a fair Discovery and Surrender of his Estate, or that he has rtfuJed to grant a Disposition to the Trustee, as ordered by die Court, or has wilfully been absent from the Diets of Examination, or bribers guilty of any Collusion, or that his Bankruptcy did not arise horn innocent Misfortunes, or Losses in Business, but from cnlpdUe or undue Conduct, the Court shall judge of these Objections, and sftnr a Proof of them, if thought necessary, and shall either gnat or refuse the Discharge, or annex such Conditions thereto as the Nature and Justice of the case may require, the Bankrupt always taking as Oath before the Court, or upon Commission before the Sheriff, Wort the Act can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the Requisites of the Statute, and has used no undue Influence, nor had Recourse to any secret Compromise with his Creditors, or any of them, to obtain their Concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any such private Transa6lton between the Bankrupt and any of his Creditors, the same is hereby declared to >beuohnM and no Action shall lie upon any Bill or other Security granted is consequence thereof, the Person taking such Oath being affo fable in the Pains of Perjury, if convicted of having sworn falsely.

LXII. And be it enacted, That all Discharges granted to any dtt former All 1, Bankrupt under any preceding Act of Parliament, ant be affected by any thing contained in this present Act.

LXIII. And Whereas it may be reasonable that the Bankrupt should have some Allowance out of the Estate for fapporttag himfrlf and his Family while the Trustee may have Occasion for hi* Advance; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, present at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt's Examination, or at any after Meeting called for the Purpose, may authorize the Trustee, with Qorifat <3 the Commissioners, or any Two of them, to allow and pay tofocb Bankrupt, conforming to the Terms of this A A, from tme to time as they shall think fit, such Sum or Sums of Mooey, out of the Proceeds of his Estate, as they shall think proper, towards the Subsistence and Support of himself and Family till the Period afagsed for the Second Dividend, not exceeding Three Guineas fer Week from the Date of the Sequestration to the Period aforesaid, tad so u not to amount upon the Whole to more than Five Pounds fer Cent* of the net Produce of the Estate: Provided always* that no foci Allowance shall be given, if the Bankrupt has not kept* or (fad! got produce, such Book or Books as may enable the Creditors and Trustee to acquire a distinct Knowledge of his Affairs,

Perjury.

JVtfcharges un-

Allowance to Bankrupt.

Pruviso.

A.D. 1814.

y4' GEO. III. C. 137.

in

LXIV. And be it enacted, That in all cases under this Act, Creditors in where the Creditors are required to be counted in Number, any Number and Creditor whose Debt is below Twenty Pounds Sterling shall not co^ow be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value 5 and in the cases before mentioned of compounding with or discharging the Bankrupt, any Debt due to a Creditor who has a preferable Security or Lien upon the Bankrupt's Estate or Effects shall not be counted in the Value, but shall be lisd aside to the Extent of what may be ascertained as the Value of such Security or Lien, in the manner before directed, without Prejudice to his being counted in Number, if his whole Debt be not extinguished by such preferable Security or Lien, or to his being counted also in Value to the Extent of the Balance; and the same Rule shall be followed in the case of Partnership Debts claiming upon the Estates of Individual Partners.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Sederunt Book before men- Book of Scde-tioned shall contain a full Record of all Minutes of Meetings (which runt and shall be subscribed by the Prefes of such Meetings in the Sederunt Cpy lodged in Book), States of Accounts, and Schemes of Division, and another urt 0 e, on# Duplicate of these Minutes, States and Schemes, shall be subscribed bj the Trustee, and within Fourteen Days after the Lapse of One Year from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequestration in the Court of Session, to lie among the Records of the Court s and within Fourteen Day9 after the End of every succeeding Half Year till the Estate is finally divided, a similar Duplicate of the Proceedings in the said Book for the Half Year preceding shall be signed by the Trustee, and transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequestra-taon, to He among the Records of the Court; and Extracts of these Writings, signed by One of the Principal Clerks of Session, shall bear Evidence in all Courts of Justice; and the said Book of Sederunt, Book of Scde-and the Bankrupt's Books and Papers, and the whole other Papers runt, ftc. potent in the Trustee'a Hands, shall at all times be made patent to any Cre- to Creditors, dftor who desires to fee the same.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all Applications under this Act, Applications to which are directed to be made to the Court of Session, shall be made Court when to to either Division thereof when the Court is fitting, or to the Lord*, na<i* Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, or during any Recess of the Court, or when the Court is not fitting 5 and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall have the full Powers of the Court in ordering and Following out the different Steps of Proceeding required by the AA whue the Court is not fitting, excepting only that no Discharge shall be granted by the Lord Ordinary without the Authority of the Division of the Court to which he belongs.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Appeal shall be taken Corr, &c. to against any Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Session, or against mAe interim any Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills, in the Execution Order* m calc of this A A, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in Appeals,

time of Session, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, or during any Recess, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make such Orders, and direct such Proceedings, as shall appear to be necessary for preventing the Estate of the debtor from being embezzled, secreted, damaged or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant; and every Step may in the mean time be taken in the Recovery

3 A 4 of

r*

Other Creditors may concur.

Expence paid out of Fund. Bankrupt dying Sequestration to proceed.

Court may make further Regulations.

Sheriff and Stewart fyno-nimous.

Trustee amenable to Court.

Power to remove Trustee,

or accept of Resignation.

New Trustee named.

Trustee discharged by Court.

c. 137* 54? AJ>, i8, v

of die Bankrupt's Estate, and the Distribntion thereof, Upt p pot, repugnant or injurious to the Interest which the Party appealing by, the Appeal insists upon.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Petftion for Sequest. ration under the Authority of this Act is preicntedJ(it shall be competent for any other Creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the same, even without the Consent, or after the Death of ihfl Creditor or Creditors originally petitioning, and the Expence dib buried therein shall be repaid by the Trustee out of the first Money that comes into his Hands; and if the Bankrupt shall happen Ip die after the Petition for Sequestration shall be presented, the Proceedings under this Act shall, notwithstanding, be carried on and followed out to their Conelusion, as if he were in life.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session to establish such Regulations respecting the Forms of Proceeding as shall appear to be most proper for carry., ing this Act into effectual Execution, according to the true latent thereof, and to publish the same in any Act or Acts of Scdtruxty which shall be binding in so far as is consistent with this Act.

LXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases under this Act, where anything is directed to be done by the Sheriff Depute or Substitutr, or where any Mention is made of the Sheriff Clerk, or the Word County is used, it is hereby meant and intended that these Term* shall equally apply to the Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Stewart Clerk of any Stewartry in Scotland.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That the Interim Factor, Sheriff Clerk, and the Trustee and Commissioners or any of them, shall at all times be amenable to the Court of Session, by summary Application to that Court, to account for their Intromissions and Management, and to answer for their Condust, at the Instaoce of any Party interested; and in case it shall appear to the Court that such Application ought not to have been made, the Party complained of shall be entitled to his full Costs, to be either retained out of the Funds, or recovered from the Party complaining, as the Court shall direct; but otherwise the Court shall give such Directions in regard to Costs as they shall think fit; and it shall be competent at any time for One Fourth of the Creditors in Value to apply summarily to the Court of Session for having the said Interim Factor, or Trustee removed, upon Cause shewn 5 a Majority of Creditors in Value at any Meeting to be advertised for the Purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove or to accept of the Resignation of any Trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the Event of the acting Trustee'l Death, the next Trustee in Succession shall be entitled to act; and, upon Failure of the several Trustees originally named, by Death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any Two of the Creditors to apply to the Court of Session to cause a Meeting of the Creditor! to be held, upon due Advertisement, for choosing a new Trustee or Trustees in Succession; and in any of these cases the new'aftisg Trustee shall immediately call to account his Predecessors m Office, or their Heirs and Representatives, and shall be vefled with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as any former acting Trustee:

LXXII. And be it enacted, That when a final Division is m; de among the Creditors in any Sequestmion awarded under the Authority

729

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 137.

of this Act, or of the aforesaid recited Acts, or when a Trustee or Factor, named under the Authority of this or the said former A&e, intends to resign his Office, it mall be competent for him. to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, craving to be discharged of the Trull, and the Court shall appoint the Petition to be ad*

*ertifed in the Edinburgh Gazette, and, at the End of Fourteen Days from1 the Date of the Advertisement, if no valid Objection is Hated, and if the Court is satisfied that the Trustee has complied with the Regulations of the Statute, so far as they regard him, the Prayer of his Petition may then be granted; but if any Objection is Hated, the Court shall proceed to determine the same in a summary manner:

Provided always, that before making any such Application, the provisof Trustee shall make out a full State of his Accounts, and of the Situation of the Sequestrated Estate, and shall call a Meeting of the Creditors, of which at lead Four Weeks* Notice shall be given, by Advertisement inserted in the Edinburgh Gazette, and also by Letters through the Medium of the Poll Office, addressed to every Creditor who shall have produced their Claims and proved their Debts, intimating the Purpose of the Meeting, and also that the aforesaid State will in the mean time lie in his Hands for their Inspection.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed by A<^ jil)Cr all Judges in the most beneficial manner for promoting the Ends ferpreted, and to hereby intended; and that the same shall be construed to compre- extend to hend unmarried Women and Widows coming within any of the Women. Descriptions before mentioned, and also married Women carrying on Trade or Merchandize independent of their Husbands.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Rates or Duties imposed No Duty on by any Statutes upon Estates or Eftefts sold by Auction, shall be fcftate* ibid un-# exigible upon any Estates or Effects fold under the Authority of der this Act.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That upon the Expiration of Three Report drawn up Years after the Date of the First Deliverance, if the Affairs of the by Trustee. Bankrupt Estate shall not have been previously winded up, the Trustee shall draw up a Report shewing the Situation of the Estate and Hating the unclaimed Dividends, a printed Copy of which Report shall be sent to every Creditor who shall have proved a Debt upon the Estate; and within Two Months after the Expiration of the said Three Years from the Date of the First Deliverance, a general Meeting of the Creditors shall be called by the Trustee after Notice given by Advertisement in the Edinburgh Gazette and in the London Gazette, Fourteen Days before such Meeting, when the Creditors shall give such Directions as shall appear to them proper for the Disposal by Public Sale of any outstanding Debts or Effects, and otherwise, as they shall think proper in regard to the Situation of the Bankrupt Estate.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That after such Meeting shall have Period after been held, or after the Expiration of the Period when the same "'h'ch ^., occed* ought to have been held, it shall be competent for the Court, upon igsci.>U the Application of any of the Creditors, or of the Trustee, and after due Notice given by such Form of Publication as may be thought requisit?, to fix a reasonable time within which the whole Proceedings shall be finally closed; and the time so fixed being elapsed, if there be it further Application from the Trustee, or

any

' by

Estates sequest-rated under former Acts finally divided.

Commencement and Continuant* of Ad.

49 G. 3. feUxxiii.

C. 137, 138. 54 GEO. III. A.D. rtt4-

tiny of the Creditors, the Sequestration shall be considered as virtually at an End; but in case such Application shall in the mean time bave been made by any one concerned, the Court will judge according to circumstances what further Directions ought to be given, (d as within a ihort limited time to attain the Obyed in view.

LXXVII. And Whereas several Estates of Bankrupts which were sequestrated under the Authority of former Acts, have not been finally divided; Be it enacted, That such Sequestrations shall still subsist to the Effect of being proceeded iu and brought to a Con cl u (ion in the manner directed by this Act: Provided always, That every thing done in any such Sequestration prior to the passing of this A Cl, in pursuance of any such former Acts, shall remain valid and effectual; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Seven Years from thence and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act to enable the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improve* mem of the Passage across the Frith if Forth} called the Questtsferry % to carry the same into Execution..*

2jth July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, catted The Queensferiy, whereby it was enacted, that so soon as it fhiould be made manifest to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, that a Sum equal to One half of the estimated Expence neceflhry for carrying the said recited Act into Execution appearing from the Schedule thereunto annexed, and also equal to One Half of such further Sum as Should be required to make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who Should be found to have any Property or Right in the said Ferry, for the Purchases to be made from them in manner mentioned in the said recited Act, should have been subscribed or borrowed upon the Security of the Tolls or Duties thereby granted, it Should and might be lawful for the Barons of the said Court, and they were thereby directed, upon the Application of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands, of any Sum or Sums of Money specified therein not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Sums so subscribed f or borrowed, to be applied therewithby the said Trustees in carrying the said recited Act into Execution; And Whereas in purchasing the Property of the said Ferry, and in making the Improvements intended by the said recited Act, there have Deen expended the Sum of Thirty three thousand eight hundred and twenty fbur Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny, of which Sum, Thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight pence, have been paid by the Public, pursuant to

54 GEO. III.

C* ?3#

73*

to the said recited Act, and Twenty thousand two hundred and thirty eight Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny,

have been lent by Individuals: And Whereas in order to enable Boats to cross the said Ferry at all times of the Tide and with every Wind, and thus to complete the Improvements intended by the said recited Act, it remains to ered a Pier on the North Side of the Perry, at a Place called the Longcratg IJla*d> and another Pier on .* the South Side near the Park Wall of Barnbougle, the Seat of the Earl of Roseberry; the Erection of which Piers it is estimated will coll the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: And Whereas in order to encourage Individuals to contribute towards the further Sum which will be required in order to carry the said recited Act into Execution, it is expedient that One Half of the said Sum should be lent by the Public in manner herein provided May it therefore jpleafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so soon as it shall be made manifest to the Barons of the Court gu|n^of Exchequer in Scotland, that the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by Receiver other than and beyond the Sums mentioned in the said recited Act, General of shall have been subscribed or borrowed by the Trustees thereby Scotland, 'appointed upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby gratotea, to be applied towards enabling the said Trustees to carry the said Act into Execution, the said Borons of the Exchequer are hereby directed I tpon the Application of the said Trustees, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money in his Hands of the like Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the said Trustees, or such Part thereof as shall be from time to time required by the said Trustees towards carrying the said Act into Execution; and every Sum so paid by the said Receiver:

General shall be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that it provifa shall further be made manifest to the said Barons, that for every Sum so directed to be paid by such Warrant, a Sum equal thereto of the Money so subscribed or borrowed, shall have been deposited with the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or with the Bank of the British Linen Company, upon an Account to be opened for that Pnr-pose; and every Sum so paid upon any such Warrant shall be deposited therewith upon the same Account, and shall be drawn therefrom, and applied by the said Trustees to the Purposes of the said recited Act,

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Sum so to be paid Bond craned by the said Receiver General, shall be secured upon the Credit of the for Hum j.*ki [y Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Act, by a Bond or Ob- Receiver Gene-ligation, to be settled by the said Barons, and to be granted by the ralotScd*ntlr said Trustees or any Nine of them; and that the said Rates and Duties shall be chargeable with the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest thereof at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per tdnnumx from the time that the same shall have been paid by the said Receiver General to the said Trustees, and to become payable with fi^ch Interest, so soon as the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds tjQ be subscribed or borrowed by the said Trustees, with the Interest thereof, and all the Sums already borrowed on the Credit of the said JUtcs and Duties, shall have been satisfied and paid.

A.D. 18<4.

73

FurAer Power to Trustees to borrow Money.

Interest kept down and Sinking bund formed.

Acts construed together.

c.; 6. $ 8. ante.

1 3*14 0-3-(') c-S-

0.

5 7-

13 & 14 G. 3.

(!)c- 7*

j t 9c 16 G.'j.

; i.) c. 2.

C. 138, 139, 140. 54* GEOi IU.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the' (kid Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are herAy empowered, to borrow or direct to be borrowed, the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in whole or in separate Sums, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, in addition to the Sums which they are authorized to borrow by the said recited Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be obliged to keep down the Interest upon the Money borrowed under the Authority of this Act as well as the Money borrowed under the Authority of the said recited Act, and out of the Remainder of the said Toils and Duties, to pay and defray the Expense of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Works constructed under the Authority of the said recited Act, and the Salaries of their Officers, and other Expences attending the Execution thereof; and after paying and defraying all such Expenses to set apart the Remainder of the said Rates and Duties, in every Year, as a Sinking Fund, to pay off the Money so borrowed; and also the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to be received from the said Receiver General of Scotland, with Interest, in the manner directed by this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said recited Act; and this and the said recited Act shall be construed together, as if they had formed One Act.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by, way of Annuities.

[27th July 1814.]

CAP. CXL.

An Act to amend several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for granting certain Annuities.

[27th 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to such Persons as shall voluntarily subserthe

towards the raijitig a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and sixty five thousand Pounds, it is, among other things, enacted, That

upon the Demand of any Half-yearly Payment of wy Annuity ' under the said Act, unless the Nominee shall appear in Person,

a Certificate of the Life of such Nominee, if redding in the Kingdom of Ireland, shall be produced in the manner required by the said recited Act, in case the same shall be demanded, as in the said recited Act is mentioned; and that in case any Nominee shall be resident beyond the Seas, the Certificate of any One or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, given in manner required by the said recited Act, shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Payment of any such Annuity; And Whereas by another Act made in jne

Parliament of Ireland\ in the same Year, to explain and amerul ihe

' said first recited Act, certain Provisions were made for the Payment.

' of certain Annuities under the said Act in the City of London:

' And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, \n the ' Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His presentR^gil, fa-.....tituled

733

A.D. 1814. 54* GEOi m, C 140*141

titoled An Act for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to such Perfects as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a 4 Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and seventy five thousand Pounds, like Provisions were made with respect to the Annuities

granted under the said last recited Act as were made by the said Two first recited Acts with respect to the Annuities granted or made payable thereby: And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Imfoftions and Taxes therein particularly ex* 4 be applied to the Payment of the Interest of the Sums therein

provided for, and towards the D 'tfcharge of the said Principal Sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for other Purposes as are therein mentioned, certain Annuities were granted subject to all the Regulations, and Restrictions enacted, made and provided by the said recited Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that in case- where any Annuities under any of the said recited Acts are payable 1 in London, a like Power should be given to the Barons of the Exchequer in England as by the said recited Acts or any of them is given to the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland, in the cases in the said recited Acts mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlipnent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in c&fe at the time of any Demand made by any Person or Persons entitled to any Annuity granted under any of the said recited Acts, and made payable in London, of any Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity, the Nominee or Person on whose Life such Annuity shall be payable shall be resident beyond the Seas out of the United King* doni, and any One of the Barons of the Exchequer in England for the time being shall certify that upon Proof to him made (which Proof he is hereby authorized and required to take in a summary way) it doth seem probable to him that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given and Examination made without any Fee or Charge), the said Certificate being filed in the Office of the Person appointed to pay such Annuity in London, shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Payment of any such Annuity Half Yearly to the Person entitled to the same, in like manner as the Certificate of any Karon of the Exchequer is declared to be in Ireland, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to alter so much of an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Duties payable inrefped of killing of Game.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of AJfJftd Taxes, ' and for confofidating the same with the former Duties of AJfeJj'td 4 Taxes: certain Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act marked L. \ % ere grafted and made payable in respect of killing of \\ # ' - 4 4 Game s

19 & 20 G.3. < (I.) c. 2.

When Annuity payable in London and No* mine? resident Abroad, any Baron of Exchequer in England certifying that it is probable Nominee <s living, such Cenilkjt* sufficient Warrant for Payment.

S % O.3. c. 93.

Sch. L,

Duties in Sche- duloof 53 G.3. relating to Persons attiftiagin killing of Game to cesfetif AdiH-ance given to another who has obtained Certificate, flee.

Tea exported to British Plantations in America, <kc. without Payment of Duty, ftbje& to Regulations pre-ieribed by 41 G. 3- (U K.) c. 75. &c.

C. 141, 142. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1ll*.

Game; and it is exjpedifrnt that the find Du tie* ftrbutcl be altered

and amended in the Particulars herein after mentioned f |4ay it therefore pfeafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Of die same. That such of the Duties, Provisions and Penalties, contained in: the said Schedule of the said Act as relates to Persons aiding' or affixing or intending to aid or assist in the taking or killing of any G*mr, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, Landrail or Coney, in the manner herein after mentioned, shall, from and after the passing of thii Aft* severally cease and determine; provided that the Act of aiding and assisting as aforesaid, and in the said Act mentioned, shall be done in the Company or Presence and for the Use of another Person who shall duly have obtained a Certificate in his own Right, according to the Directions of the said Act, and who therein shall by virtue of such Certificate then and there use his own Dog, Gun, Net or other Ed-: gine, for the taking or killing of such Game, Woodcock, Snipe*1 Quail, Landrail or Coney, and who shall not aft therein by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to the British Colonies in America, Guernsey, Jersey, Europe and Africaf without Payment of Duty.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Customs and Excise on Ten taken 1 4 W out of the Warehouses of the United Company rf Hefchioti of England trading to the East Indies are by the Laws fiotv ia forte allowed to be drawn back on the Exportation of such Tea to thr British Plantations or Settlements in America, ta thelftariduf Jersey and Guemfry, to Gibraltar, or to any Port dr Place Off the Continent of Europe, w here any British Confnl is reficfent for the Protection of Trade, or to Africa: And Whereas It is expedient to allow Tea to be exported to the said several Places without Ptyment of any Duties of Customs or Excise 5' Be it therefore esaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tfcti1 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the hmt 'J'hat, from and after the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful to export, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictax*, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures slave where the Came are expressly altered or controlled by this Act), contained, provided* settled or established in or by an Act made in the Forty tki Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to permit the Exportation ot Tea to Ireland without Payment bf airy Duty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned ot ttfetttd unto, to the British Plantations or Settlements ip Ap&rkt,qr Ae I Hands of Jersey and Guernsey, to Gibraltar > or to a?>y Port or flfce on the Continent of Europe where any Br'tiifh Coafui is or shall be resident, for the Protection of Trade, or to Africa without toymen* of any Duties of Culloms or Excise, any Tea which shall <*u or after the Day of the Commencement of the Tea Sale of the United

Com-

Mjfn*

ns

54*G$O.III. C. 142, 143.

Company of Men^kanti1 of England trading to the East Indies last pny ceding t^c passing of this Act, be sold at the Sales of the United Com. papy of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the said Rules, Regulations, RestriAion^, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeiture, shall be and the same respectively are hereby directed to be Uufli ^applied# practised and put in Execution on any such Export? atipa of Tea as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Rules, Regulations, Reftndious, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act; Provided always nevertheless, that the Bond for the Export* B^forJRjnioftr atioa of any such Tea to the British Plantations or Settlements in America, to the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey,* to Gibraltar, or to certilEtof any f^ch Port or Place on the Continent of Europe or to Africa % shall l, fxiii>g. bo conditioned to produce such Certificate of the Landing (or as the case.may require) to make such Proof as is mentioned or prescribed in or by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His 29 O.3. c. 59. profent Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and,

Jersey$ and tp Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America; and all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained, provided, let tied or; established in or by the said last mentioned Act shall also be used, applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect Exportation of Tea under or by virtue of this Act, so far as. licit Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions, Fines, Penalties of; jfoffoftures respectively are or may be applicable thereto.

JL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tea taken ont of Tes altered in any fitch Warehouse for such Exportation as aforesaid, or for Ex- Quantity or putftatyon 0 Ireland shall not be forthwith and without any unnecef- P^5^2ened' uryt&0kty9 and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, forfeited'bSf&uoried and -, puf on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same isjtitended ^o be exported, or in case the same or any Part thereof (hull.'healtered in Quantity, or the Package containing the same opefftdjpr broken after being debvered from or ont of such Ware. hnuff-and before Exportation, or if any such Tea shall be relanded afotr. the Shipping thereof, or shall after the Exportation thereof be brought back into Great Britain, then, and in every such case, such Tea; Aall be forfeited.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amend- i| and ftipporting the several Harbours and SeaPorts in the Man, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and.lor giving further Powers to the Commissioners appointed the foul Ad- [27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Rrf^n ttf His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repair* 4httj afiietodmjr'arid supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports Man; by which said Act certain Rates and Duties Wctt'iliredfed to he iwfod and levied for the Pfcrpose of repairing

i11* 11J jiLj I 'i.'> i j i 1'.; i

; nrO;

11 0.5' e-5*-I a -

54 GEO. in A.D. 1814.

Rates to eeafe.

kste> crpn<*d l; Act levied.

Rates under Cctnmissioneri appointed by 11 G.3. 0.5a.

Commissioners making l>yc-JLaws to regulate piloting of VefieU, kc.

and keeping i Repair, and {importing the fevers! Harbour* of the said Istand: And Whereas the said Rates and Duties hare been found inefficient for maintaining the said Harbours, and the same are

likely to fall into Decay unless further Funds are provided for the fame and the Purposes of the said Act; and it is also expedient to

give further Powers to the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most. Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Rates and Duties and Impositions granted or made payable by the said recited Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer due or payable, and indead and in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid for the Purposes of amending, repairing, keeping in Repair and supporting the several Harbours of the said island, the several and respective Rates, Duties and Impositions specified and set forth in the Schedule to this A A annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties and Impositions hereby granted shall be raised, levied, col-lcfted and paid, applied and disposed of, in the same manner, and under and subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby repealed 5 and for that Purpose that all Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act relative to the said Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby repealed, shall be in as full Force and Effect with respect to the several Rates, Duties and Impositioos hereby granted, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were efpe. cially contained and re-enacted in this present A6L

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby granted shall be under the Management and Controul of the Commissioners for the time being appointed from time to time to put in Execution the said recited Act, who shall have all the same Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges and Immunities with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and in canjing into Execution this present Act, as they had or have with respect to the Duties hereby repealed, and in carrying into Execution the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or the major Part of them (of whom His Majesty's Receiver General in the Isle of Man, or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be one), in Addition to the Powers to make Bye-Laws given them by the said recited Act, are hereby empowered and authorized to make such Bye-Laws, Orders and Regulations from time to time, and to annex such reasonable Penalties as they in their Discretion shall think fit, to regulate the piloting of Vessels in the Bays and into the Harbours of the said Istand, and to prevent any Person from acting as Pilots there, who shall not Ijave undergone a regular Examination before such Persons as the said Commissioners shall judge most competent for the Purpose, in order to insure the Pilots being duly qualified to take Charge of Ships and Vessels entrusted to their Care, fbi the Purpose of being piloted in the Bays and into the Harbours, of the said Istand; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, are hereby further empowered to make such Bye-Laws,

1

A.D. 1814> 54 GfiOUI. C. 143. 737

Orders and RtgubtttfMp, with, reasonable Penalties annexed thereto, at they shall think effectuak for preventing, the Danger which arifea to Vessels navigating the Coasts of the said Istand, from Limekilns and other Lights kept up on the Shores of the said Island' without Efficient Screens or Blinds, being*, erected pr made or; kept thereto, so as to prevent the same being leen at Sea, in such manner as to raif-lead die Mailers and Pilots of Vessels, so as such several Bye-Laws, Orders, and Regulations Be made agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, and.be for the better putting in Execution and effecting the Purposes thereof, and for the more safe and convenient Navigation of the Bays, Harbours and Coasts of the said Island.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of HARBOUR DUTIES on Ships and Vessels, Goods, "Wares and Merchandize arriving at and imported into the Isle of Man; and the Rates to be annually paid on all Boats and Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery on the Coasts thereof.

For-every British Ship arriving in Ballad For every Do. - Do. laden, but not breaking Bulk

For every Do. - Do. breaking Bulk or discharging

For every Do. - Do. repairing, in Addition to the

above Sums -

JFor every Foreign Ship arriving in Ballast

laoen but not breaking Bulk breaking Bulk or discharging,

For every Dp. - Do.

For every Do..-- Do.

U #ition, -

Fpf ?yery, Do. - Do. repairing, in Addition to the above Sum.

For all Foreign Ships anchoring in any of the Bays of the*f^id Ule -

Upon al( Spirits imported per Tun of 250 Gallons Upon; all Wine Do. per Do. of Do.

Upon all Tobacco Do. per Hogshead Upon all Tea Do. per Hundred Weight.Upon all Coffee Do. per Do.

Uppn all Refined Sugar Do. per Do.

Upon all Goods Do. the above rated Goods excepted, direct from Great Britain or Ireland, per Centum ad valorem -

Upon all Goods Do. from any other Port or Place per Do., Upon all Boats or other Vessels employed in the Herring t - JFifhery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man, the annum

Sum of -

/. d.

0 2 per Ton.

o 3 per Ton. O 4 per Ton.

o of per Ton. o 4 per Ton. o 5 per Ton.

o 4 per Ton.

o 3 per Tom

per Ton.

10 o 20 o

15 o

each.

'-it

3 B 1 C AT-

73

C. 144.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

Commissioners of Stamps to supply Insurance Brokers in London with Blank starrped Paper, for Contra dts of Insurance.

35 G. 3. c. 63.

Bonds for securing Duties on Polities, Security for Duties on Comradts.

Contracts dated when ligned by Underwrite! $.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for better securing the Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances made in London; and for altering the Period for taking out Stamp Office Certificates by Attornies and others in England.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS a great Proportion of the Business of Sea InfuVV ranees in London is transacted at Lloyd's in the Royal Exchange, and a practice hath prevailed there of using undamped Slips

of Paper for Contrafts or Memorandums of Insurance, previously

to the Insurance being made by regular damped Policies, as the Law requires, for want of time to nil up such Policies in the first Indance: And Whereas damped Policies are oftentimes neglected to be used afterwards, whereby the Revenue is defrauded, and heavy Penalties are incurred by the Underwriters, and by the Brokers or others effecting such Insurances; and it is expedient to make further Provisions for preventing the said practice, and for better securing the Duties as well as for facilitating the Butinefe of Insurance in London; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to supply Brokers and others carrying on the Business of Insurance in London with Blank Paper of a convenient Size, duly damped as the Law requires for Policies of Insurance, for the Purpose of offering Contrafts of Insurance thereon, to such Amount as the Duty denoted by the Stamp or Stamps on such Blank Paper will cover; and such Blank damped Paper shall be supplied free of any Charge for the Paper, either for ready Money for the Duty, or on Credit, in the manner directed with regard to printed Policies of Insurance, by an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances; and if supplied on Credit, the Duty shall be secured and paid in the same manner and at the same times as the Duties on printed Policies are by the said Act directed to be secured and paid; and all other the Regulations of that Act concerning the Supply and Delivery of printed Policies shall be observed with regard to the blank damped Paper hereby directed to be supplied.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds heretofore given by Brokers or others for securing the Duties on printed Policies supplied on Credit pursuant to the said Act, and which shall be in force at the time of puffing of this Act, shall Aand and be a Security for the Duties on the blank stumped Paper which shall be supplied to them on Credit, in pursuance of this Act, as well as for the Duties on the said printed Policies.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Contract of Insurance to be made on such blank damped Paper as aforesaid, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be signed by the Underwriters; and if the same shall be signed on different Days by different Underwriters then the same shall be dated so as to shew what Underwriters

signed

A.D. 18t4-

54 GEO. III. C. 144.

739

signed on each Day; and in Default thereof the Broker or other Person effecting the Insurance, and also every Underwriter sinning any such Contract without the proper Date, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Pennlty. cessors, and to be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Contract of Insurance Contracts to to be made on such blank stamped Paper as aforesaid, shall contain cont.*in Pnrticu-and specify (besides the Date or Dates when signed as aforesaid) the ll'r?, or vo, d* Name of the Ship, with reference to which the Insurance shall be

made (unless it shall be upon (C Ship or Ships") the Voyage or Risk to be insured against, the Premium or Consideration for the Insurance, the thing insured, and also the Name or Names, or the usual Style and Firm of dealing of one or more of the Persons inte-relied in the Insurance, or in lieu thereof the Name or Names, or usual Style and Firm of dealing of the Consignor or Consignors,

Consignee or Consignees, of the Goods or Property to be insured, or the Name or Names, or usual Style and Firm of dealing of the Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, who shall receive the Order for and effect such Insurance, or of the Person or Persons who shall give the Order or Directions to the Agent or Agents immediately employed to negociate or effect such Insurance; and in Default thereof the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Contract of Infu- Cor, traU to ranee being duly damped, and containing the Particulars aforesaid, bind Underwri- % shall not only be obligatory on the Underwriters to subscribe a regular ters toiuhi'ctib* stamped Policy of Insurance in lieu thereof to the same Amount on ?0'cles/or the same Property or Interest, and for the same Voyage or Risk, and vailTbl^tf when thereunto required, by or on the behalf of the Insured, and ^lfo no Policy in

to date their respective Subscriptions on the same Day as the Con- lieu, tract before signed by them, but shall also be available as a competent Instrument of Insurance, in case a regular Policy shall not be underwritten in lieu thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Broker or Commissioners other Person having effected a Contradf of Insurance on such blank to allow for stamped Paper as aforesaid, shall deliver up the same to the Com- Stamps on Commissioners of Stamps to be cancelled within One Calendar Month tracts, on Pro-after the Date of the last Subscription thereon, and shall at the same

time produce to them a regular stamped Policy of Insurance under- thereof, within a written in lieu thereof by the same Persons to the same Amount on Month: the same Property or Interest, and for the same Voyage or Risk in all respects, the said Commissioners shall allow to the Broker or other Person so delivering up the Contract to be cancelled, the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon, in other Stamps for Contracts or Policies of Insurance.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Allowance of the Although Poli-Stamp Duty shall be made, notwithstanding the Policy underwritten, ciesnnv vary in lieu of any such stamped Contract as aforesaid, shall contain Matter froin Contracts explanatory of the Contract, or shall vary therefrom in consequence in cc't:, m re* of any, Error or Mistake in the Contract, whereby the Insurance '* really intended shall not have been effected, or in consequence of the

Terms and Conditions of the Insurance having been afterwards agreed to be altered; provided in the case of Error or Mistake, that satisfactory Proof shall be given thereof, and of the nature and circumstances

740

C. 144.

If Policies in lieu of Contracts are not sub-f ribed by all the Underwriters, Stamp Duty allowed in part.

In what case no Allowance made on Contracts underwritten beyond Duty.

Commissioners to make such Allowances for Stamps on Contracts, in other cases, as they are authorized to do on Policies, by c. 133. ante.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

fiances of the same; and provided in the case of any Alteration in the Terms and Conditions of the Insurance, that the Policy shall have been underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Rifle specified in the Contra6l, and that the thing insured shall remain the Property of the same Person or Persons.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a regular stamped Policy of Insurance shall be underwritten, in lieu of any such Contrail as aforesaid, by some only of the Persons who shall have underwritten the Contrail, by reason of the Refusal, or of the Death, Bankruptcy, Insanity or Absence of the others or other of them, then upon the Contrail being delivered up as aforesaid, and on the Production of the Policy underwritten in lieu thereof, within the said One Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make an Allowance in the manner aforesaid, for the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Contract, except so much thereof as shall be due for or in respect of the Sum or Sums underwritten on the Contract, and not transferred to the Policy; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that any legal Proceedings are intended to be instituted, by or on the behalf of the Insured, in respect of any Sum or Sums underwritten on the Contract, but not transferred to the Policy, which may require the Production of the Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to canoel, and expunge the Stamp on the Contrail, and to substitute another Stamp, for denoting only the Duty payable in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the Policy, and thereupon to redeliver the Contract to the Insured, or his or their Broker or Agent.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Allowance as aforesaid shall be made in respect of any Contract of Insurance, which shall be underwritten to a greater Amount than the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, unless it shall be proved to have been done inadvertently, and a regular stamped Policy shall be made out, and be underwritten in full, or in Part, in lieu thereof, within Three Days afterwards, and Application shall be made for the Allowance within Seven Office Days after the Date of the last Subscription on the Contract.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to make such and the like Allowances of or for or in respect of the Stamp Duty, on such blank stamped Paper as aforesaid, where the same shall happen to be spoiled, without being signed by any Underwriter, and also where regular stamped Policies shall not be underwritten in lieu thereof, in the cases of greater or less Sums being underwritten thereon than the Stamp Duty will cover, and in the cases of Insurances made conditionally subject to the Approbation of the Insured, and in the cases of no Rilk, no Interest, and short Interest respectively, as in and by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Insurance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto, they the said Commissioners are or shall be authorized to make, of or for or in respect of the Stamp Duty on regular Policies of Insurance, in the like cases respectively, and upon such and the like Terms and Conditions in au respects and not other wise.

A.D. 1814.

74

54 GEO. III. C. 144.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions Provisions of

and Regulations, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained.

in and imposed by the Act of the present Session of Parliament cfcs^extendedTu above referred to for facilitating the Allowance of Stamp Duty on Controls. Policies of Insurance in the cases therein mentioned, and for examining and substantiating the Claims to such Allowances, and for preventing Frauds and punishing Offences relating thereto, shall be exercised, observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, with regard to such Contracts of Insurance as aforesaid, and to the Allowance of the Stamp Duty thereon in the cases herein specified, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein inserted at length and specially enacted, with reference to such Contracts of Insurance.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Allowances ta

Allowance of Stamp Duty on Contracts or Policies of Insurance Persons supplied shall be to be made, either as Principal or Agent or Broker, in pur- on Credit, de-fuance of this or any other Act, shall Hand indebted to His Majesty from

for Stamps supplied on Credit in pursuance of this Act, or of the e ts' aforesaid Act of the Thirty fifth Year of Elis Majesty's Reign, it

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to write off the Amount of such Allowance from the Sum then due and owing from him, instead of delivering Stamps for the same.

XIII. And Whereas it is expedient to alter the Period (a) now fixed for Attornies, Solicitors and others in England, to take out their annual Certificates, and pay the Stamp Duty thereon Be it therefore further enacted, That all Attornies, Solicitors, Prodlors, Alteration of Notaries Public and others, who by the Laws in force would be Period for At-bound to take out stamped Certificates, and pay the Duty thereon attornies, kc. to the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex annually, between the First take out annual Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term following, shall ertl cates* in future take out such Certificates and pay the Duty thereon, and do all other Acts necessary for that Purpose, annually between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Sixteenth Day of December in each Year 5 and in Default thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the same Penalties, Forfeitures and Disqualifications, as they would have been under the Laws now in force for not taking out such Certificates within the Period first above mentioned.

(a) [See 37 G. 3. c. 90. 26.- G. 3. c. 59.  I.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates which shall ReguUtion for have been taken out by such Attornies, Solicitors, Prodlors, Notaries of Cer-Public and others as aforesaid, and which would under the Laws in ^hc, nesnd force cease and determine on the First Day of November One thou- OIltinuance' sand eight hundred and fourteen, shall continue in force until the Fifteenth Day of the same November inclusive; and that, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all Certificates which shall be taken out between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Sixteenth Day of December in any Year, by Attornies, Solicitors, Proctors, Notaries Public and others, hereby required to take out the same within that Period, shall be dated on the Sixteenth Day of November; and all Certificates which shall be taken out by any such Persons at any other time shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and all such Certificates respectively shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Fifteenth Day of November following, both inclusive, and no longer.

3^3 by

Attainder except for Hi; h

Treason, &c. not to extend to ditinheriting any Heir, &c.

Form of Sentence in case of Hi^h Treason.

His Majesty may alter tien-tence.

742 C. 145, 146. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

CAP. CXLV.

An Act to take away Corruption of Blood save in certain Cases.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make such Provisions by Law as are herein after contained; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Attainder for Felony which shall take place from and after the passing of this Act, save and except in cases of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crimes of Petit Treason or Murder, or of abetting, procuring or counselling the same, shall extend to the disinheriting of any Heir, nor to the Prejudice of the Right or Title of any Person or Persons other than the Right or Title of the Offender or Offenders during his, her or their natural Lives only; and that it shall be lawful to every Person or Persons, to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, after the Death of any such Offender or Offenders should or might have appertained if no such Attainder had been, to enter into the same.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act to alter the Punishment in certain Cases of High Treason.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS in certain cases of High Treason, as the Law now stands, the Sentence or Judgment required by Law to be pronounced or awarded against Persons convicted or adjudged guilty of the said Crime, in such cases is, that they should be drawn

on an Plurdle to the Place of Execution and there be hanged by the Neck but not until they are dead, but that they should be 1 taken down again, and that when they are yet alive their Bowels

should be taken out and burnt before their Faces, and that after-

wards their Pleads should be fevered from their Bodies, and their

Bodies be divided into Four Quarters, and their Heads and Quarters

to be at The King's Disposal: And Whereas it is expedient in the said cases of High Treason to alter the Sentence or Judgment now required by Law; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases of High Treason, in which, as the Law now stands, the Sentence or Judgment ordained by Law is as aforesaid, the Sentence or Judgment tt> be pronounced or awarded, from and after the passing of this Act, against any Person convicted or adjudged guilty shall be, that such Person shall be drawn on a Hurdle to the Place of Execution, and be there hanged by the Neck until such Person be dead; and that afterwards the Head shall be fevered from the Body of such Person, and the Body divided into Four Quarters, shall be disposed of as His Majesty and his Successors shall think fit.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That in case His Majesty or his Successors shall so think fit, His Majesty or his Successors, after such Sentence or Judgment shall be pronounced or

A.D. 1814.

743

54 GEO. III. C. 146, 147.

awarded, may by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, declare it to be his or their Will and Pleasure, and may direct and order that such Person as aforesaid shall not be drawn, but shall be taken in such manner as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, to the Place of Execution, and that such Person shall not be there hanged by the Neck, but that in (lead thereof the Head shall be there fevered from the Body of such Person whilil alive, and in such Warrant may direct and order how and in what manner the Body, Head and Quarters of such Person shall be disposed of; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or other Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be ad-dressed, and whom it shall concern, to carry the same into Execution accordingly.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licensed Hackney Coaches; for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Coaches; and for authorising the licensing of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS great Frauds are daily practised, by the Drivers of licensed Hackney Coaches, upon their Employers the Owners thereof, by concealing and witholding from them the fair and full Earnings of their Coaches, whereby the said Owners are rendered the less able to discharge the Weekly Rent due to His Majesty on their respective Licences: And Whereas no sufficient

Check hath yet been devised or enacted for the Prevention of such

Frauds: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it therefore enabled and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within One Month from and after the passing of this Act, Drivers of every Person who now is or shall hereafter be licensed by the Com- Hackney missioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the time?oaches to hav being, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep and let to hire^o/xi^kets" by Time or Didance, any Hackney Coach with Horses, Geldings marked is. and or Mares, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the is. 6d. Suburbs of the same respectively, and within the Parishes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which by any of the Laws now in force such Hackney Coachmen are compellable to go or to drive their Coaches,

shall (and he is so hereby directed), before he shall presume on any Oecaiion to drive or let to Hire, or cause to be driven or let to Hire his Hackney Coach, provide himself, or the Driver whom he shall employ, through the Means and under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and at his own Expence, a sufficient Number of Notes or Tickets, on which shall be printed His Majesty's Arms, together with the Words " Hackney Coach Office, " and the Number of his Coach or Chariot, together with the Name and Residence of the Proprietor and Driver of such Coach or Chariot, as also the Year and the Month, with Blanks left for the Day of the Month (to be afterwards, but before the same shall be used as herein after directed.

3 B

filled

744

A.D. 1814.

C. 147.

54 GEO. III.

Tickets delivered corresponding to Amount of Fare.

No Complaint heard without Production of Tickets.

Number of Coach maiked on Ticket to be Evidence.

Commissioners to appoint Printer for printing Tickets.

No other Person to print.

[Penalty.]

Printer to deliver Tickets to Persons producing Order of Commissioners,

filled up and supplied in Writing by such licensed Owner) on which such Coach shall be driven or let to Hire, and on some of which Notes or Tickets shall also be printed in Words or Figures, the Sum of One Shilling, and on others in Words or Figures the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any Driver (whether he be the Owner or not) of any such licensed Hackney Coach shall be entitled to receive or be paid the Amount of his Fare on any Occasion of his Coach being hired, he shall deliver (whether the same shall be required or not) to the Person (or if there shall be more than One in Company, then to One of such Persons), whom he shall have driven in his Coach, so many of such Notes or Tickets, so properly filled up, as shall or may by the Sum9 printed thereoo make up the Aggregate and full Amount of such his Fare.

III. And, for the better carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have hired any such Hackney Coach, shall be entitled to any Redress, or to be heard on any Complaint or Information which he may exhibit either before the said Commissioners, or before any Justice of the Peace, or other Person or Persons having competent Jurisdiction in such cases, under or by virtue of any Laws relating to Hackney Coaches licensed by the said Commissioners; whether any such Complaint or Information be for Exaction, or for Misbehaviour, or for any other Offence whatsodyer, unless he, she or they shall and do, previous to entering upon the hearing thereof, produce and shew forth to the Person or Persons so having competent Jurisdiction, before whom any such Complaint or Information shall have been exhibited, some One or more of the said Notes or Tickets which he shall have received, or might and ought to have received by virtue of this Act.

IV. And, for the better Security of the Public against the Inference and Exaction of Hackney Coach Drivers, and as an Encouragement to Persons hiring such Hackney Coaches to require and to receive the Notes or Tickets hereinbefore directed to be used, be it further enacted, That the Number of the Coach marked on such Notes or Tickets so to be produced on the hearing of any such Complaint or Information shall and may be received (where the Evidence as to the Number of the Coach may be otherwise defective), as auxiliary and corroborative, but not as indisputable and conclusive Evidence of Identity.

V. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby directed and required, by Deputation under the Seal of Office and Hands of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to nominate, appoint and employ such Person as they shall deem proper, being a Printer by Trade, to prepare and Print such Notes or Tickets as are hereinbefore 'directed to be used; and no other Printer or other Person whatever than the Person so appointed shall presume to prepare and print, or cause to be prepared and printed, any such Notes or Tickets, or the Semblance of such Notes or Tickets, under the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Printer so duly appointed shall not furnish or deliver to any Person or Persons whatever, any Note or Ticket, or Number or Parcel of Notes or Tickets, unlelt the Person or Persons applying to him for the Came shall produce

unto

54 GEO. III.

M7*

745

unto him an Order written or printed, and signed by the said Commissioners, or One of them, or by their Chief Clerk for the time being, whereon shall be written or printed the Number of the Coach for which the Notes or Tickets shall be required, together with the Quantity or Number of thfc Notes or Tickets so required; and he is hereby authorized and directed, upon the Production of such Order, to deliver to the Person or Persons producing the same, the Number of Notes or Tickets as expressed in such Order accordingly, and to charge for the same after such Rate as the said Commissioners shall direct for every Hundred; and if the Printer so duly appointed to penalty, prepare and print such Notes or Tickets shall deliver the same Notes or Tickets, or any Number or Parcel thereof, to any Person or Persons without the Production of such Order as hereinbefore directed, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Driver of Owner or any Hackney Coach, licensed by the said Commissioners or any other Driver Forging, Person, shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure &c* lickcU* to be faliely made, forged or counterfeited, any Note or Ticket, or

any Order for any Number of Notes or Tickets, by this Act authorized and directed to be used, or shall produce or shew or deliver any such false, forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket or Order, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, if he be the hired Driver of any Hackney Coach licensed by the said Commissioners for every Offence suffer as a Common Vagrant and be committed to the House of Correction; and every such Person so imprisonment. of Tending, being the Owner of an Hackney Coach licensed by the Owner, said Commissioners or other Person (not being the hired Driver only of such Hackney Coach) so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered penalty, and applied as herein after mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no imprisonment

Driver of any such licensed Hackney Coach committed to any Gaol n> more than or House of Correction for any such last mentioned Offence against Year, n.-r lei* this Act, shall be detained therein for any longer Space of time than tbaM^x One Year, nor for any less Period of time than Six Months. omu.

IX. And Whereas it will be for the Advantage both of the

Owner and Driver, that the regular Wages as and in manner here-

tofore paid to the Drivers of licensed Hackney Coaches by theO whers thereof should be altogether discontinued, and that another

Mode of Remuneration should be adopted, for such their mutual

Benefit Be it therefore further enacted, That the Driver (not Driver to ac-being the Owner) of every Hackney Coach licensed by the said Com- count to Emmissioners, on every Occasion of his Return home with his Coach, pl >ycr for and on being so required, shall account to his Master or Employer

for the whole Number of the Tickets which shall have been entrusted t^Wt^him to him by his said Master or Employer, by returning such as he shall and; n )jcu ot'not have had Occasion to use, as hereinbefore directed, and by Pay- Wages to eminent of the full Amount of such as he shall have regularly disposed du*1 2d*"r of, and for which he shall have received, or ought to have received, an every shlllinS Equivalent ih Money; and in lieu of Wages, and for his Ecourage-ment to be diligent and honest, and as a Compensation for his Labour and Trouble, he shall be entitled to dedud for his own use, or to receive and be paid by his said Matter or Employer, Two pence out

of

earned.

Allowance in created, &c.

Drivers not faithfully accounting: to Employers.

etulty.

Imprisonment.

Penalties not exceeding $1. how levied, ncc.

Penalties amounting to 50I. how levied.

Penalties hour disposed oh

C. 147. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

of every Shilling which he shall have earned, and shall account for in manner aforesaid; and it shall be Lawful for the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, to increase or diminish the Allowance of Two pence in every Shilling hereinbefore mentioned, from time to time, when and as they shall see fit and proper; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Driver as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to return, or well and truly and faithfully to account to his said Mailer or Employer in manner aforesaid, for every Note or Ticket which shall have been entrusted to him as hereinbefore dire died; then and in every such case he shall be liable to his said Master or Employer for the Amount of the Sum expressed upon every such Note or Ticket which he shall not properly account for or return, and shall besides forfeit a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under and by virtue of any Act of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, licensed by the said Commissioners, and for Nonpayment thereof shall suffer as a Common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction for a time not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures not exceeding the Sum of Three Pounds, and also all Punishments by Commitment to any Gaol or House of Correction, to be levied and recovered, suffered and inflicted under and by virtue of this Act, shall and may be levied, recovered and inffi&ed in such and the like Manner and Form, and by such Persons as by any Law or Laws now in force respecting Hackney Coaches Licensed by the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, and shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds or more, shall be sued for and recovered under the Direction of the said Commissioners, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 5 and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster> against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name of the Solicitor for the time being; or of some other Officer of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is or are in that behalf before mentioned, the same and every Proceeding thereupon had are hereby declared and the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and clifiributed, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof with full Colls of Suit to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

GoOOUlV. And

747

XIV. And Whereas under and by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 48 0.3. c. 87.

' His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes (a) taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches; it was provided, than an Hackney Coachman 

should be obliged and compelled to carry Four adult Persons inside

his Coach, and a Servant out side if required, at one and the same

time, and that he should not be compellable to carry above that

Number, but that if he should agree to take above that Number,

he should be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional adult Person whom he should so agree to carry, and should carry, One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or if he

should have been hired to drive into the Country, and should drive

thither, and there should wait, and should return with any such additional adult Person, he should be entitled to demand and receive

for every such additional adult Person whom he should so agree to carry, and should carry into the Country, and after waiting return with, One Shilling for going, and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as

to what shall be termed an Agreement to carry, and also as to the

Wrord Adult in the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That, from Number of Per-and after the passing of this Act, every Hackney Coachman may fons carried, refuse to carry more than Four adult or grown up Persons (and not being Children in Arms or Lap), in his Coach, and a Servant out-fide, at one and the same time, and shall not at any time be compellable to carry above that Number of such Persons; but if he shall agree to carry, or shall actually carry above that Number of such Persons in his Coach at one and the same time, he shall be entitled to demand, and to receive and be paid for every such additional Person, of whatever Age he or she maybe (not being a Child in Arms or Lap), whom he shall so agree to carry, or shall actually carry, One Shilling over and above the regular Fare, under the circumstances and as allowed by the said Act. (a) [SVr Title of the Act.-\

XV. And Whereas under and by virtue of Three several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of9 Ann. 0.23.

Her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh and in the Forty c

second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, ^c'24'

One thousand one hundred Hackney Coaches are authorized to be 42 G. 3. c. 78.

licensed to be employed within the Cities of London and Westmin- 1.

Jlery and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And Whereas it would contribute to the Public Convenience to reduce

the said Number of licensed Hackney Coaches, and in lieu of the

Number to be so reduced, to allow an equal Number of Hackney Chariots, to go or be driven for Hire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Par i flies and Places within which licenced

Hackney Coaches are now by Law compellable to go or to be

driven Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the parting of Commissioners this Act, the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Inay ^, cence 200 Coaches for the time being, shall have Power and Authority, and but

are hereby authorized and empowered, under their Hands and Seals, not l0 exceed in or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them from time Coaches and to time, as Opportunity shall occur by Vacancy in the Number of Chariots the

licensed authorized

Number of i, ico.

Chariots to pay "Weekly Sum of 5*-

Application of Money arising by Rents of Chariots.

Number of Performs carried in Hackney Chariot.

C. 147. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

licensed Hackney Coaches, and as and when in their Discretion they shall see fit, to license a limited Number of Hackney Chariots, so as the Number of such Chariots do not exceed at any one time the Number of Two hundred, and so as the Aggregate Number of Carriages, licensed or to be licensed by virtue of the said former Acts and this present Act (whether Coach or Chariot) shall not at any One time exceed the already authorized Number of One thousand one hundred: and that upon every One of the Licences so to be granted in pursuance of this Act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like respective Weekly Sums of Five Shillings, as is now payable upon any License granted before the passing of this Act for any Hackney Coach; to be paid from the Commencement of every such Licence during the Continuance thereof respectively, in like manner, and under like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions and Provisoes therein to be inserted, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the several Acts now in force relating to Hackney Coaches; and that the same Hackney Chariots so hereby authorized to be licensed, and the Persons to be licensed to drive or keep the same, shall in respect thereof have the same Rates and Benefits, and be subject and liable to all the same Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-Laws, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are and were lawfully prescribed in relation to any Persons licensed to keep or drive Hackney Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, before the passing of this present Act, and as are prescribed by this present Act (other than so far as the same is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to any thing in this Act contained, and other than in such cases for which different Provisions are herein prescribed); and that all Persons who shall presume to drive, or let to Hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Chariot, or Chariot Horses, or to carry any Person or Persons for Hire, in any Hackney Chariot within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as are or may be imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to Hackney Coaches.

XVI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all the Monies to arise by Rents of the said Hackney Chariots so hereby authorized to be licensed, shall be subject and applicable to the like Uses and Purposes, and under the like Penalties as the Rents upon Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Hackney Chariot Driver may refuse to carry more than Two adult or grown-up Persons (and not being Children in Arms or Lap) in his Chariot, and a Servant outside, at one and the same time, and shall not at any time be compellable to carry above that Number; but if he shall agree to carry or shall actually carry above that Number of such Persons in his Chariot at any one time, he shall be entitled to demand and to receive and be paid for every such additional Person (of whatever Age he or she may be, not being a Child in Arms or Lap) whom he shall so agree to carry or shall actually carry. One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or if he shall have been hired to drive into the Country, and shall drive thither, and there shall wait and shall

return

749

54 GEO. III. C. 147, 148.

return with any such additional or extra Person, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional Person whom he shall so agree to carry, or shall actually carry into the Country, and after waiting return with, One Shilling for going, and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- General Issue. fbns shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgment shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or be nonprossed therein, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs Treble Costs, awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act for imposing an Excise Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs sold by the East India Company for Home Consumption.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G. 3. c. 98. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties of Customs are imposed for every One hundred Tab.B.

Pounds of the Value of Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained,

painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses: And Whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 43 G. 3. c. 68. tuled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof \ it was enacted,

that, from and after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of*

Peace between His Majesty and the Republick of France, it should and might be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale, either for the Purpose of being worn or used in Great Britain or for Exportation,

any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of PerJJta, China or the East Indies^ that should have been or might thereafter be secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to the Duties by that Act imposed thereon; and that all such SilkHandkerchiefs on which such Duties should have been paid, should < and might be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to < sale therein, subject nevertheless to a Proviso in the said recited Act

contained, reftnfting the said United Company from felling or exposing to sale a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand Pieces in any one Year, for the Space of Three Years from and after the said Ratification, and directing that such*Fifty thousand Pieces should be of the usual Length, and of the*Sorts that should have been usually exposed to Sale: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Clause and Provisions should be

made

75

C. 148.

Silk Handkerchiefs imported by E. I. Company fold or worn in G. B.

Limitation of Quantity.

Duty of 25 per Cent, on Sale Price of Hand-kerchiefs paid by Purchaser, paid to Excise within 40 Days after Sale.

Duty under Commissioners of Excise.

Stamps provided to denote Payment of Duty.

Handkerchief* not to be removed out of Warehouse till

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

made perpetual in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale, either for the Purpose of being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Perj\ay China or the East Indies, that shall have been or may hereafter be secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, subjt. ct never-thclefs to the Duties by the said Act (d) and also to the Duties by this Act imposed thereon; and all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to sale therein: Provided always nevertheless, that the said United Company shall not in any one Year sell or expose to sale a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand Pieces, and that such Fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sorts that shall have been heretofore usually exposed to Sale. (a) [49 G. 3. c, 98. Tab. B-

but fee Cap. 36. Se8, 1. and Tables A* & B. ante, by which all antecedent Duties appear to be repealed, and other Duties to be imposed.]

II. And be it further enacted, That upon all Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses, and which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be sold by the said United Company for Home Consumption, there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Silk Handkerchiefs shall be sold, which said Duty shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasen of such Silk Handkerchiefs to the said United Company at such time or times as shall by the Conditions of such Sales be from time to time appointed for the Payment of the Price of such Silk Handkerchiefs to the said United Company, and the said United Company shall at all times, together with the proper Officers of Excise, make up aa Account of Twenty five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upo the gross Prices at which such Silk Handkerchiefs shall he fold, and pay the same to the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, within Forty Days after the Expiration of each quarterly Sale, which said Duty shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be an Excue Duty, and shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being.

III. And, for the better securing the said Duty of Excise by this Act granted, be it further enacted, That such proper Stamps or Seals shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England, by this Act chargeable on the said Silk Handkerchiefs, as may serve to denote the Payment or charging of the Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Silk Handkerchiefs, and that the said Stamps or Seals shall be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may from time to time be renewed or altered by the said Commissioners6 often as they shall see fit to renew or alter the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall remove, carry or fend away, or suffer to be removed, Carried or sent away from or out ?f any Warehouse or Warehouses approved of by the

0*148*

751

A.D. 1814. 54 III.

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being, and properly marked

into which the same shall have been carried or put under or by virtue at bc>th ^nds.

of any Act or Acts of Parliament in that case made or provided,

any Silk Handkerchiefs or Handkerchief for or in respect whereof a

Duty is imposed by this Act, until every particular Piece or Parcel or

Remnant of the same respectively shall have been duly marked at both

Ends thereof with a Stamp or Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting

the charging the Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect thereof,

on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty

Pounds; and all such Handkerchiefs so removed, carried or sent Penalty.

away without being marked with a Stamp or Seal or Stamps or Seals

denoting the charging the said Duty, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be ieized by any Officer of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Officers in Excise shall cause the said Stamps or Seals to be delivered to the damping not to proper Officer or Officers of Excise for the Purpose aforesaid, and

such Officer or Officers is and are hereby enjoined and required in'nfing the same to do no Hurt or Damage, or the lealt Hurt or.Damage that may be to the Silk Handkerchiefs to be so marked or

stamped 5 and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any time Counterfeiting

or times hereafter counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble Stamp or felling

any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act,

to denote the charging the Duties on the said Silk Handkerchiefs, felt stamp.

or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any

Silk or Silk Handkerchies, or shall fell any Silk Handkerchief with

a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited,

all and every the Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Concealing shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of his just Duty or Duties Handkerchiefs for or in respect thereof, fraudulently deposit, hide or conceal, any clandestinely ruu. Silk Handkerchiefs, of the Manufacture of Persia, China or East

Indicia printed, stained, painted or dyed, or shall, with Intent to prevent the Discovery thereof by the Officers of the Customs or Excise, deposit, hide or conceal, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture aforesaid, printed, stained, painted or dyed, and which shall have been clandestinely run, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every Piece or Part of a Piece of such Silk Handkerchiefs, forfeit and iofe the Sum of Fifty penajtT Pounds; and all and every the Pieces and Parts of Pieces of such Silk Handkerchiefs, so deposited, hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited; and the fam shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Silk Handerchief or Handkerchiefs

Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persia, Chinay or East found in Poi-Ind'ta, printed, stained, painted or dyed, shall, from and after the if ilion of Dea-Fifth of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen be found j5rs' "n' in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or of any Trader or

Dealer in Silks or Handkerchiefs, or in the Custody or Possession of

any other Person or Persons, for the Use of or on Account of any such Draper, Trader or Dealer, without being marked or sealed either on the both Ends or on one End thereof, with a Stamp or Seal* denoting the charging of the Duty by this Act imposed for or

in

C. 148.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

TTnmnrked

Handkerchiefs having been Part of Piece marked, not to be admitted in Evidence.

Having certain Quantity of Handkerchiefs in Possession deemed Traders.

Oath made of Suspicion of Concealment of Handkerchiefs without Stamps, Officers may enter Premises, and make Seiz-

in respect thereof, such Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handkerchiefs shall be forfeited. 7

VIII. And, to prevent Drapers and Dealers from alleging or pretending that any such Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handkerchiefs was or were a Part or Parts of a Piece or Pieces which had been marked or sealed at both Ends thereof, under or by virtue of this Act, but was or were cut from the same, on the Sale of the damped End or Ends of the Piece from whence the same was or were so cut, be it enacted, That no such Allegation, nor any such Pretence, shall be deemed or taken to be valid, or in any manner available in Law; nor shall any Proof of any Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handerchiefs, not marked or sealed as last aforesaid, having been a Part or Parts of any Piece or Pieces which had been marked or sealed under or by virtue of this Act, be admissible in Evidence, or received in any Court of Justice.

IX. And Whereas it may, from the Privacy of their Dealings on many Occasions be difficult to prove that Persons in whole Custody or Possession Silk Handkerchiefs forfeited under or by virtue of this Aid when found in the Custody or Possession of any Trader or Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs, are Traders or Dealers in Silk Handkerchiefs, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession Three Pieces or upwards of Silk Handkerchiefs, or any Silk Handkerchiefs exceeding the Number of Twenty one Silk Handkerchiefs shall be discovered or found, shall be deemed and taken to be a Trader and Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Person or Persons to be deemed and taken to be a Trader or Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs, for or by reason of his, her or their having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Number of old, worn or ui'ed Silk Handkerchiefs, not exceeding Twenty one, for the usual and ordinary Use of himself or his Family 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have Cause to suspect ilk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs or Excise ought to have been charged, shall be fraudulently deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of such Duty or Duties, or that any Silk Handkerchief printed, stained, painted or dyed, and which ought to have been stamped under or by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or of any Trader or Dealer in Silks or Handkerchiefs, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons for the use of or on account of any such Draper, Trader or Dealer, without having thereupon any such Stamps or Seals, or Stamp or Seal, as by this Act is required, to denote the Payment or charging the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed for or in respect thereof, or that any Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed clandestinely run shall be deposited, lodged, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England^ for the time being, or any Two or more of them, within the

7 S3

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. .148.

the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or before One'*or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Part of Great Brittain, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Place and Places where he or they shall so fupeft such Silk Handkerchiefs to be so deposited, hid or concealed, or to be in the Cudody aforesaid, and to seize andf carry away all such Silk Handkerchiefs which he or they shall then and there find, together with the Cheds, Trunks and Packages containing the same, and all such Silk Handkerchiefs so found, together with the Cheds, Trunks and Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited; and if any Person or Persons shall let, obstruct or Packages&e. hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any other Person or Persons acting in his Aid or Affidance for or in the Execution of any such Warrant from entering any such Place or Places for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Silk Handkerchiefs forfeited under or by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For- Recovery, ftc. feiture6 imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or * Puakies, ic, mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, [ Power of

Authorities, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mat- i* ters and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year cn

of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures.in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now -in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Inland Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed, or any of them, or for preventing, detesting or puniftung Frauds relating thereto, other than in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act, shall be practised, used, applied and put in Execution in and for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the Duties hereby imposed, and for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually,

54 G*0. III. 3 C to

7/4

Duties carried to Consolidated Fuad.

59ft 4 O. 3. c. 67, Art 6.

40 a 3. (I.)

C. 3*.

C. r^8j 149. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 18ri4*

to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Pireftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Ftiud of Great Britain.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ire-Innd reciprocally.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is, among other things, provided, That anyArticles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of either Country,

' which are or may be subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject ontheir Importation into each Country respectively from the other,

to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reason-i able in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials

and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Countryto the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in*Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles onthe Import thereof into the lame Country from the other: AndWhereas by the said Acts, and by other Acts of Parliament now < in force, certain Countervailing Duties are chargeable on Spirits*made or distilled in Great Britain on the Importation thereof into < Ireland, and on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland on the Im porta-< tion thereof into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are in certain cases payable on the Export of such Spirits from eitherCountry to the other respectively: And Whereas Doubts havearisen, whether certain of the said Duties and Drawbacks are just and reasonable, and how far the same are therefore coniiftent with the Letter and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain ard Ireland: 9 For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that such Countervailing Duties shall be imposed, such Drawbacks allowed, and such Provisions made, as shall be judged proper for putting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect of Home-made Spirits, upon a just, fair and equitable Footing, according to the true Meaning and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland/ and also, that sufficient time may be afforded for ascertaining just and reasonable Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks, and for making such necessary Provisions as aforesaid, it is expedient that certain Drawbacks upon the Export of such Spirits from each Country to the other respectively should be fuf-

C' ?d for a limited time; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. ; III. C. 149 %, j$$

after the First Day of OHoler One thousand eight hundred and four- Dra\vfecki on teen, the Payment of all Drawbacks, except as herein after mentioned* Home-nude for or in respect of the Duty of Excise on such Spirits, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from inland; and Ireland to any Part of Great Britain respectively, shall be suspended vice versa i'ui-during the Continuance of this Act. pended.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of c. 41. ante.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to fuf pend the Importation of British or Infh-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, reciting, that an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to fuf pend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine; and that by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteeny an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom s and another AH made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to fuf pend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to continue the Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland; it was, among (I 4 other things, enacted, that all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign (except as in the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign is excepted) should be continued until Four Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time which should or might be fixed under the Authority of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain; and also reciting, that it was expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign should be further continued, for the Purpose of affording sufficient time for making effectual Provisions for regulating the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, in relation to Spirits, the Manufacture of either Country 5 it was enacted, that all the Powers and Provisions in the said Act of tfe Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign contained (except as in the said recited

Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign was excepted)

should continue and be in force from and after the passing of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen

And Whereas such effectual Provisions for regulating the Inter*

course between Great Britain and Ireland in relation to Spirits the Manufacture of either Country, have not yet been made, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign (except as herein after mentioned) should be further continued for the Purpose aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said Act of the 49 -3- c-8-Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign contained (except as in ( 1H as, n the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's 'c'7*

3 C 2 Reign

is excepted) continued.

Dutr on British and Irish Spurts imported.

Duties paid by Importers.

Duties on Compounds how computed.

Of what Strength Spirits to be of.

Duties under Commissioners oi Exrite, lc&

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Reign is excepted) shall continue and be in force, until and upon the First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, [Exb.fee 38.]

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Countervailing Duties; that is to say.

For every Galion, Jr't/h Wine Measure, of Spirits, which shall be made or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Act, into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty five per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Six Shillings and a Halfpenny, British Currency; and so in Proportion for any less Degree of Strength not being less than that of One to Ten, or Ten per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Act, into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Act, into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Eight pence Farthing; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that oi One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And for every Galion, Engljb Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Act into Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Exdle Duty of Two Shillings and Two pence Farthing; which said Duties respectively shall be paid by the Importers of such Spirits, before the Landing thereof.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That on all sweetened or compounded Spirits imported as aforesaid, into Ireland or Great Britain respectively, the Duties aforesaid, according to the Propor* tions aforesaid respectively, shall be computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which Spirits can be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits made in Ireland shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, at a Strength exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty fat per Cent over Hydrometer Proof; or if any Spirits made in England or Scotland respectively, shall be imported or brought into Ireland, of any grater Degree of Strength than that of One to Four or Twenty five ter Cent. over Hydrometer Proof$ the same shall be forfeited, together with the Calks or other Packages wherein th^Gune shall be contained, and the lame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England,

757

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 149.

land, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being 5 such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Ireland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in England or Scotland respectively from Corn or Grain, under and subject to the Rules and Regulations of this Act, for Exportation to Ireland, or allowed by this Act to be exported to Ireland, and which shall be exported to Ireland during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be allowed and paid, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits respectively, the following Drawbacks; that is to lay,

Upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain caliedf England, and so exported, a Drawback 6f Eight pence, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty five per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof;

And upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and so exported, a Drawback of Seven pence, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And which Drawbacks respectively shall be, and are hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Exportation; subject to all the Rules and Regulations in force in Great Britain respecting Drawbacks, so far as the same can or may be applied thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in manner required by Law, and which shall be exported to Great Britain during the Continuance of this Act, there shall Ifc allowed and paid a Drawback of Six pence Halfpenny British Currency upon evenr Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits; and which Drawback shall be, and is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subjc6l to all Rules and Regulations in force in Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any Spirits made or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Irelandt or made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, within Thirty Days next after the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel wherein any such Spirits shall be so imported, within the Port in that Part of the United Kingdom into which such Spirits shall be imported, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise of the said Port in Great Britain, and with the Collector of the Customs of the said Port in Ireland, of all such Spirits on board such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, and shall then Or before Satisfy and

3 C 3 pay

Drawbacks on British Spirits exported to Ireland, on account of Duties (V) Malt.

Drawbacks paid on Exportation

Drawback on Irish Spirits exported to G.

Entry made of Spirits imported from either Country, and Import Duty paid, and Spirits iaodc! in 30 -Day*.

75

Penalty. Commissioners to caui'e Spirits to be publicly fold for Duty, and Overplus paid to Qtbccr.

In what case Commissioners may reward Otficeis.

Number of Calks, and parti- rular Number, &c. of each, inserted in Import luitriei.

Sena'ry.

British Spirits nbt sent to Ireland, or Irish Spirits to G. B. in Vessels lcfs than 70 Tons, or in Calks containing let's than ICO Gallons.

Spirits imported Irons G. B. to Ireland, and vice versa, accompanied by Permit.

[Penalty.]

Spirits not liable to Seizure for

' 149* S4 GEO. HE. A.D. 1814.

tav the Import Duties of Excise by this Act imposed for or in retpeft of such Spirits, and land the same; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Spirits within such Thirty Days, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Commissioners of Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall cause all such Spirits to be publicly sold to the bed Bidder, at such Places as they respectively shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the Import Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Spirits, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied to and for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall seize the same; and in case the Money arising from such Sale of such Spirits shall not be sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy the said Import Duties, then and in such case the Officers of Excise who shall seize such Spirits, shall be rewarded in such manner as the said respective Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding One Shilling per Galion, and to be in lieu of all other Allowances.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Entries so to be made of any Spirits made or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, or made or manufactured in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, the Number of Casks and other Packages containing such Spirits, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them on board' of each respective Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, shall be inserted, on Pain for every Neglect or Refusal thereof to forfeit all such Spirits with the Cask or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made in Great Britain shall be imported or brought into Ireland; nor shall any Spirits made in Ireland, be imported or brought from thence into Great Britain, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of any less Burthen than Seventy Tons, or in any Cask or Package which shall not contain One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the lead, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported or brought, contrary to any or either of the Prohibitions aforesaid, together with the Casks or Packages containing such Spirits; and the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Horses, Cattle and Carriages employed in such Importation, Removal or Carriage thereof, and such Spirits, Calks, Packages, Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horses, Cattle and Carriages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any Spirits made or manufactured in Great Britain shall be exported from thence to Inland, or when any Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland shall be exported from thence to Great Britain, the same shall be accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer of Excise; or in Default thereof, such Spirits, with the Casks and Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Spirits shall be liable to Seizure for or on account of any small

Dif-

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 149.

75?

Difference or Deficiency in the Guage of such Spirits at the time of deficiency m their Arrival in Port, when the same shall be proved to have been^'^cu'

occasioned by Accident and without Fraud-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Ex- Couiitw-pans^f*cife in England and Scotland respectively shall, within the Space of Permits for ea-One Month after the time of granting any Permit for the Removal of

any such British-made Spirits from any Port or Place in England or ireiandt*or'vice

Scotland respectively, to any Port or Place in Ireland, transmit the vcrUunmmit-

Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the same to be transmitted to teiby Commif-

the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland; and the Commissioners of Ex- f, oners * xci, e

cife in Ireland shall, within the like Space of time after the time of

granting any Permit for the Removal of any such Irish-made Spirits ers of F.xi'iie ia

from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Port or Place in Great Bri- other.

laint transmit a Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland,

as the case may require, in order that the said Commissioners in Eng-

landt Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require, may and they respectively are hereby directed and required to cause some proper

Officer or Officers to examine and check therewith the Permit by

which such Spirits shall have been removed as aforesaid; and also in

order that a further Check may be had upon the Removal of such

Spirits, a Duplicate of the Clearance of the Ship or Vessel in or on Duplicate of

board which such Spirits shall be exported, shall be forthwith trans- Clearance*

mitted to the proper Officer or Omcers of the Customs at die Port

in Ireland or Great Britain, as the case may require, where such Spirits

are intended to be landed; and such Officer or Officers is and arc

hereby authorized and required to compare the same with the Spirits

on their Arrival.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Pro- Irish Spirits

prietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any warehcniiedj^ Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence*

into Great Britain, under or by virtue of this Act, shall immediately

on the landing thereof carry and convey the same, or cause the same to be carried or conveyed to and put into such Warehouse or Ware-houses for that Purpose provided (at the Charge of such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, or Consignee or Consignees),

as shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may require; and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers,

Consignee or Consignees, shall, before he, she or they shall remove or be entitled to any Permit for the Removal of any such Spirits from or out of such Warehouse, give to the proper Officer of Excise Notice in Writing to attend at such Warehouse or Warehouse* between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of seeing such Spirits reduced as herein after mentioned; and Reduce* such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall immediately on such Officer's Attendance, or within Half an Hour then next following, reduce in the Presence of such Officer all such Spirits intended to be removed to the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 and if such Proprietor ot Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall jiegleft or refuse to give such Notice, or to reduce fuen Spirits in manner aforesaid, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Calks containing the same: Provided always nevertheless, that

3 C 4 no

Notice.

7<?

tn what' case Permits allowed Re&ifiers,

Warehoused Spirits only to expoited.

Pei^lty.

1

Strength ot Spirits ascertiin-ed before warehoused in Ireland.

c. 149. 54 GEO. in A.D. 1814.

no less Quantity than One Calk, containing One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the lead, shall be reduced at any one time.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to the Re&ifiers and Compounders of Spirits in that^Part of Great Britain called England, Permits for the fending out any Number of Galions, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred and fifty Gallons of Brittjk' Brandy, rectified British Spirits or Compounds, for every One hundred Gallons of such Irish Spirits which they respectively shall have received, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to export, or enter or ship for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, except such Spirits as shall have been or shall be Secured in Warehouses in Ireland, without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable in Ireland thereon, according to the several Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, for regulating the making, diddling and warehousing of such Spirits in Ireland; and that all such Spirits shall be entered and shipped for Exportation from Ireland\ directly from and out of such Warehouses only; and in case any Spirits shall be exported Or entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland, to or for any Part of Great Britain, other than such Spirits as are hereby permitted to be so exported, or in any other manner than is hereby directed, such Spirits so unlawfully exported, or entered or shipped for Exportation, together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, and also the Ships, Boats or Vessels, on board which the same shall be laden or exported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Custom9 or Excise; any Act or Acts, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and during the Continuance of this Act, no Spirits made or diddled im Ireland, shall be permitted or allowed to be received into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, unless on the Delivery thereof for the Removal to such Warehouse or Warehouses, the Quantity and Strength of each and every Cask or other Package thereof, and the full Capacity or Content of each such Cask or other Package shall have been taken and ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise by the Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, at the Distdlery where the same shall have been made and diddled; dot unless such Quantity, Strength, Size and full Content or Capacity, together with the Marks and Numbers, or Mark and Number of each such Cask or other Package, shall be Specified in, or indorsed on the Permit, to authorize the Removal of such Spirits from the said Distillery to such Warehouse as aforesaid; and if on the Arrival or Receipt of any such Spirits at such Warehouse, any Deficiency (had be discovered or found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in the Strength or Quantity of any such Spirits, below the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits specified in or indorsed on any such Permit, then and in every such calie, such Spirits, together with the Cask or other Package containing the frune, ffiaD be forfeited,

11 and

[Penalty.]

Li

j6i

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 149.

*nd the same respectively shall and may be feizod by any Officer or Officer! of Excise in Ireland\

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said of

First Day of Qftolcr One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and be^edllivtr^l during the Continuance of this Act, no such Spirits made or distilled wt for Exp!irt. in Ireland, shall be delivered from or out of any such Warehouse ition. for Exportation to any Part of Great Britain, unless the Strength thereof shall on such Delivery have been taken and ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, by the said Hydrometer commonly called Clarhc's Hydrometer; and such Officer or Officers shall give and grant to the Exporter thereof a Certificate m Writing, in which such Officer or Officers shall certify the Strength of the Spirits contained in each and every Calk or Package, together with the Size or full Content or Capacity of such Cask or Package, and the Marks and Numbers, or Mark orf Number thereof, and the \Su. Quantity of such Spirits contained therein; and such Certificate shall accompany such Spirits to the Port or Place in Great Britain to which such Spirits shall be consigned or sent: And if on the Arrival or Landing or any such Spirits at such Port or Place in Great Britain, any Deficiency shall be discovered or found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise in the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits, below the Strength or Quantity thereof specified in such Certificate; or if any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, then and in every such case, such Spirits, together with the Calk or other Package containing the same shall be forfeited, and the same respectively Penaky*

-shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in England or Scotland respectively: Provided always never- provi&-theless, that no Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, nor any Ca{k or Package containing any such Spirits, shall be forfeited, for or by reason of any Excess or Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits, not more than Three per Centum above or below the Strength of such Spirits specified in any such Permit or Certificate; anj thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forging, kc. shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or Citificai*s, forged, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, as or for a Certificate authorized or required to be granted under or by virtue of this Act, or any Specification by this Act authorized or required to be in or indorsed on any Permit; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification as aforesaid therein, or indorsed thereon, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification therein or indorsed thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or any such true Specification in or indorsed on any Permit; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, or any Permit having therein or having indorsed thereon any such Specification so counterfeited, forged, wife, untrue, altered qr erased; every Person

7 te

Penalty-English DistiHen authorized to distil for Export-arum to Ireland.

oS G. 3. c. 46.

45 0.3- c. 100.

Scotch Distilkr* authorized to distil for Export-tkon to Ireland.

*30.3. 0.46. V 0.3. c. 1 oa

C. V49.

54 GEO. III.

A.l).1814.

Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, federally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, ' from and after the said Fird Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Distiller and Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall be desirous of making or diddling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty so to do, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Redridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures save as is herein in that behalf otherwise particularly provided), as are by Two certain Acts of Parliament, one thereof made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for better regulating the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England, and the other thereof made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for better regulating the diddling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland and in Scotland for Exportation to England, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, provided, settled or established, for or in respect of Distillers making or diddling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Scotland; and all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Redridions and Provisions /except as in that behalf aforesaid), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, mall be and the same are hereby respectively extended to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of all and every DidiUer and Didiliers, who, from and after the said Fird Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall make or didd any Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Redridions and Provisions (except as in that behalf aforesaid,) Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been at large inserted in the Body of this Act, and been hereby re-enacted and made applicable to such Distillers so making Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation from thence to Ireland, and to such Spirits so made or diddled fn that Part of Great Britain called England and exported from thence to Ireland,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Distiller and Distillers in Scotland, who shall be desirous of making or diddling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty so to do, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Redn&ions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures slave as is herein in that behalf otherwise particularly provided), as are in or by the said Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act provided, settled or established, for or in respect of Distillers making or diddling Spirits in Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Redric-tions and Provisions (except as aforesaid), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively extended

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 149. 763

to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in

respcd of all and every Distiller and Distillers, who, from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall make or distil any Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions (except as in that behalf aforesaid), Fines,

Penalties and Forfeitures, had been at large inserted in the Body of this Act, and been hereby re-enacted, and made applicable to such Distillers so making Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland, and to such Spirits so made or diitilled in Scotland and exported from thence to Ireland.

XXII. And Whereas Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, may from time to time during the Continuance of

this Act, have on Hand at their entered Distilleries, Stocks of

Spirits made Duty-free for Exportation from thence to Scotland,

under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and

Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Acts made

in the Twenty eighth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid; and also 28 G. 3.

Distillers in Scotland, may from time to time during the Con- 45 G-3* cx00, tinuance of this Act, have on Hand at their entered Distilleries

in Scotland, Stocks of Spirits made Duty-free for Exportation* from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions of the said Acts; and it is expedient to allow the same to be exported to Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; Be it Exportation of

therefore enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall Stock en* and may be lawful to and for any such Distiller or Distillers in ^d*

England or Scotland respectively, to export the Whole or any Part of Scotland to Ire-such his, her or their Stock or Stocks of Spirits, directly from his, land.

her or their entered Distillery or Distilleries in England or Scotland respectively to Ireland, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained, provided, settled or established in or by this Act, or any other Law or Laws in force at the Commencement of this Act, relating to the Exportation of Spirits made in Great Britain, so far at such Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, 'can or may be applied to the Exportation of such Stock or Stocks, or any Part thereof to Ireland; and the said Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be practised, used, applied and put in Execution for and in respect of the Exportation of such Stock or Stocks of Spirits, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, so to be exported to Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, had, been at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and thereby expressly applied to the Whole or any Part of such Stock or Stocks of Spirits, and the Exportation thereof to Ireland\

XXIII. And Whereas the marketable Strength of Home-

made Spirits in Ireland greatly exceeds the Strength at which Distillers in England or Scotland respectively are by Law allowed to send out Spirits, and Spirits of that Strength would be too weak

to be marketable in Ireland, and procuring Sale thereof in Ireland, It is expedient to allow the Distillers in England or Scotland respectively

Strength of Spirits increased by Re-dist illation.

Compensation to Proprietors of Spirits ware-houhfd before Xft July 1814.

In what case further Coro-pensation to Proprietor* of Spirits may be made.

C. 149. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

spectively to increase, in maimer herein after mentioned, by Re-

distillation, for Exportation to Ireland, the Strength of the Whole or any Part of such their Stocks of Spirits made free of Duty in

that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation to

Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller or Distillers in England or Scotland respectively, to increase by Re-distillation under the Inspection and Superintendence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise for Exportation to Ireland, under the Rules and Regulations of this Act, to any Strength not exceeding that of One to Three over Hydrometer Proof, the Whole or any Part of such their Stocks of Spirits so made free of Duty, in that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England.

XXIV. And Whereas the Proprietors of Spirits diddled in Ireland, who may have warehoused any such Spirits at any time

previous to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

fourteen, and who by this Act are prohibited from so exporting the same until after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, will thereby incur and sustain confidence Expences and Lodes, by reason of such Spirits remaining in Warehouse so far beyond the time when the same might nave been exported if this Act had not been had or made; and it is just and expedient that such Proprietors should receive a moderate Compensation for such Expences and Lodes; Be it therefore enacted, That whenever it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, by the Certificate of the Storekeeper of such of His Majesty's Ware-houses or Stores in which any Spirits distilled in Ireland have been warehoused (which Certificate such Storekeeper is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward), and by such other Proof, on Oath or Affirmation or other wise, as the said Commissioners may require (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), that any Quantity of Spirits distilled in Ireland shall have been warehoused m any of His Majesty's Ware-houses or Stores pursuant to Law, at any time before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and they are hereby authorized and required to order and direct the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Spirits shall be warehoused, to pay or allow to the Proprietor of such Spirits, a Sum after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings for every Puncheon containing One hundred and twenty Gallons of such Spirits, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, at such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and such Collector shall pay or allow such Sum accordingly, out of any Money in his Hands, or out of any Duties payable by the Proprietor of such Spirits for any other Spirits, or otherwise, in such manner as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall order and direct, by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon such Certificate and Proof as are hereinbefore mentioned, to order and direct the Collector of - Excise

A.D. 1814. 549GO.IIL C. 149W 7^5

Excise of the District within which any* of His Majesty's Warehouses shall be situate in which any Spirits diddled from Corn in Ireland shall have been Secured at any time before the Day of the passing of this Act, and which shall then remain in Such Warehouse* and which* at any time before the First Day of November next, after the passing of this Act shall be taken out of any such Warehouse, either for Home Consumption in Ireland or for Exportation to Great Britain, to pay or allow to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Spirits a further Compensation for the Expences and Lodes sustained by him or them as aforesaid, in confluence of this Act, to be calculated after the Rates following; that is to say* in respect of all such Spirits as shall be So taken out of such Ware^ house for Home Consumption, a Sum at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Irish Currency upon the Price of such Spirits calculated at the Rate of Ten Shillings Irish Currency per Galion, being the presumed Price of such Spirits including the Duty payable thereon; and in respect of all such Spirits as mall be so taken out of frich Warehouse, for Exportation to Great Britain, a Sum at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Irish Currency, upon the Price of such Spirits calculated at the Rate of Three Shillings and Six pence Irish Currency per Galion, being the presumed Price of such Spirits exclusive of the Duty thereon; and such Compensation shall be paid and allowed to such Proprietor or Proprietors, by such Collector of the Excise, at such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper to be directed; and such Collector shall pay and allow such Sum accordingly out of any Money in his Hands, or out of any Duties payable by the Proprietors or Proprietor of any such Spirits, for any other 9pirits or otherwise, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Spuritsware-the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to housed before direct that any such Spirits which shall have been warehoused in any^border-of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland\ at any time before ea to be sold be-the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, fore xft Jan. shall be sold at any time before the First Day of January One ii$i5ndnot thousand eight hundred and fifteen, although such Spirits may have P*J Storlge' remained in such Warehouses or Stores for more than Four Calendar

Months; and that no Storage or Warehouse Rent shall be payable upon or in respect of any such Spirits, on account of their remaining

in Warehouse at any time between the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the said First Day of

January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in case such Spirits

shall be taken out of such Warehouse at any time before the said

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 any 5a G. 3. c. 30.

thing in an Act made in the Fifty iecond Year of His present Majesty* Reign, to provide for regulating the warehousing of Spirits

in Ireland* or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Of what

lawful to and for all and every Distiller and Distillers in England and Dis-

Scotland respectively, to send out his, her or their Spirits for Exporta- out*

tioa to Ireland, under or by virtue of this Act, at any Degree of F Strength not exceeding that of One to Four ove* Hydrometer Proof.

]66

Irish Spirits not to be removed from Scotland by Land Carriage.

[Penalty.]

English and Scotch Distillers to make up Spirits to Irish

Marketable

Strength.

28 G. 3. c. 46.

Penalty,

Commissioners may give Directions for ascer-taming Strength of Spirits either in Receiver or SNK*afta.

VnbwfolR#.

jnoval of Spirits for Exportation.

.149. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, Hurt no Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, shall be removed or carried from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England by Land Carriage, nor shall any such Spirits be imported or brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England m any Ship, Vessel -or Boat of less Burthen than Seventy Tons, or in any Calk or Package which shall not contain One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the least, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported, or brought contrary to the Directions of this Act, together with the Calks or Packages containing such Spirits, and the Ships, Vessels or Boats, Horses, Cattle and Carriages employed in such Importation, Removal or Carriage thereof, and such Spirits, Casks, Packages, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle and Carriages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Distiller and Distillers in England and Scotland respectively shall, and he, fbe and they respectively is and are hereby required, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, to make up to the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof, instead of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, all the Spirits made, difUlled or redistilled by such Distiller or Distillers in that Day, for Exportation to Ireland, on Pain to forfeit for every fuen Offence the Penalty in that behalf provided and imposed by the said last mentioned Act, for neglecting or refusing to make up, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, the Spirits in the said Act in that behalf mentioned, to the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Act in that behalf provided for or in respect of such Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, shall be applied and put in Execution for and in respect of the Spirits by this Act required to be made up to the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures had been at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and thereby applied to such Spirits of the Strength last aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irdandj from time to time to make and give any such Orders and Directkms to any Officer or Officers in Charge of any Distillery in Ireland, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Strength of any Spirits in such Distillery, either in the Receiver or in any Store Casks or other Caiksor Vefleb in such Distillery, as to the said Commissioners shall at any time seem fit and necessary, and such Officer or Officers shall obey such Directions, and shall ascertain the Strength of such Spirits accordingly; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers in Great Britain, or any other Person or Person*, shall remove from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged for Exportation, or shall in any other, manner or by, any other means, before the Warehousing thereof, defraud or attempt to defraud His Majesty

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 149. 767

by selling or otherwise difppfing of such Spirits so made or expressed to be made for Exportation, every Person or Persons Co offending shall, for each and every such Offence, federally forfeit the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds, together with the Spirits so fold or Penalty, attempted to be sold before the Warehousing thereof, or removed from the Warehouse for any Purpose except that of laying the same on board Ship for Exportation, and the Boats, Carts, Carriages,

Horses, Cattle and Packages, made use of in removing or carrying the same; apd the same mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the Commenceneit

said Act made in the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or in any other Licence*. Act or Acts of Parliament contained shall extend or be deemed C, ICX*

or construed to extend, to restrict any Distiller or Distillers in Eng* 7*

land or Scotland respectively, to the First Day of October for the making Entry for distilling Spirits for Exportation to Ireland, or to restrict to the First Day of October the Commencement of any Licence to be granted to any such Distiller or Distillers for distilling Spirits for such Exportation to Ireland.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Instead of Dc*r-passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, in lieu and backs now pay-mstead of the Drawbacks now payable on Spirits distilled from Corn " sP, ntf* ia Ireland, and exported from thence to any Place except Great Bri- herein^cn-tain, there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks following; tionad paid, that is to say, on all such Spirits which shall have been secured in any

of His Majesty's Warehouses, and as shall be exported directly from and out of such Warehouse, the Sum of Six pence Halfpenny British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits, as in lieu of the Duty on the Malt used in the making and distilling of such Spirits; and on all such Spirits as shall not be exported from such Warehouse, and as shall have paid all Duties imposed by Law thereon, the Sum of Six Shillings and a Halfpenny British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and such Drawbacks shall be paid under such Regulations as are contained with respect to Drawbacks on Spirits in any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising in Duties paid into Great Britain from the Duties by this Act imposed shall from time to Exchequer, tic. time (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same x excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and Three Fourth Parts of the said Money shall be

carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other One Fourth Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Public Revenue 5 and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all Money arising by the last mentioned One Fourth Part of the Money aforesaid shall be entered feoarne and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heir.fi and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said last mentioned One Fourth Part of the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall from time to time, as the same shall fce into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services at shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in thifipresent Session of Parliament,

768

Penalties in Ireland how recovered.

14* 15 Car. a. (I.) Sess. 4. c. 8.

Appeal.

Penalties in G. B. how recovered.

Powers of 1 % Car. a. c. 04 amd other Excise Laws extended to Act.

C. 149. 54 GEO. ItL A.D. 1814.

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Trca-forer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the lame accordingly.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or in Aided by this Act and incurred in Ireland\ shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland> in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the nook of Rates therein inserted* or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland* as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like* remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, [as in and by the said Act of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland\ or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.]

[The Words in Brackets are so on the Roll. Query ? Whether the

reading should not be as follows: M as in and by the said Act of Excise or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland is provided."]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act and incurred in Great Britain* shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or foe for the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures Clauses Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Xing Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law or Laws now in force in Great Britain or in Ireland respectively, relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating of recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and provided by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the uud Duties hereby granted* as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes,

as

7*9

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. IJL 0.149, 150*

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions', Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present A A.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com- Commencement

mence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein con- ^onunuaoc*

tained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the First Day of

October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ? and shall remain

and continue iu force until the End of the next Session of Parliament

and no longer.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act altered.&c.' amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament*

[Srr c. 172. 2. li.pqft,

CAP. CL.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parities, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland,

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to restrain illegal Distillation in Ireland, that the Provisions contained in*several Acts of Parliament for the imposing of Fines on Parishes,

Towiilands, and other Districts and Places, in respect of unlicensed Stills, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, being used*or found within any such Parish, Townland, District or Place,

should be consolidated and amended; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every the Clauses and Provisions relating to the imposing, levying, recovering and distributing of any such Fine, or relating to the imposing of any Penalty upon any Officer of Excise or Customs, or any other Person in respect of any Collusion or fraudulent Practice in sub-jesting any Parish, Place or Person to any such Fine, and to the levying, recovering or distributing of any such Penalty, which are contained in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign* intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty 47 G. 3 ScfT.*Jtxib Year of His present Majesty % for the regulating and securing the -c. 17* 17\ Co lie Sion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti* 48 G. 3. c. 8x. tuled An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and secur- V i4>5- % ng the Collection of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and in an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 49 G. 3* c- 99-intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and fe- *  curing the ColkSion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail; and in an Act made 53 G. 3. c. 148-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the c, more effieSually preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland; and in an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled an Act to suh&ni the several Acts for preventing the illicit Defoliation^ tme, ia*54 GEO. III. 3 D of p*rt

A.D. 1814.

17*

C. 150.

54 GEO. III.

Exception.

Proceedings for

recovering Fines incurred had under Act.

Before any Information proceeded on to impose Fines under Art, Notice given by Board of Exfil'e.

On Information to Justice of Peace, of any unlicensed Still, fic. or any Wash, &c. not in PoHe (lion of licensed Di(Idler or Brewer, See. Justice shall take Security, Sec. and return Information to Affixes where Fart shall be tried.

0/ Spirits in Ireland; shall be and the same are hereby repealed; except so far as relates to any such Fine or Penalty, which shall have been incurred at any time before the Commencement of this Act; and except so far as relates to any Proceedings for the impeding, recovering, levying or distributing of any such Fine or Penalty so incurred, or to the Traversing or Trial of any Information, or to the proving or controverting of any Fast relating to such Fine or Penalty so incurred, which shall or may have been had or commenced under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, at any time before the Commencement of this Act, and which may then be depending and not finally determined; and all further Proceedings for the imposing, levying, recovering, paying or distributing of any such Fine or Penalty so incurred, or for the Traversing or Trial of any such Information, or for the proving or controverting of any such Fast, shall and may be carried on, proceeded in and determined, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if any such Information or other Proceedings, so had and commenced under the said recited Acts or any of them, had been had and commenced under this present Act, and according to the Direction?, Clauses and Provisions in this present Act mentioned and contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any Information for asy Offence, for the Purpose of proceeding to impose any Fine under the Provisions in this Act contained, shall be received or proceeded upon by or before any Justice of the Peace in any County, City, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any rim? after the Commencement of this Act, Notice shall be given, under the Hands of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, that the Provisions of this Act should be put in force within such County, City, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, from such time and for such Period as shall be mentioned in such Notice.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for ai^jr Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Information upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, has been found or used in any Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, or that any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, has or have been found in any Place within the Jurisdictuii of such Justice (such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wine or Singlings, not being in the Possession of any licensed Distiller, in his ficensed Distillery or Stores thereto belonging, or such Wash or Pot Ak not being in the Possession of any licensed Brewer, in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto belonging, or not being mixed with Hops in Quantity sufficient to make the same into Beer, Ale or Potter, or not having Hops infused therein in like Quantity for the Purpose of the same being made into Beer, Ale or Potter), to examine into the Truth of such Information; and if he shall find reason to be* lieve that such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, has been 0 round or used# as the

case

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. PL C. 150, 771

Case may be, or that such Wash, Pot Ale, Lew Wines or Singlings, has or have been so found, he shall bind over the Person or Persons giving such Information to appear at the Assizes (or Presenting Term if in the County or County of the City of Dublin), which shall be next ensuing after such Information shall be laid (provided that there shall be* Ten clear Days between the time when such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil for diddling, shall have been so found or used, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been so found respectively, and the Firli Day or such Assizes or Presenting Term; and in case there shall not be Ten such clear Days, then at the Assizes or Presenting Term next but one after the laying of such Information as aforesaid), to give Evidence, if necessary, in Support of such Information; and such Justice shall sign a Notice of such Information, directed to, and the said Notice shall be served upon any two Inhabitants being Householders, Residents within the Parish, Place, District or Division liable, within any Part of which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, shall have been so found or used, or any such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been so, found, Seven Days at the lead previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes or Firli Day of such Presenting Term, and such Justice shall, at or before such Assizes or Presenting Term, deliver to the

Clerk of The Crown all such Informations so made before him, and such Clerk of The Crown shall lay the lame before the Court at the said respective Assizes or Presenting Term: And it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess within such Parish, Place, Diitrid or Division respectively, to appear at such Assizes or Presenting Term, and to offer to controvert the Fad of finding such Still, Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, or such Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings; or in case where the Charge in the Information is for udng or intending to use a Still or Worm, or other Utensil for diddling Spirits, to controvert the Fad that such Still or Worm, or other Utensil, had been used for any of the Purposes of Dillillation in such Parish, Place, Didrid or Division, or the Fad that any such Stdl or other Utensil was unlicensed; or that the Parish, Place,

Dillrid or Division, mentioned in any such Information, is the Parish,

Place, District or Division within which the Place is situate where such Still, or Part of a Stdl or Appendage to a Stdl, or such Worm or Utensil, was so found or used, or intended to be used, or wherein any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were so found 5 or to offer to prove that any such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, found within such Parish, Place,

Didrid or Division, was or were collusively left or brought there, for the Purpose of charging such Parish, Place, Didrid or Division, with the Penalty by this Act imposed 5 or that such Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, were found in the Podession oflicensed Distiller, in his licensed DidiUery or Stores thereto belonging; or that the said Waffi or Pot Ale was or were found in the Possession of a licensed Brewer, in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto be-, longing; or that the same was or were mixed with Hops in Quantity

772

Inhabitant not tu serve as Juror.

Informer, Inhabitants, Sec. declared competent Witnesses.

Fines iroposed by Court on Paristies, Sec, where Still, Sec. unlawfully used.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

C. 150. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

sufficient to make the same into Beer, Ale or Porter, or that Hops were infused in the same in like Quantity, for the Purpose of the same being brewed into Beer, Ale or Porter; and whenever any such Person shall so appear, and offer to controvert or to prove the Fads aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Court, at the same Assizes or Presenting Term, except as herein after provided, and such Court is hereby required, to try the Fad or Fad* so offered to be controverted or proved in the same manner as the Traverse to any Presentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried; but no Inhabitant of any such Parish, Place, Didrid or Division, as the case may be, shall be capable to fit or serve as a Juror upon auy such Trial.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon any such Trial, and upon all Proceedings, and upon any Enquiry, touching the Matters in any such Information contained, the Person having given such Information as aforesaid, and any Collector of any Grand Jury Cess, and any Person employed by or under such Collector, in the levying or collecting of any such Grand Jury Cess, in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which the Place shall be situate where any Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for diddling, or any-Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling3, may have been so found, and any Churchwarden of any Parish in which such Place shall be situate, or of any Parish contiguous thereto, shall be a competent Witness and Witnesses; and that in all Trials on Informations which may be traversed under this Act, no Inhabitant of any Parish, Place, Dif-trid or Division, shall be deemed an incompetent Witness, on account of his being or being supposed to be interested as an Inhabitant in the Event of such Trial.

V. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall appear at such Arizes or Presenting Term as aforesaid, to controvert or prove the Fads as aforesaid, or if a Verdict shall be given agreeably to any Information so made to such Justice of the Peace, such Court, at such Assizes or Presenting Term, shall fine the Parish, Place, District or Division, within which it shall appear that the Offence dated in such Information was committed, in the Sum of Twenty five Pounds British Currency, upon each and every such Information so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdict shall be given agreeable to such Information as aforesaid; and in case at any ensuing Assizes or Presenting Term the Court shall be required on any of the said accounts to fine any Parish, Place, District or Division, which shall have been so fined in the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds on any of the said accounts, at any preceding Assizei or Presenting Term, such Court shall fine such Parish, Place, District or Division, in such Second Indance, in the Sum of Forty Pounds British Currency, upon each and every such Information so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdict shall be given as aforesaid; and in case at any ensuing Assizes or Presenting Term the Court shall be required on any of the said accounts to fine any Barish, Place, Didrid or Division, which shall have been so fined in the Sum of Forty Pounds, on any of the said accounts, at any preceding Assizes or Presenting Term, such Court shall in every such Indance fine such Parish, Place, Didrid or Division in the Sum of Sixty Pound? British Currency, on each and every such Information

54 GEO. III. C. 150.

773

so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdict shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sums of Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds respectively, as the case may be, off the Parish, Place, District or Division respectively in which the Place is or shall be situate, where such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were found, or was or were used, as the case may be 5 which said Sums of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds ref* pedively, shall be levied by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in like manner, and with like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Preferment of a Grand Jury; except as herein after mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Counmay im-lawful for the Court at such Affixes or Presenting Term at the time pole Fine ehlior of imposing any such Fine as aforesaid, to order and direct that such on ParJth or Fine shall be imposed and levied either on the Parish at large within Divtfon or* which the Place shall be situate, where the Offence, in respect of umricl. which such Fine shall be imposed, was committed, or upon any Town-land, Quarterland, Bally bow, Manor, Lordship or other Place, District or Division whatsoever, within which such Place shall be situate, and on which, under all the circumstances of the case it shall appear expedient to the Court that such Fine should be imposed 5 and such Fine shall be imposed and levied either upon such Parish at large, or upon such Townland, Quarterland, Manor, Lordship or District accordingly: Provided always, that Notice of the Information for such proviso. Offence shall have been given, according to the Directions of this Act, to the Inhabitants of the Parish within which such Townland,

Quarterland, Manor, Lordship or other District or Division shall be situate, on which such Fine shall have been imposed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Informations for any Trial of lufor-Offence, on account whereof any Parish, Place, District or Division, nations for or any House, Place or Person within the same, shall be liable to the Offences, fin-Payment of any Fine or Penalty as aforesaid under this Act, which shall be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, according to the journed. Direction of this Act, by any Justice or Justices before whom such Informations shall have been laid and giv^n respectively, shall by such Clerk of The Crown be laid before the Court, on the First Day of every Assizes or Presenting Term; and all such Informations, and all Issues and Traverses concerning such Informations, and for the recovering of any such Fine or Penalty, or for the proving or controverting any Matter or Thing relating to any such Information, Fine or Penalty, shall be proceeded upon and shall be fully tried and determined by the Court, at some time during the Continuance of such Assizes, and before the Judges shall depart from the County in which such Assizes shall be holden.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Fine of Twefity Distribution of five Pouud8, Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds respectively (after de* Fine*, ducting the reout the Colls of recovering the same, if such Costs shall not be paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland as herein after mentioned, but where such Cods shall be so paid, then the whole of such Fine without any Deduction),

3 D 3

shall

A.D. 1814.

Moiety to Informer, if Excite Officer.

If Informer not Excite Officer, then to such Informer, or to Justices, See.

The other Moiety to Per-foos felting up licensed Stills therein under poo Gallons.

Distribution of Moiety of Penalties, if not applied to Encouragement of Stills.

C. 150. 54 GEO. III.

shall be applied in manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof (or of so much thereof as shall remain after deducing the Costs in the case aforesaid), shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excise who shall have given such Information to such Justice of the Peace, and who shall have appeared at the Assizes or Sessions, pursuant to his Recognizance, to prosecute the same, and shall be applied by him in rewarding himself and his Assistants, in such manner and according to such Proportions as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall direct: And in case the Person giving such Information shall not be an Officer of Excise, then such Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice as aforesaid, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of unlicensed Stills within his Jurisdiction, according to his t)if-cretion $ and the other Moiety of all and every such Fine or tine3 (or of so much thereof respectively as may remain after deducing the Costs in the case aforesaid), shall be paid by every such Treasurer, on the Certificate herein after mentioned, to the Person or Persons who shall set up and work any licensed Still of less than One thousand Gallons Content, within any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, in which any such Fine shall have been levied: Provided always, that the Claim of every such Person shall be determined on and certified by the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Sessions, Whether held by Adjournment or otherwise within the County, County of a City or Town, wherein such Parish, Place, District or Division shall be situate; and in case more Persons than One shall claim such Moiety of any such Fine or Fines, such Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may prefer the Claim of the Person who shall have set up the Still of the fargeft Content; or shall and may divide such Moiety of such Fine or Fines among all the Claimant* entitled, in Shares to each, in Proportion to the Contents of their respective Stills; or shall and may adjudge the whole of such Moiety of any Fine or Fines to the Person who shall have first set up and worked a licensed Still in any such Parish, Place, District or Division, according as such Court shall in their Discretion think most conducive to the Encouragement of licensed, and the Discouragement of clandestine Distil-iation; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions to take such Security, as in the Judgment of such Court shall seem proper, that every Person who shall receive any such Fine or Fines, or any Portion thereof, shall continue to work his Still during any such Period, not less than Four Months in the Year, as such Court shall think reasonable, and which such Court shall direct accordingly; and if no such Certificate shall be made by such Justices at any Quarter Sessions within Six Months after the time when any such Fine or Fines shall have been levied, then and in such case One Fourth Part of such Fine (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Costs in the case aforesaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, into the Hands of the Collector of Excise for the District in which the Parish, Town-land, Manor or Lordship, off which such Fine shall be levied, shall be situate; and the remaining Fourth Part of such Fine (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Costs in the case aforesaid shall be paid by every such Treasurer, if in the County of Dvlltn*

or

77 S

6t County of the City of Dublin, to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society; and if in any other County, or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of such County,

Town or City, for the Use of the said Infirmary or Hospital, or for or towards erecting and maintaining one or more Ward or Wards for Idiots or Lunatics, or towards erecting and supporting Difpcnfariea for furnishing Medicines and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, in such Places within the County as the Grand Jury shall have presented Money for the Establishment of Dispensaries therein, as the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflkn# Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to direct that

all Cods which shall be incurred in prosecuting any such Information, Cost/aTlu-or so much thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper, shall cident*. be paid out of any Revenue under their Management, and to place the same under the Head of Incidents, without any Warrant in that behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner* Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, if they shall so think fit, of Exc*ff

to order the Collector of Excise of the DHlrift wherein any Fine as oa^anet0 j" aforesaid shall be imposed and be directed to be levied, to advance and formers Share pay out of any Public Money in his Hands the Share of any such of Fines.

Fine which is directed to be paid to such Officer by the Provisions of this Act; which Order every Collector of Excise is hereby required to obey, upon the same being sent or delivered to him, and upon such Officer producing to him a Certificate from the Clerk of The Crown, that such Fine was imposed and directed to be levied, and that such Officer did appear at the Assizes or Sessions pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Payment so Collector remade by any Collector of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Ac- bL -

counts; and that every Treasurer of a County, County of a Town County*o\tof or City, wherein any Collector shall have advanced and paid such sUfns itvied for Money as aforesaid, shall, on Demand made by or on behalf of the Fines. Collector who shall have made such Advance, or his Succedors, repay to him, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the full Amount of the Money so advanced, out of the First Monies he shall receive from the Person to whom he shall have issued his Warrant for levying such Fine; and the Receipt of such Collector shall be a sufficient Acquittal to such Treasurer; and every such Payment shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall give any Information of any Offence which by Law is declared to be a Misdemeanor, and whereby any Parish, Place, District or Division, or any House or Person within the same, shall be and become liable to any Fine, such Informer shall at the same time make Oath, and declare in such Information, whether or not he knows any of the Persont concerned in the committing of any such Offence, and if he does know such Persons, he shall declare their Names in such Informations; and the Magistrates before whom such Informations shall -be given, shall forthwith bind over such Informer to prosecute such Penons for a Misdemeanor according to the Laws in force in Ireland;

Informer shall declare if he knows Panics guilty, and be bound over to prosecute for Misdemeanor.

77/5

C. 150.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Warrant. Informer not giving Evidence.

Where Offender

conviif-d of Misdemeanor, Fine mitigated, payable to Informer, and giving up Right, no Fine implied.

and such Magistrate shall also issue his Warrant to apprehend such Persons, that they may be dealt with according to Law 5 and if such Informer shall not give Evidence again il such Person when brought to Trial, he shall not be entitled to receive any Part of any such Fine; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Offender shall have been tried and convicted for any Offence declared to be a Misdemeanor by any Act or Acts for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excise) of the Parish, Place, District or Division, in which the Place shall be situate where such Offence was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, before any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before whom any such Conviction shall be had, at any Assizea or Presenting Term shall fine such Parish, Place, District or Division, on account of such Offence, in One Half only of the Sums respectively hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, in the Sum of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings British Currency, in the first Instance; the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, in a second Instance; and the Sum of Thirty Pounds British Currency, in a third or any subsequent Instance, to be recovered and levied in like manner as is herein directed with respect to the other Fines hereinbefore mentioned; and the whole of such mitigated Fine or Sum shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to the Inhabitant who shall have so given such Information, and by whose Evidence such Conviction shall have bfeen had 5 and in case such Inhabitant shall (late in such Information, that he is willing to give up all Right in such Fine, if imposed, it shall not be lawful For such Court in such case to fine any such Parish, Place or District, on account of such Offence, in any Sum of Money whatever; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Evidence that

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Fact, that Place, &c. where the Parish, Place or District mentioned in any such Information, is foun<M* ^e Place, District or Division, within which the Place is

charged* situate where such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still,

Public Ceft or such Worm or Utensil for distilling, was so found or used, or

within a certain wherein any such Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, was or were so

Parish, sufficient found, shall be controverted in manner hereinbefore mentioned, Evi-Parish*1 dence may be given that the Place where such Still, or any Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil was found or used, or such Waftt, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings was or were found, has been charged with or paid some Grand Jury Cess or Parish Cess, as Part of the Parish, Place, District or Division mentioned in such Information; and such Evidence shall be deemed sufficient Proof for the Purposes of this Act, that such Place is actually situate within such Parish, Place, District or Division; and fu$h Parish, Place, District or Division, shall be charged with the Penalty under this Act accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Justice of the Peace shall take or receive any Information for any Offence relating to any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Waft, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, under the Drreftions and Provisions

Proof of Signing of information, and Notice by Justice.

777

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 150.

visions of this Act, or shall (ign any Notice of such Information, to be served upon the Inhabitants of any Parish, Place, District or Division, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, Proof of the Hand Writing of such Justice to such Information or Notice respectively, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that such Information was taken and so signed by fitch Justice, or that fuel! Notice was so signed by such Justice respectively as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Manner offerv-for the Person or Persons who ftmll be employed to serve any Notice in3 Notices, upon Two Inhabitants of any Parish, Place, District or Division,

under the Directions of this Act, to serve the same by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of each such Inhabitant, with any Person or Persons resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years; and if no Person shall appear at such House, on whom such Notice can be served, then the Person or Persons who shall be employed to serve the said Notice shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to post such Notice on the Door of such House, and they shall leave the same there polled 5 and every such Notice so served or ported,

shall be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Notice for proceeding under this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of the IfTrial it ap-Question whether the Parish, Place, District or Division, mentioned pears that

111 any such Information, or liable to be fined under this Act, is the Paril>1 &c. in Parishi, District or Division, within which the Place is situate where 1 * such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Offence Utensil for distilling, was so found or uled, or where any Wash, Pot was committed, Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were so found, the Judge of Jury to ascertain Assize or Court before whom the said Question shall be tried, shall Pdr, so>&c* direct the Jury, that in case they shall be of Opinion that such Place is not situate within the Parish, Place, District or Division, mentioned in such Information, or liable to be fined as aforesaid, they shall proceed to enquire on the Evidence of the Parties and Persons thea present, and to find and declare in what Parish, Place, District or Division, such Place is actually situate; and such Jury shall esquire and find and declare accordingly, or shall find and declare that they have not learned and do not know in what Parish, Place, District or Division, such Place is situate 5 and it shall be lawful for the informer may Informer who prosecuted such Information, to proceed de novo either proceed de novo, against the Parish, Place, District or Division, within which the Jury shall find and declare the Place where such Offence was committed to be situate, or against any Parish, Place, District or Division, within which such Informer shall, from the Evidence given at such Trial or otherwise, have reason to believe that the Place where such Offence was committed is situate, and to recover the Penalty for such Offence against any such Parish, Place, District or Division, at the then next enfiling Assizes or Presenting Term, in such manner, and under such Regulations, in all respects, as are hereinbefore mentioned and contained, with respect to the original Proceeding by such Informer; and upon the Trial of any Information for such Penalty, against any Parish, Place, District or Division, at such subsequent Assizes, the former Verdict or Finding of the Jury, that the Place mentioned in such Information, as the Place where such Offence was committed, wan situate within the Parish, Place, District or Division, so proceeded

A.D. xBi4*

C. i$o.

54 GEO. III.

Informer may apply to Justice to turrunon Collector, &c. of Grand Jury Cefe to attend at Place, and Ibew Pirish, &c. in Book of Applotment, See.

Churchwardens summoned to give Information of Parish in like manner.

Nonattendance of Collector.

Penalty

warden,

ceeded against, shall be Evidence that such Place was so situated, unless the same shall be disproved by other Evidence offered to controvert the same.

XVIII. And, for the more easily ascertaining the Parish, Place, Didrift or Division liable to any Fine under this Act, be it enacted, That whenever any Person shall find any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling, in manner hereinbefore mentioned, in any Place in Ireland, whereby the Parish, Place, Didrift or Division, in which the Place shall be situate where the same shall be used or found, may be subject to the Fine in this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so finding the same, to apply to the Justice of the Peace before whom Information of ftch Offence shall be given according to the Directions of this Act, or to any other Justice of the Peace, for a Summons; which Summons fuen Justice shall issue accordingly under his Hand, to any Person being, or having within Two Years preceding been, or whom such Informer shall have reason to believe is or has been a Collector, or employed by or under any Collector, in the levying and collecting of the Grand. Jury Cess in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which such Place shall be situate, commanding and requiring such Collector or other Person to attend the said Informer to the Place in which such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were found by such Informer, and there to (how, by the Books of Applotment in the Possession of such Collector or other Person, or otherwise to make known to such Informer, within what Parish, Townland, Quarterland, Manor, Lordship, or other Place, Didrift or Division whatsoever, the Limits of which shall be known or ascertained, the Place where such Still or other Articles was or were found, was lad charged, or charged at any time within Two Years preceding, with Grand Jury Cess $ and such Collector or other Person shall attend and (how or make known the same accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Person to make a like Application to such Justice for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish in which such Informer shall have reason to believe that the Place is situate in which any such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any such Worm or Utensil, or any such Walk, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings may be found by such Person, and also for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish next contiguous thereto; and such Justice shall issue such Summons and Notice, and such Churchwardens shall attend accordingly, and shall (how and make known to such Informer in what Parifit the said Place was lad charged to any Vedry or Parish Cess.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector dull neglect or refuse to attend in Obedience to such Summons, or shall withhold such Information as shall be so required of him under this Act, or shall knowingly give faHe Information touching the Matters aforesaid, such Collector or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds$ and if any Churchwarden or other Person (o summoned, shall so neglect or refuse to attend, or shall withhold any such Information! or mall knowingly give any faHe Information, such

Church-

719

A.D. 18t4> 54 GEO. III. 150.'

Churchwarden oir other Person {lull forfeit thfe Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like manner as any Penalty, under any Act or Acts in force relating to the Distillation of the Spirits of Ireland^ or to the Sale of the lame by Retail, may be recovered or applied under or by virtue of such Acts, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear upon the Trial of any Information, that any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for the distilling of Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been found or used in any House or Place on the Borders of any Two or more Parishes, Townlands, Places, Districts or Divisions, so that it cannot be ascertained within what Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, such House or Place is wholly or in pan licuate, the Court shall fine each and every Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, on the Border or Borders of any of which such House or Place, or any Part thereof,shall be situate, in a Penalty or Fine of Twenty five Pounds British Currency, in every Instance, and for every Offence, and to direct the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the said Parishes, Townlands, Places, Districts or Divisions, or any of them, shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Fine or tSum of Twenty five Pounds upon each and every such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, to be applotted upon and raised off each such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, in such manner, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as are herein after mentioned and contained.

XXII. And, for the better apportioning and Applotmerit of any such Fine imposed on any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Persons, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cess in any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, on which any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed by virtue of this Act, to post up, within Ten Days after such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, shall have been so fined, on the Door of the Church or other Place of Worship, or in any other conspicuous Place within such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, a Notice signed by themselves, requiring all Persons liable to pay Grand Jury Eels within such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, to meet on a

[Penalty.]

When illeqal Still is found on Borders of Two or more Town-land-., F*ne imposed on 1U

[Penalty.]

How Fine applotted on Parish, &c.

certain Day, not more distant than Thirty Days, nor nearer than Twenty Days, at some convenient Place within such Parish, Town-land, Place, District or Division, specified in such Notice, to applot the Sum or Sums in which such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, shall have been fined as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the Persons who shall meet pursuant to such Notice, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cess in such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, to applet all such Sums to be levied on the whole, or only on so much or such Parts of such Parish, Townland,

Place, District or Division, as they shall judge fit, always comprehending in such Applotment such Part of the Parish, Townland,

Place, District or Division only, as lies within the County where such Fine or Fines shall have been imposed, and always comprehending every Part thereof, so lying within such County, within One Mile of the; Place or Places where any Still, Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil, shall have been found or

used,

Collector to levy Fine according to Applotment, if delivered within 40 Days.

If no Applotment delivered. Fine levied off whole Parish, &c.

Where Parish, &c. borders on1 wo or more Counties, Pan inckided in County where Fine imposed liable to Fine.

In Market Towns, Fine* laid on Distillery and adjoining Houses.

C. 150. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

used, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wine* or Singling*, shall have been found, in respect whereof such Fine or Fines mall have been so imposed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That within Forty Days from the Day whereon any such Fine shall have been imposed, such Applotment shall be delivered to the Collector, or other Person empowered to collect the public Cess, signed by Five or more of the Persons applotting the same, verified by Affidavit sworn by them before a Magistrate, which Affidavit any Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer, and which shall be to the Import following; that is to say, " That such Applotment has been made at a Meeting held under the Provisions of this Act, and that every Person who has signed the same is, to the bed of their Belief and Judgment, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess in such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, and that such Applotment is fairly and impartially made, to the bed of their Skill and Judgment, upon the whole or such Parts of the said Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, as are comprised within such Applotment and there' upon every such Collector or other Person shall levy the Amount of such Fines, agreeably to such Applotment, upon the Persons, and in the Amount upon each Person respectively named therein, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Person refilling or neglecting to pay; and in case no such Applotment shall be > made and delivered within Forty Days as aforesaid, such Collector or other Person shall and may, and he is hereby required, to levy the Penalty or Penalties so imposed as aforesaid, off the whole of such Parish, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, or off such Part of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, as is situate within the County, the Treasurer whereof shall have issued the Warrant, in like manner and with like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment oif a Grand Jury.

XXIV. And, in order to avoid all Doubts and Difficulties, in cases where any Parish, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division' shall be situate in Two or more Counties, be it further enacted, That such Part of any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division as is situate within the County, County of a Town or City, wherein any Fine shall be imposed, shall be deemed and considered as the Parish, Town-land, Place, District or Division made liable to Fines in respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utensil for diddling so found or used therein, or in respect of any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings found therein, and proceeded against under the Provisions of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where under this Act the Court at any Affixes or Presenting Term shall fine any Parish, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, being situated in part or in the whole within any Market Town or City in Ireland* in any Sum of Money, on account of any unlicensed Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place in such Parish, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, situate within any such Market Town or City, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town,dthm

which

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

C150..781,

which such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the whole of such Fine or Sum of Money off the Distillery, House or Place in which such unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale,

Low Wines or Singlings, were found or used, and off such Housea and Places as shall be adjoining to such Distillery, House or Place 5 and such Fine or Sum shall in such case be applotted upon and raised off such Distillery, House or Place, and such Houses or Places adjoining, exclusive of any other Part of such Parish, Townland, Place,

[Proviso.]

District or Division, in such manner and according to such Rul?s and Regulations as are herein after contained: Provided always, that if no such Applotment, or no Sufficient Applotment shall be made on such Distillery, House or Place, and the Houses or Places So adjoining, such Fine shall be levied off the whole Parish, Townland, Place,

DistriA or Dnrifion, as is by this Act directed in cases where uo Applotment is made in other Instances under this Act.

[Proviso.]

XXVI. And, in order to reimburse the Several Inhabitants or Landholders in any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division upon or by whom any Penalty shall have been levied or paid by virtue of any Warrant from any Treasurer as aforesaid, in respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, so found as aforesaid, be it enacted, That it shall and Fine re-im-may be lawful for any one Inhabitant or Landholder in any Parish, blir, 'ed 10 Inba-Townland, Place, District or Division, who shall have paid any Such ^nt*by Penalty, or any Part thereof, to proceed by Civil Bill on behalf of cn er* the whole Parish, Townland, Place, DiitriA or Division, at any time within Three Years from the time when any such Penalty was paid, against the Person or Persons who was or were the Owner or Owners of the unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utensil, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, on account of which any such Penalty was so levied or paid, or against the Person or Persons who made use of the same, or against the Person or Persons in whose Tenement the same was seized, for the Recovery of the whole of the Money so paid by the Inhabitants or Landholders of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, oh account of such Penalty; and any such Inhabitant or Landholder who shall first proceed in manner aforesaid for the Recovery of such Money, shall recover the Amount of the Penalty or Money so paid by such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, in the same manner as any Debt or Demand in ordinary cases recoverable by Civil Bill may be recovered and levied, together with full Costs; and the Money so recovered shall be paid to the Person filing for the same, and shall be by him applied in repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Penalty, in such manner as the Judge of Assize, Recorder, Chairman or Assistant Barrister, before whom such Recovery shall be had, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no Sum of Money shall be recovered in manner aforesaid, on behalf of any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, by more than One Person, on account of! one and the same Penalty so levied on any such Parish, Townland, Place, District

3y

78a C. 150. 54 GEO. IJL

Treasurers to account at Affix e-. for Receipt and Application t Fines im-polVd for illegal bulls.

Exceptions.

Treasurer sued for Share of Fine, subject to Treble Calls.

or Division; and that if more Persons than One shall proceed by Civil Bill, on account of one and the same Penalty, the Recorder, Chairman or Assistant Barrister, or Judge of Aisize, shall dismiss the Bill of every Person so proceeding, except that of the Person who shall have first proceeded in manner aforesaid on account of Inch Penalty.

XXVII. And, for securing the more regular and speedy Application, by the Treasurers of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns, in Ireland, of all such Fines imposed at the several Assizes or Presenting Terms, on Parishes, Townlands, Places, Districts or Divisions, or on any House, Place or Person within the same, under the Provisions of this Act, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge, at any Assizes or Presenting Term in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to fiat any Preferment for the Salary of, or for any Per Centage or Allowance payable to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or Town, unless such Treasurer shall at such Assizes or Presenting Term produce to such Court or Judge, upon Oath, which Oath such Court or Judge is hereby empowered and required to administer, a full, separate and true Account of the Receipts and Payments by such Treasurer, on account of all such Fines as shall have been imposed on any PanJh, Townland, Place, District or Division, or on any House, Place or Person within the same, under the Provisions of this Act, at any preceding Assizes for such County, County of a City or Town (or Presenting Term, if for the County of Dublin), and as shall not have been previously paid and accounted for by such Treasurer, nor unkfs it shall appear by such Account, that no Part of the Monies received by him on account of such Fines remains in his Hands unapplied; except in cases where the same has not been demanded of him, or at his Office, by the Persons entitled to receive the same; all which cases shall be verified by the said Treasurer on Oath; and except in cases where it shall appear that an Information has been lodged against the Seizing Officer for fraudulent Practices, in any which case it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to withhold the said Sum or Sums so claimed by the said Officer, until such Information shall be tried or otherwise disposed of; and in case the said Seizing Officer shall be convicted thereon, such Treasurer shall pay over every such Sum and Sums to the Churchwardens of such Parish, or to some one Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, to be distributed to and among the Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Fines.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall at any time be brought or commenced against any Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in IreUmd, by any Officer of Excise, or by any other Person or Persons* or by or on behalf of the Governors of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of lay County, Town or City, or by or on behalf of the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue, or by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Share or Proportion of any such Fines imposed under the Direction of this Act* which such Officer or Person, or Governors of such County Infirmary or Hospital, or Society, or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors*

may

A.D. 1814.

7?3

54 GEO. III. C150.

may by Law be entitled to receive or recover, or for any Costs which ought by Law to be paid by such Treasurer out of any Money in his Hands arising from any such Fine; and if the Plaintiff in such Action shall obtain a Verdict or Judgment against such Treasurer, such Plaintiff shall be entitled to his or their Treble Costs, to he awarded against such Treasurer, and to be recovered in such manner as Costs may by Law be recovered against any Defendant.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge, at any Assizes (or at any Presenting Term, if in the City of Dublin), to discharge any Ouere on any Presentment for any Poundage or Wages of any Collector, or High Constable acting as a Collector, for any Barony, Half Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town; or to allow in the Accounts of the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town, any Sum of Money on account of any Poundage or Wages of any such Collector or High Constable; nor shall any such Collector or High Constable, in his Accounts with the Treasurer of the Sums levied by him, detain, keep or claim Credit to his own Use, for any Sum, by way of Poundage or Wages, for any Money which he shall have collected since the preceding Assizes or Presenting Term, unless such Treasurer shall certify to the Court, under his Hand, that such Collector or High Constable h?-s, before the Commission Day of such Assizes (or the First Day of such Presenting Term) collected, and that such Collector has at some time during such Assizes or Presenting Term paid to such Treasurer the full Amount of all such Fines imposed on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship under this Act, as such Collector shall have been authorized or required to collect by any Warrant of any such Treasurer, which shall have been issued at any time after the Assizes or Presenting Term then next preceding: Provided always, that every such Collector or High Constable, who shall have duly collected and paid the full Amount of all such Fines as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, and be allowed such and the like Poundage on the Collection of such Fiuet, as such Collector or High Constable is by Law entitled to receive or be allowed, for the Collection of any Money levied under any Presentment of any Grand July.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting Term, to order the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorise the Payment or Application of any Sum of Money upon or in pursuance of any such Affidavit, for the making or repairing of any Road, or for the building or repairing of any Bridge (other than and except only a Mail Coach Road, and any Bridge or Bridges thereon), or for the building or repairing of any Sessions House or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on any Public Building or other Public Work whatsoever (other than and except only Gaofc and Hospitals or Infirmaries), in any Barony or Half Barony, or in any City or Town within which any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division shall be fituale, on which any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed under this Act, at any previous Assizes or Presenting Term, unless and until it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge, on such Evidence on Oath or otherwise as such Court or Judge shall think fit to require, that all and ever*

Collectors not to receive Poundage or Wages, unless they have collected all Fines.

Collector may receive Poundage on Fines duly levied.

Morey not to be applied to public Purposes in any Berony (except Mail Coach Roids, Sec.) until all Fines under At\ levied.

Whenever Sura raised in any Parish, kc. is equal to Sums leviable for Fines therein, to be applied in Payment ofluch Fines, and then the other Sums applied to public Purposes of Baiony.

Placing unlicensed Still, or guilty of any fraudulent Practice, whereby TowuLuids, kc. become liable to Fine*.

[Penalty.]

JhroviTo.

C. 150. 54eGE<XIII. A.D. 1814.

such Fines or Fine have been duly and fully levied upon and off such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division respectively; any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever it shall be made appear to such Court or Judge, that the whole of the Sums which shall have been levied on any such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, by virtue or in pursuance of any Presentment of any Grand Jury, for any Roads, Bridges or other Public Works whatever, within such Parish, Townland or other Division, shall be equal to or greater than the Sums which ought by Law to have been levied on or off such Parish, Townland, District or Division, on account of such Fine or Fines imposed under this Act, as shall not have been duly and fully levied therein, it shall be lawful for the said Court or Judge to order and direct that the Amount of all Sums so levied on such Parish, Townland, District or Division, or so much thereof as shall be requisite, shall be applied in Payment and Satisfaction of all or any such Fines or Fine, and that the same shall be paid, applied and distributed accordingly; and the same shall be paid, applied and distributed accordingly, by the Treasurer of the County, City or Town, within which such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, shall be situate; and the Remainder (if any) of the Sums levied under or in pursuance of such PresentmenU, shall be applicable to the Purposes of such Preferments; and then and in such case, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to discharge such accounting Affidavits as aforesaid, and to fiat or authorize the Payment and Application of the several Sums of Money upon or in pursuance of such Affidavits, as such Court or Judge might have done, if this Act had not been had or made-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever (other than a Revenue Officer) shall leave in or bring into or place in any House or Place whatever, any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, or shall be guilty of any other Colloffon or fraudulent Practice whatever, whereby any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, or any House or Houses, or any Person or Persons in such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, shall or may be or become liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty whatever under this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid to the Person suing for the same 5 and in case such Person shall be an Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, the Money so recovered shall be by him applied in repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Fine, in such manner as the Judge or Court, before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no such Penalty shall be recovered by more than One Person, on account of one and the same Offence; and that if more Persons than one shall proceed for such Penalty, the same shall be recovered by the Person who shall have first proceeded for the same, in manner herein after mentioned and directed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be an Officer appointed by or acting under' the Coxpnufffonm

or

Officer for Collusion to tine Town lands.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 150.

78$

of Inland Excite and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall be guilty of any Coilufion or fraudulent Practice whatever, whereby any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, or any House or Person, within such Parish, Townland,

Place, District or Division, shall become liable to the Payment of any such Fine under this Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid and applied in such manner as is hereinbefore directed by this Act with respect to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds again (I any Person, other than a Penalty. Revenue Officer committing a like Offence; and such Officer so found guilty, shall be and he is hereby rendered and declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever.

Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXIII. And, for the Recovery of the said respective Penalties Penalties ho.v of Five hundred Pounds, be it enacted, That it shall and may be recovered, lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess in the

Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, upon which, or upon any House or Person within which any Fine or Penalty is to be imposed in consequence of any such Coilufion or fraudulent Practice, to appear at the Assizes or Presenting Term, at which any such Fine or Penalty is to be imposed on such Parish, Townland, Place,

District or Division, or on any House or Person within the same, or at any subsequent Assizes, and there to prove the Fad of such Coilufion or fraudulent Practice; and the Court, at such Assizes or Presenting Term, shall try, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads so offered to be proved, in the same manner as the Traverse to any Presentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried; and if the Fad of such Coilufion or fraudulent Practice shall be proved, such Court shall give Judgment for the Recovery of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds against the Officer or Person so found guilty of such Coilufion or fraudulent Practice, and shall sentence the Officer or Person so guilty to the Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Person so proceeding for the Recovery of the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to order and direct that the Officer or Person so found guilty, shall [mprisonmn % be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and there be imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Fine or Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the insuring against Commencement of this Act, if any Person whatsoever shall insure, or Fines on take or agree to take, or receive any Sum of Money, or Security Parishes, &c. for Money, or Deposit for the Insurance of, or be in any way concerned in any Partnership, Fellowship Club, Office or Society

for the Insurance or Indemnity of any Parish, Townland, Place,

District or Division, or of any Person or Persons, against or from the paying of any Money for or towards the discharging of any

Fine which may be imposed on any Parish, Townland, Place, District

or Division, or on any of the Inhabitants thereof, under this Act

or if any Person or Persons shall pay or give, or cause to be paid '

or given to any other Person or Persons, any Money, or any Security,

Obligation or Undertaking to pay any Money, or shall make any 54 GEO. III. b 3E 7 Deposit

7 o6

Mil'demeanor.

Imprisonment.

Parishes in Vcllry may appoint Inspectors to prosecute for Offences in illegal Diihllation, &c.

Oath of Ift-spe&or*.

Parities may rail'c aoL a Year for In-spedors, &c.

Commencement

Ad.

C. 150. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Deposit with such Person or Persons, as an Indemnity or Security against, or to be applied in the Payment and Satisfaction of any such Fine, or in any way to indemnify such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any of them, against the Payment of any such Fine or any Part thereof, then and in every such case every Person concerned or engaged in any such Insurance or other Transaction aforesaid, as well the Person who shall so insure, or who shall pay any Deposit, as the Person who shall accept, take or receive any such Sum of Money or Deposit, or any such Security, Obligation, Undertaking or Indemnity as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a J Mifdeinennor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace* residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, such Person shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the same 5 and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on any such Person as may by Law be iu-flicEted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors.

XXXV. And Whereas it may tend to the Suppression of illicit Distillation, if Parishes were allowed to appoint certain Persons for the Purpose of discovering and preventing such Practices; Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, h shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish, at the Desire of any Two Inhabitants of such Parish, to convene a Vestry for the Purpose of electing one or more Person or Persons, for the Purpose of discovering and prosecuting all Offences against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating and Teeming the Collodion of the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons so chosen, and who shall consent to ad, shall take the following Oath before any one Magistrate or Justice of Peace; which Oath such Magistrate or Justice ot Peace is hereby empowered to administer:

' T do swear, That so long as I shall hold the Office to which

I have been elected, for the rarish of

I will use my utmost Endeavours to prevent and suppress all illicit Distillation of Spirits within the said Parish, and to prosecute and convict any Person or Persons concerned in such Practices.

So help me God.9

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Parishioners of such Parish in Vestry so assembled, to assess such Parish to the Amount of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds in any one Year, to be applied in the indemnifying of focn Inspectors for their Trouble and Expence; and also for the Purpose of carrying into Execution this present Act, and all other Act for the Prevention and Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and be in force and take effect from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the passing thereof, and not sooner.

10

C. 151.

7$7

54 GEO. III.

CAP. CLI.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Act now in force for regulating the Office

of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia requires Amendment; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions

contained in the said Act should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made;

and it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid that the said Act

should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Fifty second 5* G 3- c. 15a.

Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed rePeahd.

in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local

Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, shall be

and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General shall Agent General be, and is hereby authorized and empowered to apply for Money for to apply for the Militia when disembodied, the Local Militia and Volunteers, or Money for any other Service or Services to which he may have been or shall Militia, &c. be authorized by the Secretary at War to act as Agent General, in the same manner as the Monies required for such Services have hither to been applied for through the Secretary at War, and the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War for Secretary at the time being shall approve of and authorize the Issues of such Sums rizeVfaes b " for the said Services as he may deem proper, by Warrants addressed Warrants ad-to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Foroes, in which drcifed to Pay-Warrants the Secretary at War shall specify for what particular mailer General, Service or Services the said Money is wanted; and the said Pay- w master General shall in all Memorials to be by him presented to the 10 re*mr>'-Treasury for Money for such Services, pray that such Sum as is required may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum required, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by their Letter from time to time shall direct Accounts the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company opened at Bank, of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Force?, naming such Paymaster General for the time being, the Sum specified in such Letter upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General, for which the Receipt of the Caftiier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Treasury shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the

3 E 2 Bank

788

Custorrmy Fees only allowed.

A cent General empowered to accept Bills authorized by Secretary at Mar.

Agent General to draw on Bank for Payment of Salaries and Allowances t Persons in his Office.

C. i ji. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Bank of England, and not to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be placed to Uie Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled The Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Foroes, 0 inserting the Name of such Paymaster General for the time being; and the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being shall and is hereby required to write off or transfer all such Sums as shall be so placed to his Account as aforesaid, to the Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Agent General for the Disembodied Militia, Local Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence Acts which Account the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open, in which Transfer and Account shall beinferted the Name of such Agent General for the time being; for which Sums so written off or transferred the Receipt of the said Agent General shall be a sufficient Discharge in the Accounts of the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

IV. And be it farther enabled, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what has been usually paid upon Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the Form or Custom of transacting Business between the Exchequer Pay Office and Bank severally.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General for the Disembodied Militia, Local Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence Acts for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorized by the said Agent General to accept all Bills of Exchange which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of Disembodied Militia, Volunteers or Local Militia, or other Persons duly authorized by the Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England, and every such Bill shall specify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no Bill so accepted shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company unless the Service for which it is drawn shall be specified thereon, and unless it shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company; and the Money so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on Account of the said Agent General shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Public Services for which his said Account is opened, and in pursuance of Bills of Exchange drawn upon the said Agent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Bills, or their Order or Orders, according to the usual Course in respect of Bilb of Exchange.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from time to time to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as the Secretary at War shall deem proper, for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Persons employed in his Office, and for such Sums as shall be necessary for Payments on the Petty Accounts of the said Office, and the said Agent General

shall

789

54 GEO. III. C. 151.

shall not draw any Draft or Check upon the Bank of England unless he shall have been so authorized; and no Draft or Check whatever shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company unless they shall have received a Letter from the Secretary at War desiring that the same may be paid; and the said Agent General is hereby required to render an annual Account of all Sums so drawn out of the Bank for the Payment of such Salaries and Expences of his Office, with the proper Vouchers for the actual Payment of the same to the Secretary at War, who shall cause the said Accounts to be examined, and when found correct shall duly pass the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Accounts shall be kept Bank to keep by the Bank of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paid Account, through the said Agent General for the time being for Public Services, and the said Agent General observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money

which he shall not actually receive or which shall not be actually drawn for by him or paid upon the Bills accepted by him or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons authorized by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for such Public Services.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money re- Agent General

ceived by the said Agent General for Public Services shall be imme- to pay Money diately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his received by him

Account there in manner aforesaid 5 and such Money shall be issued, lnt0

paid and applied in such and the like manner and under the same Regulations and Restrictions as the Money to be issued for such

Services is herein directed to be issued, paid and applied under the Directions of the Secretary at War.

IX. And, in order that the Secretary at War may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Caffi in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on Account of the said Agent General, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Necessity and Propriety of further Issues 5 and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Public Money in the Hands of the said Governor

and Company, be it enacted, That once in every Month, or oftener if Monthly State-required, such Agent General or his Deputy, shall (late to the Secre- ment of Balance tary at War, the Sum Total of the Public Money on Account of the delivered to said Agent General in the Hands of the Governor and Company, ^"CUry attogether with an Account of all outstanding Drafts or Bills with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resigna- On Death or lion or Removal of any Agent General for Disembodied Militia, Re fi xat ion of X^ocal Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence Acts, the Batance A^nt General, of Caffi which shall at that time remain at the Credit of his Account a Jnce  or Accounts, as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall as soon as a Successor shall be appointed actually veil in such Successor in Trust for the Public Services for which the same were issued, and shall forthwith be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Services in the manner hereinbefore directed; and the succeeding Agent General shall and he is hereby directed and required to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and to

3 E 3 accept

to veil in Successor, who shall accept Bills for unsatisfied Demands, &c.

79

A.D. 1814.

C. 15i. 54 GEO. III.

Frovifa

Accounts of Agent General kept separate from his Predecessor's.

Quietus.

Monthly Account lent to Secretary at War.

accept Bills as aforesaid for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of Public Services, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any preceding Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which may have been accepted by such preceding Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, shall be paid from the said Accounts by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, notwithstanding the Death, Resignation or Removal of such Agent General: Provided always, that such succeeding Agent General shall not be held accountable for any Sum or Sums of Money which may be issued upon such outstanding Bills, notwithstanding the Payment of the same may take place after the Date of his Appointment, but the Agent General so dying or going out of Office, his Heirs and Executors, shall be charged with the Total Amount of all such outstanding Bills so accepted by him or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, and which may have been or shall be so paid by any succeeding Agent General; and all Bills, Drafts or Orders so paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for such Acceptances as aforesaid, shall be delivered by such Agent General so going out of Office, or by the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General dying, as his or their own proper Vouchers, and shall be delivered by him or them to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal of any such Agent General within the Year the Accounts shall he so made up, as to include and difbn-guish the actual Payments made on the Bills accepted by each Agent General, or by his Deputy or Deputies, or the Person or Persons duly authorized by them or either of them respectively within the Year and to specify and distinguish the respective Balances (if any) remaining on the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General on his several Accounts as aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Agent General, so as to enable the Commissioneri for auditing the Public Accounts to distinguish each Account, and to examine and declare the Accounts of any Agent General so dying or going out of Office as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Agent General shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General so dying or going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances, and a Quietus and full Acquittance shall he given to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General so dying, or to the Agent General, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators so going out of Office, for his Account or Accounts as aforesaid, when and as soon as the same shall have been examined and declared, and the succeeding Agent General shall become charged with the Balance so transferred as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for the time being shall transmit to the Secretary at War Monthly Accounts applicable to each separate Head of Service, of all his Receipts and Payments; that is to say, of all Sums received by him and placed to his Account, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the one Hand, and of all Sums paid therefrom on the other, whether by Bills of Exchange accepted by the said Agent General or by Drafts drawn by him; and

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 151. 79T

also a separate and correct Lift of all the Sums so drawn out of the Bank, by him as aforesaid within the Month, and shall specify the Authorities under which the same were drawn; and that the Secretary at War shall cause such Accounts and Lifts to be checked by the Books of his Department, and if the same shall be found correds, shall return such Lifts certified accordingly, specifying in such Certificate the Amount authorized to be paid or drawn out by such Agent General.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General Annual Ac-shall make up annual Accounts, ending on the Twenty fourth Day counts maJe of December in each Year, applicable to each separate Head of out*

Service, of all Monies received and Payments made by him, whether

by Bill or Draft as aforesaid, within the Period of the said Accounts respectively 5 in which Accounts the said Agent General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England, from the Account of the preceding Agent General, or with the Balance brought forward from his own Account for the Year preceding (as the case may be), and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account 5 and the said Agent General shall state on the Credit Side of such Account the Amount of each of his Monthly Lifts of Payments as hereinbefore mentioned, which shall have been duly certified by the Secretary at War. x

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the General Annual Ac- Accountsnd counts of the Agent General for the time being, so made up as afore- Vouchers said, together with the separate Monthly Lifts of Sums drawn out trnnt'mitied to of the Bank as hereinbefore mentioned, certified by the Secretary at missoners War, with the Bills of Exchange and Drafts or Checks actually paid count*.^ C" by the Bank of England; which Bills and Drafts or Checks shall be considered the proper Vouchers for the Sums contained in the said Lifts, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty fourth Day. of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, with the lead possible Delay, after the Receipt of any such Account, whether the same shall have been delivered prior to the passing of this Act or subsequent thereto, to examine or cause to be examined the same, and to discharge the said Agent General of all Sums paid or drawn out of the Bank of England, whether by Bills accepted, or by Drafts or Checks drawn by the said Agent General, in pursuance of the Authority of the Secretary at War 5 and the said Commissioners shall, after such Examination, present or cause to be presented to the proper Office for Declaration, the said Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount discharged by the said Vouchers* and by the Certificates of the Secretary at War as aforesaid, and the Amount with which the Agent General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year on account of Balances (if any) remaining on such Accounts as aforesaid; and when such Accounts so discharged as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Quietus. Form shall be made out to the said Agent General, his Heir9, Executors and Administrators, for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, Books of Ac-and all Vouchers whatever, kept in the Office of the said Agent count to re-General, shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Dif- mam lD office* posal of the Agent General to take and dispose of the same as his

3 E 4 private

792 C. 151, 152. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Forcing, kc. Name, &c. of Agent General.

Bill of Exchange, &c.

Death.

Bills drawn on

undamped

Paper.

private and proper Books of Accounts and Vouchers: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Person who hath exercised the Office of Agent General, or his or their Execu. tors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Person or Persons authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, nor to prevent the Transmission of the Vouchers in due time to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad. or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General for the time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft or Instrument in Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the said Agent General; and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bin of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever; every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders, drawn upon the said Agent General, on account of the Public Services for which he is or may be authorized to act as Agent General; and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders, by which any Sums of Money whatsoever are remitted to the Bank of England, or to the said Agent General, for Public Services, may and shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon unstamped Paper;

in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwith-

CAP. CLII.

any tnin Handing

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Making, Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that so much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 11 G. 3. c. 61. 4 King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the making*

keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes as is herein after mentioned, mould be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fune.

793

54 GEO. III. C. i153.

same, That so much of the said Act as enacts, That no Person shall 21. load, take in, carry or convey, in any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage laden with Gunpowder, or in any Barge, Boat or Vessel laden with Gunpowder, on any River ^except in the case of Vessels laden with Gunpowder for Importation from or Exportation to Places beyond Sea or going Coastwise^, any other Lading of any Kind whatsoever, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. in part repeald.

CAP. CLIII.

An Act to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign 10 Ann. c. 19.

of Her Majesty Queen Aline, and by an Act made in the

Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled C'

An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard and Glared Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it is enacted, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, so much Money as shall from time to time be paid for the Duties of

Excise by the said Act granted for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the Printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland\

or any of them, by Permimon of the Principals of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back in manner therein mentioned 4 4 And Whereas the Allowance of Duty so made has been by the Chief Managers of the Press in certain of the said Universities in Scotland allowed to various Booksellers in London, and elsewhere,

whose Publications were printed at the Press of such Chief Managers of the Press of the said Universities, and who were not by Law authorized in any manner to receive the same, by meant whereof the Printers of London and elsewhere have been greatly injured, and the Revenue diminished, contrary to the Spirit and Intention of the said Acts made for the Encouragement of Learning as aforesaid For Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present'

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Manager of from and after the passing of this Act, nothing in this or in any former Press in Univer-Act or Acts of Parliament contained shall entitle any Manager of the Cues not entitled Press in either of the said Universities to any Drawback or Allow-  Drawback on ance of Duty payable upon the Paper in the Printing any Books in, n

the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, unless the Chief jj.s in i, atin> Manager of the Press in such Universities shall. Forty eight Hours kc. unless 48 before any such Paper is begun to be printed, give to the proper Of- Hours Notice ficer of Excise a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such ^vfn.before Paper, specifying the Number of Reams of such Paper, the Title of .M1*"nVunleft the Book intended to be printed, and of how many Copies such Edi- he complies with tion is to consist; nor unless all such Paper shall on such Officer's other Particulars. Attendance be produced to him inclosed in the original Wrappers in which the same was charged with Duty, with the Impression of the Officer's Stamp and his Name, with the Date of the Charge of the Duty and the Class of such Paper remaining on such Wrappers; nor unless such Chief Managers shall provide sufficient Scales and Weights, and permit and assist such Officer to use the same, for ascertaining

194

Manacer tafub* fcribc an Oath, that Edition is for Use of University.

Drawback sub-jecfc to former Provisions.

46 G. 3. C. 89.

the Weight of such Paper; nor unless they shall within One Month after the whole of such Edition shall have been printed off give to the proper Officer of Excise Forty eight Hours Notice in Writing thereof, and thereupon such Officer shall attend and examine and weigh the whole of such Edition unbound and in Sheets, and thereupon give to such Chief Manager a Certificate of his having so done, specifying the Name of the Book, the Size thereof, the Number of Copies of which the Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which it is printed, but if such Weight shall exceed the f Weight of the Paper taken account of by the Officer previous to the Printing, such lad mentioned Weight shall be inserted in the Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Allowance shall be made for Paper used in the Printing such Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages within the said Universities, unless the Chief Managers of the Press in such Universities shall subscribe at the Foot of such Certificate an Oath in Writing made before the Vice Chancellors of the same, that the whole of the said Edition of the Book so printed is printed for the Use and Behoof of the Universities respectively, for which the same express to be printed, and that no Bookseller or other Person hath any Share or Interest therein, or in the Drawback payable thereon; which Certificate and Oath shall be produced to the Commissioners of Excise, or any Two of them, without which the said Commissioners shall not be and are not authorized to cause Payment to be made of such Monies as the Duties for the Paper so used shall amount to.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Allowance of the said Drawback shall be and the same hereby is made subject and liable (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions to which the same was subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force before the making of this Act.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several ABs for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for con/oBdating and rendering more cjfeQual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament,

the Commissioners thereby appointed are empowered to purchase for the Purposes thereof all the Ground, Houses and Buddings situate within certain Limits thereby prescribed, and with such Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as therein mentioned, to purchase*all such other Ground, Buildings, Houses and Pxnmfes as they

may think proper for the Purposes of the same Act: And

Whereas, by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the 48 G.3. Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Dean and Chapter of the 1

Collegiate Church of Saint Peter of Westminster to demise or lease

to the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or to any Three of them, as therein mentioned, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to take Effect in Pof-

felion all oi* any Part or Parts of the Ground, Houses and Buildings in the said reciting Act described or mentioned, and which are situate near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament,

subject to the Restrictions therein mentioned 5 and the said Com-2

missioners were, by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, empowered to make such further Purchases for the Improvements aforesaid as therein mentioned: And Whereas,

by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said 50 G. 3. 4 present Majesty for further amending and enlarging the Powers of $ 1 4 the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, it

was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Dean and Chapter, in manner therein mentioned, to demise or lease unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land

Revenues for the time being, or to the Person or Persons for the time being executing the Office of Surveyor General of Crown

Lands, all the Pieces or Parcels of Ground authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be demised by the said

Dean and Chapter to the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which Pieces or Parcels of Land or

Ground are Part of the Possessions of the said Dean and Chapter,

and are also Part of the Hereditaments particularly described in

the Form of a Lease written or contained in the Schedule to the

now reciting Act; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground situate in the said Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, being Parts and Parcels of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of the Commissioners of the aforesaid Acts were no longer to be used as such, but were to be taken into the new Plan

of Building authorized by the said Acts; which last mentioned

Pieces or Parcels of Ground were the Residue of the Hereditaments particularly described in the said Form of a Lease contained 4, in the said Schedule, save and except out of the said Indenture of Lease so to be granted, all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground, being

Part of the Possessions of the said Dean and Chapter, which by Order of the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year were to be laid into and to form Part of the new Streets,

Lanes and Ways to be made and set out by Order of the said Commissioners. To hold the said Premises thereby authorized to be dcmifed, with their Appurtenances, unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Person or Persons for the time being for executing that Office, for the Term of Ninety six Years, to be computed from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, at the yearly Rents of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six

pence $ Forty Shillings; and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and c Light pence; and under and subject to the Covenants* Condition#

and

7 95

c.ij;

C.II9.

A.D. 1814.

79S C. 154. 54 GEO. III.

i

Indenture,

July, 19, 18x0.*

and Agreements prescribed by the said Form of a Lease contained in the said Schedule; and that upon Tender by the said Dean and

Chapter of a Lease purfuaftt to the said Form, and duly executed by them under their Common Seal unto the last mentioned Commissioners, or the Person or Persons for the time being executing the said Office, it should and might be lawful to and for them,

and they were thereby directed and required to accept and take such Lease, and to execute a Counterpart thereof; and for the

Purposes aforesaid the last mentioned Commissioners were by the said last mentioned Act constituted a Corporation by the Name of

44 The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenuesand it was by the said Act further enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, and they were thereby empowered to grant to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, a Lease of all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground with the Two Messuages thereon situate and being on the South Side of Great George Street, one of which Messuages was then lately used as the Adjutant General's 4 Office, and the other of which Messuages was occupied by Richard Frewin Esquire, which said Piece or Parcel of Ground is in the Plan or Ground Plot, annexed to the Form of the Lease written or contained in the Schedule to the same Act, marked or distinguished by a Green Colour, for a like Term of Ninety six Years,

From the said Twenty fifth Day of March then last, upon such Fine

and at such Rents as should thereafter be agreed upon by and between the said Dean and Chapter and the same Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid: And Whereas by an Indenture of Lease bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and made between the then Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Feter Westminster and the

Chapter of the same Church of the one Part, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues of the other Part, the said Dean and Chapter, pursuant to and in the Exercise

of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said last mentioned Act, did demise, grant and to farm let, unto the said Commissioners and their Successors, all those their several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Margaret and The Sanctuary, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, whereon formerly flood divers Messuages or Tenements, Erections

and Buildings then pulled down by the Commissioners named m

and appointed under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty

sixth Year aforesaid, or by and under their Authority and Direction, which said Pieces or Parcels of Land were thereinafter particularly mentioned and described 5 that is to say, All that Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, abutting North partly on a Street called Great George Street, and partly on the Backs of Houses, or the Yards and Out buddings of Houses situate and being in Great George Streets abutting South on a Street theretofore

called Thieving Lane, but then called Bow Street5 East on a Street called King Street, and West partly on the Houses and Outbuildings belonging thereto situate in Great George Street aforesaid, and partly on a Street called Little George Street, referring nevertheless out of the aforesaid demised Ground a good, sufficient and copious

Way

797

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 154.

Way or Passage to and from The Stable Yard* used in Common

by the Tenants of the said Dean and Chapter, together with free

Ingress, Egress and Regress, to and for the said Tenants and their

Assigns, their Servants, Workmen, Agents and others with their

Leave, or by their Authority, with Horses, Coaches, Carts and

other Carriages, as the same had theretofore been used and enjoyed

by the Tenants or Lessees of the said Dean and Chapter, all which

Piece or Parcel of Ground had been theretofore demised or leased to William Rock, Archibald Edmonstone, and Thomas Duckett and

*David Watson, by Fourteen several Indentures of Lease; And also

all that their other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in The Sanctuary, in the Parish of Saint Margaret aforesaid,

abutting on Bow Street aforesaid on the North, partly on a Place called The Little Sanctuary, within The Sanctuary aforesaid, and partly on a Freehold Tenement on the South and West, and on

King Street aforesaid on the East, all which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground had been theretofore demised to Joseph Henley and others, George Nijbett, Nathaniel Barlow and others,

and Samuel Tanjley, by Four several Indentures of Lease; And also all that their other Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying and ' being in The Sanctuary aforesaid, abutting partly on The Little

Sanauary aforesaid, and partly on a Freehold on the North and West, and on other Part of The Sanctuary aforesaid on the South

and East, all which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground had been theretofore demised to William Freestone, Esau Marsh,

John Elliott and Sir John Call, and Edward Taylor, and Catherine Feary, by Four several Indentures of Lease; And also all that their other Piece or Pareel, situate, lying and being in Bow Street aforesaid, adjoining on the East next to certain Premises granted by Bargain and Sale by the said Dean and Chapter to certain Commissioners for erecting a SefGons House for the City and Liberty of Westminster, under and by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His 4* G. 3. e. x 1

present Majesty, for the Redemption of the Land Tax, commonly called The Land Tax Act, abutting on the North and North Well Parts on Bow Street aforesaid, and on the South and on the South and South West Parts on a Place called Green's Alley within The

Sanctuary aforesaid, and which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land bad been theretofore granted in One Lease to the Right Honourable Charles Abbott Speaker of the House of Commons,

the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald Knight,. Chief

Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the Right Honourable George Rose; And also all that their other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in The Sanctuary aforesaid, bounded on the West and North West Parts partly by Bow Street aforesaid, and partly by Places called Broken Cross, and Princes Street Long ditch, abutting on a Place called Tothill Street on the South,

and partly on The Sanctuary aforesaid, and a Place called Love Lane, within The Sanctuary aforesaid, and on Green's Alley aforesaid, on the East; all which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land had been theretofore demised to Henry Watkins, John Houghton, Edward Glanville, Richard Burton, Sophia Paukeman, BUJfett Burton, Jane Thom, John Jones, Thomas Green, George Stubbs and Thomas Bray, Stephen Hook, Thomas Scott, Robert Thompson,

798

Indenture, Nov.5, 1811.

Thomas Yeomans, Samuel ColTins, Adam Edgar and John Elliott, and John Pybus, by Nineteen several Indentures of Lease; And also all that their other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and

being in The Sanctuary aforesaid, abutting on the North, the East,

and the South Parts on The Sanctuary aforesaid, and on the West Parts on Love Lane aforesaid; all which said last mentioned Piece

or Parcel of Land had been theretofore demised to George Stubbs and Thomas Bray, William Moon, Charles Snow, Samuel Hanbury, James Beecher and David Green, and others, by Six several Indentures of Lease, all which said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground were the Land or Ground which had been by the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid authorized to be granted by the said Dean and Chapter to the Commissioners under the said

Ad of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, for the Term of Nineteen

Years, at such Yearly Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants and Agreements, as should be agreed upon between the Lessors and the Commissioners for executing the said last mentioned Act;

To Hold the same Premises, with the Appurtenances unto the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors, from the Annunciation of the Blessed

Virgin Mary One thousand eight hundred and ten, for and during and unto the full End and Term of Ninety six Years from thence

next following, and fully to be complete and ended, at and under the Yearly Rent of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, payable

Quarterly as therein mentioned, and the further or other Rents of Forty Shillings, and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Eight

pence therein mentioned, and under and subject to tie Covenants, Provisoes and Agreements therein contained, and on the Part and

Behalf of the said Commissioners and their Successors, to be paid,

observed, performed and kept in respect of the same Premises:

And Whereas by another Indenture of Lease bearing Date the Fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and made between the then Dean of the Collegiate Church aforesaid, and the Chapter of the same Church of the one Part, and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues of the other Part, the said Dean and Chapter pursuant to and in exercise of the Powers and Authorities vested in them, by the last mentioned Act, did demise, grant and to farm let unto the said Commissioners and their Successors, all those their Two several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, situate, lying and being in Great George Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, whereon lately flood Two several Messuages or Tenement8, Erections and Buildings, lately numbered Sixteen and Seventeen in the same Street, fronting North upon Great George Street aforesaid, and abutting upon the South and East Parts upon other Ground demised to the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid; and the West Part upon

Ground demised to the said Archibald Edmonstone and Thomas DucL 4 ett; To Hold the said Premises with the Appurtenances unto

the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors, from the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary One thousand eight hundred and ten, for and during and unto the full End and Term of Ninety six Years from

thence

799

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 154.

thence next following, and fully to be complete and ended, at and

under the Yearly Rent of Thirty eight Pounds Five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, payable Quarterly as therein mentioned, and under and subject to the Covenants, Provisoes and Agreements therein contained, and on the Part and Behalf of the said Commissioners and their Successors to be observed, performed and kept in respect of the same Premises: And Whereas it is

expedient for carrying into further Effect the Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament aforesaid, that the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments comprized in the said several Indentures of Lease should be purchased by the said Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, and that such Alterations and Improvements as

herein after mentioned, independent of such Purchase, should also

be made in the Streets and Places aforesaid, and that such Powers of leafing Parts of the Ground which may be hereafter purchased by the said Commissioners under the said Acts of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid as herein after mentioned, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, should be given to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury: And Whereas the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty are in Treaty with the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of

Saint Peter in Westminster aforesaid, for the Purchase of the Fee

Simple and Inheritance of the Pieces or Parcels of Grounds and Hereditaments comprized in the said several Indentures of Lease,

and also of otherk Ground and Hereditaments not comprized in

the said Indentures of Lease or either of them; but inasmuch as

the Rents referred by the said Indentures of Lease respectively cannot be extinguished nor the said Leases merged and extinguished by virtue of any Power at present vested in the said Commissioners; and as Doubts have been entertained whether the Powers of purchasing, given to the said Commissioners by the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majesty, have

not been extinguished or suspended so far as relates to such of the said Premises as are comprized in the said Leases respectively, by virtue of the same Leases or of the said Powers ofdeafing contained

in the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, subject to the same Restrictions and Controul of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as are contained in the said Act, to purchase the Fee Simple and Inheritance, and all other Eflate8, Rights and Interests, of and in all and Angular the Ground and Hereditaments comprized in the Two several hereinbefore in Part recited Indentures of Lease, in such and the same manner, and for such and the same Purposes, in all respects, as they coUld or might have done in case the said Powers of leafing had not been given as aforesaid, and the said Leases of the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Fifth Day of November One thousand

Commissioners

under

46 G. 3. c. 89. empowered to purchase Pre-mi fe comprized in Indentures.

8oo

Regulations of Aits extended to Act.

When Confident in Money paid Indentures void.

of with Content of Treasury may incloi'e and plant Premises already purchased or to be purchased.

If Piece of

Ground lying on Well Side of Little George Street purchased, Treasury may demise same to Patron, &c. of Westminster National Free School

C. 1544 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

thousand eight hundred and eleven, had not been granted as aforesaid $ and that all and singular the Powers, Regulations, Provisions and other Proceedings directed by the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majesty, except so far as the Act of the Forty sixth is varied or repealed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty, or as the same Acts, or either of them, are or is varied or repealed by this present Act, touching the Purchases, Assessments, Valuations and Payment of Purchase Money, and the veiling of Estates purchased, and every other Direction therein respectively given, except as aforesaid, shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to the Purchase or Purchases so to be made by virtue of this Act as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after such of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments so intended to be purchased as aforesaid, as are comprized in the said several Indentures of Lease, shall have been purchased as aforesaid, and the Consideration Money for the Purchase thereof shall have been paid, the said several Indentures of Lease and the Rents thereby respectively reserved, and every Cove-aant, Agreement, Proviso, Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall cease, determine and be void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for the time being, for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, to inclose and plant all or any Part or Parts of the Ground already purchased or hereafter to be purchased under the Powers of the aforesaid Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or of this Act, or any of them, in such manner as the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty, shall think proper, and that the same shall thenceforth continue so inclosed and planted, and that no Buildings shall be erected thereupon, or upon any Part thereof, without such Direction and Consent as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Piece or Parcel of Ground situate, lying and being on the West Side of Little George Street, the North Side of Bow Street at the Back of the new Court House, and the South Side of Prince's Mews, containing in Length from East to West, as well on the North as the South Side, One hundred and two Feet Six Inches, lhtk more or less, and from North to South, as well on the East as the Well Side Seventy Feet Six Inches, little more or less shall at any time hereafter be purchased by the said Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time or times after the Purchase or Purchases last mentioned shall have been made, and notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force to the contrary, by Indenture or Indentures to be inrolled in one of His Majesty1* Courts of Record at Westminster, to grant or demise all or any Part or Parts of the

laid

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 154.

801

[Proviso.]

(laid last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground to the Patron, President and Vice Presidents for the time being, of the School commonly called or intended to be called The Westminster National Free School, and their Successors, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the Date or respective Dates thereof at a Pepper Corn Rent, daring the whole of the Term or Terms of Years thereby to be granted, and under and subject to such Covenants for building and keeping in Repair and insuring from Loss or Damage by Fire, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Agreements as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall approve: Provided

nevertheless, that every such Grant or Lease be on the Face of it expressed to be made in Trull for the Purposes of the said Westminster National Free School, and that a Proviso be therein inserted for making void the same respectively, in the Event of the Ground therein to be comprized, and the Buildings to be erected thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof being used for any Purpose or Purposes whatsoever unconneded with the said School,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Westminster the Patron, President and Vice Presidents for the time being of the National Tree said School shall be and they are hereby conllitiited a Corporation Sc, 'l mcorpo-by the Name of "The Patron, President and Vice Presidents of rated*

the Westminster National Free School, in order to enable them to accept and take in a Corporate Capacity by the Name aforesaid, the Grant or Grants, Lease or Leases hereinbefore authorized to be granted, and to execute a Counterpart or Counterparts thereof, and for other Purposes of the said School; and by that Name for the Purposes aforesaid they shall and may have and use a Common Seal, and may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, but nothing in this Act or in such Grant or Grants, Lease or Leases contained or to be contained, shall extend to charge the Person or Persons of him or them, or of his'or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or his or their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements,

Goods or Chattels, with the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the same Grant or Grants, Lease or Leases, or any of them, to be contained; but all and every such Action and Actions, Suit and Suits, as shall be brought or prosecuted for or in respedi of the same Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, or any of them, shall be brought or prosecuted against the said Patron, President and Vice Presidents, and their Successors for the time being, in their Corporate Capacity.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That New or im-

all and Angular the Pieces or Parcels of Ground, situate, lying and proved Streets being in the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Liberty of West- Men ap-

minster, which by any Order or Orders of the Commissioners of the pojmej for said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, have already been laid into parish of

or shall hereafter be laid into and form Part of the new Streets, Lanes s*. Margaret and Ways made and set out or to be made and set out by the Order und^r c of the lame Commissioners, or which have been or shall hereafter be 11

added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, shall, as to the Pieces or Parcels of Ground already laid into and forming Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or already added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, from and immediately after the

54 GEO. III.

802

Commissioners may relume Ground so laid into new and improved Streets, which shall then become veiled in Treasury.

Commissioners may dispose of to Commissioners under

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. lxvii. certain vacant Ground contiguous to

C. 154. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

Payment of the Purchase Money for the same; and as to the Piece* or Parcels of Ground hereafter to be laid into and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or hereafter to be added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, from time to time from and immediately after the same shall have been laid into and form Part of such new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or have been added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, be vested in the Committee Men for the time being, appointed for the said Parish of Saint AIargaret % under an Act made and passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more ejfcftualfederal Acts made relative to pavings eleanjing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, To Hold to such lad mentioned Committee Men ajid their Successors for the Use of the Public, and for the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act and the several Acts therein referred to; and they the said Committee Men and their Successors are hereby authorized and required and directed to accept and take all such Pieces or Parcels of Ground under their Jurisdiction as Committee Men under the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and to use and exercise over the same, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements adjoining and near thereto, all such Powers, Authorities and Remedies, as they the same Committee Men are by the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and the several Acts therein mentioned, authorized to use and exercise over the whole Streets, Lanes and Ways now within the Jurisdiction of the same Committee Men under the same Acts, and over the Owner* and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements, situate in the said old Streets, Lanes and Ways,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, to resume and take Possession of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground so laid out or hereafter to be laid out for the new Streets, Lanes or Ways, or added or to be added to any former or other Streets, Lanes or Ways as aforesaid, for the Purposes of the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or any of them, and from and immediately after the same respectively shall have been so resumed and taken Possession of, or the Part or Parts thereof so resumed and taken Possession of, shall thenceforth by virtue of this present Act be diverted out of the said Committee Men, and be absolutely vested in the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, for the Purposes of the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, to dispose of to the Commissioners for the time being under an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts of the

8o3

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 154.

certain Pieces of Ground nudt.

Majesty, for ere fling a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Court House; Peace in the City of Westminster; either by way of S^le or in or Exchange of Exchange for all or any Part or Parts of the Slip or Slips of vacant Ground belonging to the last mentioned Commissioners, extending along the East, Welt, North and South Sides of the said Court House, and not wanted for the Accommodation thereof, the Two several Pieces or Parcels of Ground situate at or near the South West and South East Angles of the said Court House, being Parcels of the Ground formerly purchased by the said Commissioners under the Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, or any Part thereof respectively, or to purchase the said Slip or Slips of vacant Ground, East,

West, North and South of the said Court House or any Part thereof, and the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, or any Five of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to concur with the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned in all such Acts as shall be necessary for effectuating any such Sale,

Exchange or Purchase as aforesaid, and to execute all such Conveyances and Assurances for effectuating any such Sale or Sales, Exchange or Exchanges, as may be deemed necessary for those Purposes, or any of them; and the said Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized to give or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and the Money arising from the Sale (if any) to be made by the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or to be received by them by way of Equality of Exchange by virtue of this present Power, shall be applied in the manner directed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, concerning the Monies to be received by them by virtue of the same Act; and that the Pmthafe Money arising from the Sale (if any) to be made in pursuance of this Money, if any, Act by the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty seventh ^ates

Year aforesaid, or to be received by them by way of Equality of y Exchange, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County Rates for the County of Middlesex> and be by him placed to the Credit of the said Rate8.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of Ground not the Ground which may be sold or conveyed by or given in Exchange bu, lt ui, oru from the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, to the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, shall at any time hereafter be built upon or appropriated to any Purpose whatsoever, except such Improvements

and Alterations in and Additions to the said Court House as herein after mentioned, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the time being acting under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any Three of them, to take down and remove the Portico on the South Side of the said Court House, and to rebuild and replace the same, or to build and place a suitable Portico to the said Court House on the East Side thereof, and that all Costs, Charges and Expences attending the same shall be wholly paid and discharged by the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, out of the Funds now in

Commi (lionets may remove Portico at South Side of Court House, and build one on Eait.

their

804

C. 154.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Commissioners

under

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. lxvii. empowered to make Improvements to Court House, with

missioners under 46 G. 3. c. 89.

[Proviso.]

48 G. 3. c. 137. $9*

their Hands, or to be received by them under the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or otherwise for the Purposes of the same Acts, or either of them.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and at any time after the said Portico shall have been taken down and removed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, and for the Commissioners under the several Acts therein mentioned, or any Five of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Improvements and Alterations in and Additions to the said Court House as they may deem necessary or expedient, in con-Cii|ciu of Com- sequence of the Removal and Rebuilding of such Porticoes as afore-

miflirnirs tinier - r.

laid, or as they may consider to be conducive to the Convenience of the several Magistrates and other Persons resorting to such Court House, and that the Costs, Charges and Expences of such Improvements, Alterations and Additions shall be paid and discharged in such and the same manner as the Costs, Charges and Expences of repairing, supporting and maintaining the said Court House are directed to be paid and discharged in and by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that no external Alterations or Additions shall be 'made to the said Court House without the Approbation and Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners under the Act of the Forty sixth George Third as aforesaid, or any Three of them.

XII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Yea.

of His said Majesty, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that it

should be lawful for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, to take down the Watch House and all other Erections and Buildings standing on the North Side of Saint Margaret's Church Yard in the City of Westminster aforesaid, next

The Broad Sanctuary, and all or any Trees standing in any Part

of the said Church Yard, and to dispose thereof, and of the Mate-

rials of all such Buildings and Erections, provided that it should

not be lawful for the said Commissioners to take down the said Watch House, until they should have provided or built another proper and sufficient Watch House for the Use of the said Parish in lieu thereof: And Whereas there is no Power given or reserved to the said Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Yearaforesaid to provide or build another Watch House Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

purchase a Piece may xawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Act of the o roun or jrorty sixth year afo^said, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Piece or Parcel of Ground in New Way Almonry or elsewhere in the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, as shall be approved by the Vestrymen of the same Parish, for the Purpose of erecting thereon such new Watch House as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as they are empowered to purchase Ground under or by virtue of the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, and as if the Ground so to he purchased as last mentioned were within the Limits prescribed by the same Acts, or either of them, for Purchases to be made in pursuance of the same Acts for the Purposes

thereof,

Commissioners empowered to

building new Watch House.

Soj

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 154.

thereof, but without any Consent or Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, being deemed necessary to such Purchase; and that all and singular the Powers, Regulations, Provisions and other Proceedings directed by the said Ada of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majesty, except so far as the Act of the Forty sixth is varied or repealed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty, or as the same Acts, or either of them, are or is varied or repealed by this present Act, touching the Purchases, Assessments, Valuations and Payment of Purchase Money of Estates purchased, and every other Direction therein respectively given, except as aforesaid, shall be in full Force and Effed with respect to the Purchase or Purchases so to be made by virtue of this Act, as last aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Watch House That the said Commissioners of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid shall bmlt* ered and build on the Ground to be purchased as last mentioned, a

proper and sufficient Watch House for the Use of the said Parish of Saint Margaret aforesaid; and that the Costs, Charges and Expences Expencet how-attending the taking down the Watch House and all other Buildings Puld* on the North Side of Saint Margaret's Church Yard aforesaid, and of such Purchase as aforesaid, and erecting such new Watch House as aforesaid, shall be paid in the manner following 5 that is to say, One hundred and fifty Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid out of the Monies raised or to be raised for defraying the Expences of the Nightly Watchmen, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Watch Establishment of the said Parish to the said Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, to be applied by them towards Satisfaction thereof; and the Residue thereof by the same Commissioners out of the Funds now in their Hands, or to be received by them under the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or other wise for the Purposes of the same Acts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately New Watch

after such new Watch House shall have been erected as aforesaid (the J^oule vested in said Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds being previously paid as '*

aforesaid) the same and the Ground to be purchased for the Purpose House.

of erecting the same, shall be and become vested by virtue of this present Act, in the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, his, her or their Heirs or Successors in whom the old Watch House and Buildings so to be taken down as aforesaid would have been vested in case this present Act had not been parted; and that the Scite of the old Watch House and Buildings so to be taken down as aforesaid shall immediately thereupon be and become Part of the Church Yard of Saint Margaret's Parish aforesaid, and no other Buildings shall be erected thereon, or on any Part of the said Church Yard: Provided ^Itch Hcfufe 10 always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- become pa, te0f0 strued to extend in any manner whatsoever, to prevent the said Dean church Yard, and Chapter from using the Whole or any Part of the said Church Yard or Scite of the Watch House for the Purpose of erecting temporary Buildings or Scaffolding upon Public Processions, Solemnities and other great Public Occasions; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1814.

8c6

Money paid for Premises belonging to Dean and Chapter veded in i*ur-chife of other Premises*

How Money in* vested till Purchases made.

C. 154. 54 GEO. III.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Money or Recompence to be paid for any Messuages, Buildings, Land, Ground or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or of this Act, to the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster aforesaid, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be invested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take the same upon and for the like Trulls and Purposes, and subject to the like Powers of Sale for Redemption of Land Tax, and all other Powers and Restrictions whatsoever, as the Messuages, Lands, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the said Dean and Chapter so to be purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, were subject or liable to at the time of such Purchase or Purchases; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase or Purchases can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or this Act, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty fourth, and shall, when so paid in, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the same, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills 5 all which said Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be made, found and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and until the (ante, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation (to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a fumraary way by the said Dean and Chapter), be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase, in such manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary way, touching the Payment or Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, and touching such Navy, Victualling or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest thereof, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, as the Court shall think fit; but in case any such Money shall be lese than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and not less than Twenty Pounds, then such Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Dean and Chapter shall nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-invested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Dean and Chapter and their

Successbrt,

A.D. 1814.

807

54 GEO. III. C. 154.

Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take the same upon and for the like Trulls and Purposes, and subject to the like Powers of Sale for Redemption of Land Tax* and all other Powers and Restrictions whatsoever, as the Messuages,

Lands, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be purchased from them respectively by the said Commissioners were respectively subject or liable to at the time of such Purchase or Purchases; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall be placed out by the said Dean and Chapter in some of the Public Funds or Government f real Securi- + s, c' ties, in the Names of Two or more Persons, to be nominated by the said Dean and Chapter, and to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; and the Dividends or Interest arising or to be produced from such Funds or Securities shall be paid to the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money under Money or Recompence so to be paid to the said Dean and Chapter as last mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then chapter, and in all such cases the same shall be paid to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and for their own absolute Use and Benefit: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained touch- Not to preventing the Payment and Invellment of the Money, or Recompence for ^m^, ^ner3'the Purchase of Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Grounds f or purriiak-Moiiey Hereditaments, belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, shall prevent belonging to or be construed to prevent the said Commissioners of the Forty sixth Dean and Chap. Year aforesaid from paying the same, in such manner, and under such ter in manner Directions and Restrictions, and subject to such Controul of the dCQ ed High Court of Chancery as are contained in the said Act of the 4

Forty sixth Year aforesaid, touching and concerning the Payment and Application of Purchase Money for Messuages or Tenements, Lands,

Ground and Hereditaments to be purchased for the Purposes of such Improvements as aforesaid, if they the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall deem it adviseable to pay the same, under the Directions of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, ijillead of the Directions contained in this present Act.

XVII. And Whereas in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve the Commissioners under the said Act of the

1 Forty sixth Year aforesaid did agree to grant to George Holme 46 P 3 c. 89.

Sumner of Great George Street Westminster, Esquire, a Lease of

a Plot of Ground, Twenty three Feet in Front, next Prince*s

Mews % including the whole of the Western Wall and Half the

Eallern Party Wall, by Twenty Feet Four Inches parallel Depth

from out to out of Walls, the Back Dimensions being about Thirty

two Feet, situate at the South Well Angle of the said Mews,

and numbered I. on the Plan for the Improvements aforesaid, for a Term of Ninety three Years and Three Quarters of a Year,

from Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and twelve, at a

Pepper Corn Rent, and also to pay him the Sum of Three hundred

and sixty Pounds, by way of Compensation for his Interest purchased by the said Commissioners and conveyed to them, of and in a Two Stall Stable and Coach House, and Piece of Ground at the

Ea& End of Prince's Mews aforesaid, at the Back of certain

House8 formerly Handing on the West: Side of Little George Street,

within the Liberty of Westminster: And'Whereas the said Sum

3 F 4 1 of

8o8

Treasury to deni k* Piece ot Ground to G. H. Sumner, Esq to build a Coach House, &c. in lieu of Piece of Ground wanted for other Purposes.

[Public Act.]

43G.j. c.ijj.

0.154, 155. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

of Three hundred and sixty Pounds hath accordingly been paid to the said George Holme Sumner by the said Commissioners, in part

Performance of their said Agreement, but no Lease hath been

granted to him of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground so agreed to be demised to him as aforesaid: And Whereas the Piece or Parcel of Ground so agreed to be demised to the said George Holme Sumner will be wanted for the Purpose of the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or of this Act, and it is therefore expedient that a Lease should be granted to the said George Holme Sumner of some other Piece or Parcel of Ground, in lieu of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground so agreed to be demised to him as aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time after the passing of this Act, with the Consent of the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, by Indenture to grant or demise any such Piece or Parcel of Ground already purchased or hereafter to be pure ha fed by the said last mentioned Commissioners, under the said A As of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or this A A, as may be chosen by the said Commissioners, and approved of by the said George Holme Sumner, his Executors or Administrators, unto the said George Holme Sumner, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding the Term of Ninety three Years and Three Quarters, from Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and twelve, at a Pepper Corn Rent, and under and subject to such Covenants for building a Coach House and Stable, and keeping the same in Repair, and such other Covenants, Coitions, Restrictions and Agreements, as the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them shall approve.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A A shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A A, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CLV.

An Act to repeal an Act for establishing Regulations respec-ing Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases; and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, in lieu thereof.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of

His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for ejlablshing, until Three Months after the Ratification cf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving g in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases: And Whereas

it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof y9 Be it therefore enacted

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 155. 809

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the JLords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That when and so often as His Majesty, Aliens not de-his Heirs and Successors, shall, by His or their Proclamation, or by parting Realm His or their Order in Council, or Order under His or their Sign when ordered Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- Proclamation, nors, and the Privy Council of that Part of this Realm or United l0 Gao?11* Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, shall, by Proclamation, or by Order of Council, direct that any Alien or Aliens

who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm within a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively; and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respectively, or shall be found in this Realm or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order as the case may be 5 it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or so* any Justice Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Peace, or for any of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm, under the Authority herein after given for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien, so know- Aliensdisobey-ingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to iS Proclama-any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or being found in this t1001*0* Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order,

and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Westminster, or in Dublin, or in any Court of

Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great

Sessions in Wales, or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, may, at the

Discretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to suffer Impri-

fonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the first Offence, Imprisonment.

and not exceeding Twelve Months for the second and any subsequent

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Aliens given in any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Charge by War-Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or "^tate coit^ his or their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall veVed out of apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any Kingdom, such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case when any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or Neglect, and either before or after such Alien shall have suffered the Punishment insti&ed for the same, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to ^5te such Alien in Charge to One of His Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he {half think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his Or her being conducted out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accord-

Offence.

8to

A.D. 1814.

Sufficient Rea-f'*' given for not complying with Vrov. m ition, &c. Privy Council may allow lame.

Matters of Vessels on Arrival to declare in Writing to Officer of C attorn* Number of Aliens on board, specifying Names and Descriptions.

Matter neglecting to make Declaration. Penalty.

Not to extend to Mariners certified to be em-

C. 155. 54 GEO. III.

ingly: Provided always, that where such Alieri (not having been convicted as aforesaid) shall allege any Excuse for not complying with such Proclamation or Order, or any Reason why such Proclamation or Order ffiotild not be enforced, or why further time should be allowed him for complying therewith, it shall be lawful for the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland to fudge of the Sufficiency of such Excuse or Reason, and to allow or disallow the same either absolutely or on such Conditions as they shall think fit; and where such Alien shall be in Custody under such Warrant of any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State as aforesaid, the Messenger or other Pt rfon in whose Custody he shall be, forthwith upon its being signified to him that such Excuse or Reason is alleged by such Alien, make known the same to the said Secretary of State, who upon receiving such Notification, or in any case in which he shall be informed that any Inch Excuse or Reason is alleged by or on behalf of any Alien, under Proclamation or Order to quit the Realm, shall forthwith suspend the Execution of such Proclamation or Order, until the Matter can be heard before the said Lords of His Majt lly, i said Privy C ouneil; and such Alien, if in Custody under any such Warrant, shall remain in such Custody until the said Lords shall have signified iheir Determination thereon, unless in the mean time the said Secretary shall consent to, or the said Lords shall make Order for the Release of such Alien, either with or without Security.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Realm, shall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to the Officer of the Customs especially appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Culloms in England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, or by any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at or near such Port or Place, whether there are or is to the bed of his Knowledge any Alien or Aliens on board his said Vessel, or who have to his Knowledge landed or been landed therefrom; and shall in his said Declaration spedfy the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his said Vessel, or who have to his Knowledge landed or been so landed therefrom, and also specify their Names and respective Rank, Occupation or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Alien who shall have been on board at the time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or who shall have to his Knowledge landed or been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he shall wilfully have refuted or neglected to declare as aforesaid; and in case such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it ffiaQ be lawful for the Officer of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid until the same shall have beet paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be coastroed to extend to any

Mariner

A.D. 1814.

811

54 GEO. III. C. 155.

Mariner whom the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel arriv- ployed in owing in any Port or Place in this Realm shall certify to such Officer of Salin2 the Culloms as aforesaid, in Writing, subscribed by such Mailer or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vesst-1, during the time that such Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed; and which Certificate in Certificate.

Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall Aliens on Arri-arrive in this Realm at any Port or Place therein after the passing and on De-of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing Parture lor d

to such Officer of the Culloms as aforesaid, at or near such Port or officer of

Place, the Name of the Ship or Vesselin which he or she shall have Customs,

come to this Country 5 and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also Njmes, fice.

every Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm,

after the passing of this Act, shall immediately after such Arrival or before such Departure respectively, declare in like manner to such

Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or

Description, or if a Domcllic Servant, then also the Name, Rank

and Description of his or her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally

make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him

reduced to Writing; and shall also in like manner declare the Coun*

try or Place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the

Place to which he or she is then going, his or her Profession or

Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to

whom (if any) he or she is known; and that every such Alien com* Aliens arriving,

ing into this Realm, who shall neglect to make Declaration of the ne^ling.to

aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declara- Jjon^or making

tion thereof, may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in a false one, &c.

His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at WcfhninRcr or in Dublin, or Imprisonment.

in any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in England or

Ireland, or Great Sessions in Wales, or Justiciary Court in Scotland,

be imprisoned for ar.y time not exceeding Three Months, or may at

the Discretion of such Court be adjudged to depart out of this

Realm, and all other His Majesty's Dominions, within a time to be

limited in such Judgment; and if he or she shall be found therein Imprisonment.

after such time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause,

he or she shall, being duly convicted thereof, be imprisoned for any

Term not exceeding Twelve Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Culloms Officer of Cuf-

so appointed as aforesaid, to whom such Declaration shall be made, to rcg, fter

or Particulars delivered as aforesaid, shall immediately reghler the aratloa*

same in a Book, to be kept by him for that Purpose 5 in which

Book Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof in the Form following:

54 GEO. ID.

A.D. 1814.

812

Form of Cer tilicate.

Form of Counterpart.

Aliens (except Dome flic Servants) within One Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of Place, or where Certificate is loft;

C.I SS'

Ship's Name. Alien's Name and Description. From whence. Whither going. Prosession, &c. To whom known. CB V. C3 a cd

bbbbhb /UOUUvUvvl

Ship's I Name* Alien's Name and Description. From whence. Whither going. Prosession, &c. To whom known.

And (Kali insert therein the several Particulars by this Act required, in their proper Columns, in both Parts thereof expressing such Particulars as shall be inserted in the Column of Remarks, which shall be entered only in One of such Columns; and shall then and there cut off One Part thereof through the Flo\xrish or Device between the Two Parts thereof, and deliver without Fee or other Charge, One Part, containing all the Particulars contained, excepting such thereof as shall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to the Alien who shall have made such Declaration or delivered such Particulars, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book shall also enter or cause to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lid and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the passing of this Act, except such Domeffic Servants as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in the Certificate, delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the rlace to which he or she proposes to go, produce such Certificate to the Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief Magistrate in such Town or Place, then and in such case, to some One of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or Diffrid, in

winch

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 155. 813

which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Persons as shall be deliver in an authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the Account of case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal 5 or in case such artlculars* Certificate shall be loft, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account to such Magistrate or Justice respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District, in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Discretion of such Justices, for the First Offence to suffer Imprisonment for any time Imprisonment. not exceeding One Month.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor Mayors, fcc. to and Mayors, or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of transmit to Se-JLondon and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Majesty's Juf- cretary of State, tices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, Aecount of being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Principal Secre-

[Proviso.]

taries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they shall have Cause to suspect to be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall appear adviseable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Aldermen or Chief Magistrate or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize: Provided nevertheless, in every such case, every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shall have thought fit to detain such Alien, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may determine what may be fit to be done thereon; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord JLieutenant or Chief Governor, either to direct that such Alien shall be discharged, or ordered out of the Kingdom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to Justices to grant

auiy Alien by virtue of this Act shall be loft, mislaid or destroyed, Certificates in and such Alien shall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the

3Peace, from the Officers of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, at 012*c*

*: he Port where such Alien shall have arrived, or from the Office of

One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Office

of

814 C. i 55.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Officer of Customs, kc. to whom Certificates prouiu'ed to transmit Copies of Entries, Sec. to Secretary of State, &c.

of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Certificate, and that the same has been loft, mislaid or destroyed, without his or her wilful Neglect or Default, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to grant to such Alien a fresh Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as the Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Custom House Officer shall forthwith, and every Magistrate or Justice to whom any such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith after the same shall have been so produced or delivered as aforesaid, transmit, if in Great Britain, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exact Copies of all such Entries, Certificates and Accounts, respectively made by or delivered to any such Custom House Officer, Magistrate or Justice respectively, by virtue of this

a a.

Fee taken for granting Certificates.

[Penalty.]

Officers of Cuf-to.'.is neglecting to make Entry,

SCCm

[Penalty.]

Forging, &c. PaH'ports or Certificates.

imprisonment.

Ambaflactors, ftc. not deemed Aliens.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given by any Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever 5 and every such Officer of the Customs, or Magistrate, or Justice of the Peace, or other Person who shall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money of any Alien, for any Certificate or other Matter or Thing under this A d, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and every Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon in purse-ance of the Provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any falfie Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof in manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Certificate herein directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such Certificate under any other Name or Description than the true Name and Description of such Alien (without disclosing to the Person granting such Certificate the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for concealing the same) or shall falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and deferred in any such Certificate; every Person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding One Year.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ambassador or other Public Miniiler duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, or being adhially attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained

A.D. 1814.

815

54 GEO. III. C. 155.

not more thin 14 Years old. Proof whether Person is or is not an Alien to

Justices of Courts of Westminster or Dublin, &c. may to

shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be Act not toe*-done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Agee"d for^J^ of Fourteen Years at the time when such Act was so done or omitted "*'to be done: Provided always, that if any Quedion shall arise, whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions, or any of them, the Proof that he on Party such Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be, a natural born Subject of His Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, it shall and may be lawful for any Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster ^m^AUtns or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, Bail; being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk

or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall see sufficient Cause, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alleged against him or her.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall as may also any

be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail, Just'ce> by Au-who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice [ary of Sta^e^6" being authorized so to do by Warrant of One of His Majesty's Prin- " 3

cipal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,

for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases concerning the Questions ari-JExecution of this Act, when any Quedion shall arise, whether any p^son Person is or is not an Alien born, not having obtained Letters Patent not^an AP-n1* of Denization, nor having been naturalized by Act of Parliament, is Domeitic Ser-or is not such a Domedic Servant as aforesaid, the Proof of being a vant, &c. Proof natural born Subject of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to he on Party, of being a Denizen by Letters Patent, or of Naturalization by Act of Parliament, or of being such a Domedic Servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person touching whom such Quedion shall so arise.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Aliens having Alien, who shall have been committed under this Act, to remain until been in Custody he or she shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being sent out Two Months, in of the Realm, shall not be sent out of the Realm within Two Calen- order be lent dar Months after such Commitment, it shall in every such case be j uUices of lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Courts, fcc. on Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain Proof made that or Ireland^ being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Juf- Notice had been tice Clerk or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, or ^en

for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in any Part of ^ry of State,

the may either con-

by

tinue in Custody or discharge Aliens.

Aliens quilting France on account of late Troubles, not liable to be arrested for Debit contrailed beyond Seas, other than Dominions His Majesty.

Penalties, how recovered and applied.

Certiorari, Sec

Parishioners Witnesses, though Part of Penalty given to Poor.

C. 155. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or them, by or on the behalf of the Person so committed, and upon Proof made to him or them that reasonable Notice of the Intention to make such Application had been given to fomeor One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Discretion to order the Person so committed to be continued in or discharged out of Custody.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have heretofore quitted their respective Countries by reason of any Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be anrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt, or other Cause of Action, contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond toe Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty; and in cast any such Aliens shall have been, or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation time.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Session in Wa/ee, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester> Lancaster and Durham, or by Action or furo-mary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, cot exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Jufbce, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale j and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding^ Stewartry, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and that no Writ of Certiorari, or of Advocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the ' Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 15$, 15&

curred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Pari fa, Township or Place.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons faall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and such Person or Persons /Hall and may plead the General lfsue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, to him or them awarded against; the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Powers and Authority given by this Act to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland) shall not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of any Alien arriving or being in that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain; and that the Powers and Authority given by this Act to any Justice of the Peace, Mayot or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give to such Magistrates any Authority to ad beyond the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

17

Limitation of Attiant.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Powers given to Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, ice. not to extend to case of Aliens arriving in G. B. Magistrates ailing within Limits of Juril'di&ious.

Continuance of

A6L

Alt altered, See.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act to artierid the several Acts for the Encouragement cff Learning, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books or their Assigns.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the 8 Ann. c. 19. Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vejling the Copies of PrintedBooks in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Timestherein mentioned (a), it was, among other things, provided and enacted, That Nine Copies of each Book or Books, upon the best

Paper, that, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand - seven hundred and ten, should be printed and publiftied as in thefarid Ad mentioned, or reprinted and publifaed with Additions,

should by the Printer and Printers thereof, be delivered to the Warehousekeeper of the Company of Stationers for the time being, he Hall ox the said Company, before such Publication made,

(n) [Sifif G. 3.r. 53..# 6.]

54 Geo. III. j G*foi

*iS

4i0.3.(U.K)c. 107.

6.

repealed.

Eleven printed Copies delivered on Demand within Twelve Month* after Publication, for Use of Public Libraries.

C. 156. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

for the Use of the Royal Library, the Libraries of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Libraries of the Four Universities in Scotland, the Library of Sion College in London, and the Library

of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh; which said Warehousekeeper is by the said Act required to deliver such Copies for the Use of the said Libraries; and that if any Proprietor, Bookseller or Printer, or the said Warehousekeeper, should not observe the Directions of the said Act therein, that then he or they so making Default in not delivering the said printed Copies, should forfeit, besides the Value of the said printed Copies, the Sum of Five Pounds for every Copy not so delivered: And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of Lcaming in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books to the Authors of such Books or their A/signs, for the Time herein mentioned, it is, amo..gd 4 other things, provided and enacted, That in Addition to the Ku-J 4 Copies required by Law to be delivered to the Warehousekeeper of the said Company of Stationers, of each and every Book and Books which shall be entered in the Register Books of the said Company, Two other Copies shall in like manner be delivered for the Use of the Library of the College of the Holy Trinity, and the Library of the Society of the Kings Inns in Dublin, by the Printer and Printers of all and every such Book and Books as should thereafter be printed and published, and the Title of the Copyright whereof mould be entered in the said Register Book of the said Company: And Whereas it is expedient that Copies of Book- hereafter printed or publiftied, should be delivered to the Libraria herein after mentioned, with the Modifications that shall be provided by this A Pij* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said feveval recited Acts of the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, and of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, as requires that any Copy or Copies of any Book or Books which shall be printed or pubbthed or reprinted and published with Additions shall be delivered by the Printer or Printers thereof to the Warehousekeeper of the said Company of Stationers for the Use of any of the Libraries in the said Act mentioned, and as requires the Delivery of the said Copies by the said Warehousekeeper for the Use of the said Libraries, and as imposes any Penalty on such Printer or Warehousekeeper for not delivering the said Copies, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That Eleven printed Copies of the whole of every Book and of every Volume tWeof, upon the Paper upon which the larged Number or Impression of such Book shall be printed for Sale, together with all Maps and Prints belonging thereto, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be printed and published, on Demand thereof being made in Writing to or left at the Place of Abode of the PubB(her or PublHhert thereof, at any time within Twelve Months next after the Publication thereof, under the Hand of the Warehousekeeper of the Company of Stationers, or the Librarian or other Person thereto authorized

rized by the Persons or Body Politic and Corporate, Proprietors or Managers of the Libraries following; videlicet, the British Mufeumy Sion College, the Bodleian Library at Oxford9 the Public Library at Cambridge, the Library of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh the Libraries of the Four Universities of Scotland\ Trinity College Library, and the King's Inns Library at Dublin^ or so many of such Eleven Copies as shall be respectively demanded on behalf of such Libraries respectively, shall be delivered by the Publisher or Publishers thereof respectively within One Month after Demand made thereof in Writing as aforesaid, to the Warehousekeeper of the said Company of Stationers for the time being; which Copies the said Warehousekeeper shall and he is hereby required to receive at the Hall of the said Company, for the Use of the Library for which such Demand shall be made, within such Twelve Months as aforesaid; and the said Warehousekeeper is hereby required within One Month after any such Book or Volume shall be so delivered to him as aforesaid, to deliver the same for the Use of such Library: And if any Publisher, or the Warehousekeeper of the said Publishers, &c. Company of Stationers, shall not observe the Directions of this Act neglecting, therein, that then he and they so making Default in not delivering or receiving the said Eleven printed Copies as aforesaid, shall forfeit he(ide8 the Value of the said printed Copies, the Sum of Five Pounds Penalty, for each Copy not so delivered or received, together with the full Costs of Suit 5 the same to be recovered by the Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, Proprietors or Managers of the Library for the Use whereof such Copy or Copies ought to have been delivered or received 5 for which Penalties and Value such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, is or are now hereby authorized to sue by Action of Debt or other proper Action in any Court of Record in the United Kingdom.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such No Copies of printed Copy or Copies shall be demanded by or delivered to or for Second, &c; the Use of any of the Libraries hereinbefore mentioned, of the Second Edition or M-Edition, or of any subsequent Edition of any Book or Books so de- teration, demanded and delivered as aforesaid, unless the same shall contain Ad- manded; ditions or Alterations: And in case any Edition after the First, of Additions any Book so demanded and delivered as aforesaid, shall contain any printed, and de-Addition or Alteration, no printed Copy or Copies thereof shall be Kvered separnc. demanded or delivered as aforesaid, if a printed Copy of such Additions or Alterations only, printed in an uniform manner with the former Edition of such Book, be delivered to each of the Libraries aforesaid, for whose Use a Copy of the former Edition shall have been demanded and delivered as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Proviso for Copy of every Book that shall be demanded by the British Mufeumy British Museum. shall be delivered of the belt Paper on which such Work shall be printed.

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Acts of the Eighth Year g ^nn. c. 19.

of Queen Anniy and the Forty first: Year of His present Majesty's 1.

Reign, it is enacted, that the Author of any Book or Books, and 4* 3- (U K )

the Assignee or Assigns of such Author respectively, should have c l7* *

the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting such Book or Books for the Term of Fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of first publishing the same, and no longer; and it was provided that after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, the

3 G 2 4 Right

C. 156.

54 GEO. III.

instead oi Copyright for 14 Years, and contingently for 14 more, Authors, &e. shall have a8 Years* Copyright in Works and for Residue of Life.

Booksellers, &c. in any Part of United Kingdom, or British Dominions, who shall print, Sec. any Book, without Conftnt of Proprietor, liable to Action for Damages.

Tensity.

[Penalty.]

Right of printing or disposing of Copies should return to the Authors thereof, if they were then living, for another Term of Fourteen Years: And Whereas it will afford further Encouragement to Literature, if the Duration of such Copyright were a*

tended in manner herein after mentioned Be it further eroded. That, from and after the passing of this Act* the Author of m Book or Books composed and not printed and publrihed* or whisk shall hereafter be composed, and be printed and published, and hi Assignee or Assigns* shall have the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting such Book or Books for the full Term of Twenty eight Year.;, to commence from the Day of first publishing the same, ui also, if the Author shall be living at the End of that Period, k the Re fi due of his natural Life; and that if any Bookfdlern Printer, or other Person whatsoever, in any Part of the UnU Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Ides of Maa, Jerk or Guernsey, or in any other Part of the British Dominions, (Ul from and after the pamng of this Act, within the Terms and Tim granted and limited by this Act as aforesaid, print, reprint or*port, or shall cause to be printed* reprinted or imported* any (ash Book or Books, without the Consent of the Author or Authors,other Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of and in lack Book and Books* first had and obtained in Writing; or, knowaf the same to be so printed* reprinted or imported* without such Co* feat of such Author or Authors* or other Proprietor or Prop* tors* shall fell, publish or expose to Sale* or cause to be sold, pah lifted or exposed to Sale* or shall have in his or their Possessiwfc Sale, any such Book or Books, without such Consent first had ad obtained as aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall be liabk to a Special Action on the Case, at the Suit of the Author*Authors, or other Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright i such Book or Books so unlawfully printed* reprinted or imported, published or exposed to Sale* or being in the Possession of such Ok fender or Offenders for Sale as aforesaid* contrary to the true late* and Meaning of this Act: And every such Author or Authors, other Proprietor or Proprietors* shall and may* by and in such spadpL Action upon the Case* to be so brought against such Offend*Offenders* in any Court of Record in that Part of the said Until Kingdom, or of the British Dominions* in which the Offence Hal be committed, recover such Damages as the Jury on the Trial d such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry theredfc shall give or affess, together with Double Costs of Suit; in whisk Action no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protedioo, nor on* than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all and every (ink Offender and Offenders shall also forfeit such Book or Books* and and every Sheet being Part of such Book or Books* and shall dekv* the same to the Author or Authors* or other Proprietor or Pi % prietors of the Copyright of such Book or Books* upon Order af any Court of Record in which any Action or Suit in Law or Eqtilp shall be commenced or prosecuted by such Author or Authors, oi other Proprietor or Proprietors, to be made on Morion or PetMl to the said Court; and the-(aid Author or Authors or other Fttf prietor or Proprietors shall forthwith, damaik or make WaffePsp of the said Book or Books and Sheet or Sheets; and all and every such Offender and Offenders; shall also 1391

621

iA.D. 1814. j4 GEO. III. C. 15 6.

g pence for every Sheet thereof, either printed or printing, or pub-f] lifted or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning a of this Act; the one Moiety thereof to The King's Most Excel--1 lent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof fit to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any such Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information,

in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protection, nor ji more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 2 Provided always, that Offenders ia - in Scotland such Offender or Offenders shall be liable to an Action Scotland, v of Damages in the Court of Session in Scotland, which shall and, i may be brought and prosecuted in the same manner in which any other Action of Damages to the like Amount may be brought and prosecuted there; and in any such Action where Damages shall be awarded. Double Costs of Suit or Expences of Process shall be j, allowed.

V. And, in order to ascertain what Books shall be from time to Within what time published, be it enacted, That the Publisher or Publishers of timeTitle of^any and every Book demandable under this Act, which shall be Bo?ks entered^published at any time after the passing of this Att, shall within ^aiLt, oneM

One Calendar Month after the Day on which any such Book or Books respectively shall be first fold, published, advertised or offered'for Sale, within the Bills of Mortality, or within Three Calendar Months if the said Book shall be sold, published or advertised in

any othe Part of the United Kingdom, enter the Title to the Copy; of every such Book, and the Name or Names and Place of Abode of the Publisher or Publishers thereof, in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers in London, in such manner as hath been usual with respect to Books the Title whereof hath heretofore been entered > in such Register Book, and deliver One Copy, on the befl Paper as Copy for aforesaid, for the Use of the British Museum + which Register Book Biitiih Museum..shall at all times be kept at the Hall of the said Company: for Inspection of ! every of which several Entries the Sum of Two Shillings shall be Register paid, and no more 5 which said Register Book may at all seasonable and convenient times be resorted to and inspected by any Person 5 for which Inspection the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid to the Warehousekeeper of the said Company of Stationers, and such Warehousekeeper shall, when and as often as thereto required, give a Cer- Certificate, tificate under his Hand of every or any such Entry, and for every such Certificate the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid; and in case Title of Book such Entry of the Title of any such Book or Books shall not be duly entered, made by the Publisher or Publishers of any such Book or Books, within the said Calendar Month, or Three Months as the case may be, then the Publisher or Publishers of such Book or Books shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, together with Eleven Times the Penalty.

Price at which such Book shall be sold or advertised, to be recovered, together with full Cost of Suit, by the Person or Persont,

Body Pontic or Corporate, authorized to sue, and who shall first sue for the same, in any Court of Record in the United Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wage* of Law, EfTom, Privilege or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided always, that in the case of Maga- Proviso for zines, Reviews or other Periodical Publications, it shall be sufficient Maxines, to fftake such Entry in the Register Book of the said Company) within One Month next after the Publication of the First Numbet

[Proviso.]

Warehouse-keeper of Stationers* Hall to transmit to Librarians Lifts of Books entered; anil call on PuMifher for Copies.

Publishers to deliver Books at Library.

What deemed

Delivery.

Authors of Books published, now living, to have Benefit of Extension of Copyright.

[Proviso.]

Authors living at End of 28 Years foie Right of Publication for Life.

Limitation of Attions.j

C. 15 & 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

or Volume of such Magazine, Review or other Periodical Publication: Provided always, that no Failure in making any such Entry shall ia any manner affect any Copyright, but shall only subjedk the Person making Default to the Penalty aforesaid under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Warehousekeeper of the Company of Stationers shall from time to time and at all times, without any greater Interval than Three Months, transmit to the Librarian or other Person authorized on behalf of the Libranes before mentioned, correct Lifts of all Books entered in the Books of the said Company, and not contained in former Lifts; and that <k being required so to do by the said Librarians or other authori7 Person, or either of them, he shall call on the Publisher or Publishcn

of such Books, for as many of the said Copies as may have bee demanded of them.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if aix Publisher shall be desirous of delivering the Copy of such Book or Volume as aforesaid, as shall be demanded on behalf of any of the said Libraries, at such Library, it shall and may be lawful for hin to deliver the same at such Library, to the Librarian or other Person authorized to receive the same (who is hereby required to receive and to give a Receipt in Writing for the same); and such Delivery shall, to all Intents and Purposes of this Act, be held a equivalent to a Delivery to the said Warehousekeeper.

VaII. And Whereas it is reasonable that Authors of Books

already published, and who are now living, should also have the

Benefit of the Extension of Copyright; Be it further enacted, That if the Author of any Book or Books which shall not have bees published Fourteen Years at the time of passing this Act shall be living at the said time, and if such Author shall afterwards die before the Expiration of the said Fourteen Years, then the personal Representative of the said Author, and the Assignee or Assigns of such personal Representative, shall have the foie Right of printing and publishing the said Book or Books for the further Term of Fourteen Years after the Expiration of the first Fourteen Years: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of the Assignee or Assigns of such Author to fell any Copies of the fold Book or Books which shall have been printed by such Assignee or Assigns within the First Fourteen Years, or the Terms of any Cootnd between such Author and such Assignee or Assigns.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That if the Author of any Book or Books which have been already published shall be living at the End of Twenty eight Years after the First Publication of the Laid Book or Books, he or she shall for the Remainder of his or her Lite have the foie Right of printing and publishing the some; Provided that this shall not affect the Right of the Assignee or Assigns of such Author to fell any Copies of the said Book or Books which shall have been printed by such Assignee or Assigns within the said Twenty eight Years, or the Terms of any Contra& between such Author and such Assignee or Assigns.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Bills, Indictments or Informations for any Offence that shall be committed against this Act, shall be brought, sued and commenced, within Twelve Months next after such Offence committed, or else the some shall be void and of no Effect

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 157.

823

CAP. CLVn.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Conduct of the Bufi-- ness of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an jid for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in jirrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Listy certain Regulations were made for the Conduct and Expenditure of the Business of the Office of Works 5 but the same have been found in Practice to be inadequate for the Purposes for which they were intended; and it is therefore expedient that further and more effectual Provision should be made for that Purpose, and that the Expenditure and Execution of all other of His Majesty's Public Buildings, the Expence of which shall be defrayed out of any Funds granted by Parliament, should be placed under the same Superintendence and Controul; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Twenty second Year aforesaid, as relates to the Appointment of a Surveyor or Comptroller of His Majesty's Works (being bona fde by Profession an Architect or Builder), and to the Rules and Methods therein directed to be observed with regard to all Works which might theretofore have been done by the Board of Works, for His Majesty's Service, and to the Payment of the Expence incurred thereby, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint, during His Royal Pleasure, any (it and proper Person to be Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, whether the Expence of such Works and Public Buildings shall be defrayed out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, or out of any Funds granted by Parliament, or out of any Part of the Public Revenue heretofore usually included in the incidental Charges of such Department; and to grant to such Surveyor General such Salary as His Majesty may think fit, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds par jfnnum / and the said Surveyor General during the holding of the said Office shall be and he is hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into or of fitting and voting in Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person, being an Architect by Prosession, to be A-flistant Surveyor and Cashier in the said Office, and also to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Three, and being Architefts by Prosession, under the Denomination of* Architefts attached to the Office of Workswho shall be subject

11 G 3. c. 81. 6  1 a.

repealed.

Appointment of

Surveyor

General.

Salary.

Parliament, fitting in.

Appointment of Assistant, $cc. Architects.

*24

C. 157.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Salaries.

Existing Offices abolished.

Retired Allowances granted where Offices bolifhtd.

In what case Officers not engaged as Architects, Builders Or Contractors.

Fees not taken.

Officers doing Private Business, or taking Fees, deprived of Office.

to the Orders and Directions of the said Surveyor General, in preparing Plans, Estimates, working Drawings and Reports, and also in making Surveys, inspeding Workmen and superintending the Execution of Contracts, at all times, and at such of the RoyaL Palaces or other Public Buildings as the said Surveyor may appoint; and to grant the said Assistant Surveyor and Cashier such Salary, and to the said attached Architeds such Salary and C'ommifiioK, as to them the said Commissioners of the Treasury may seem proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to abolish any of the Ofhces at present existing in the Office of Works, which it may appear to them inexpedient or unnecrssary to continue $ and to nominate and appoint such Officers and Clerks in the Office of such Surveyor General, with such Salaries as to them may seem expedient.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall deem it expedient to abolish any of the Offices at present existing in the Office of Works, it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them, to make such Provision, by way of Retired Allowance, for the Person or Persons whose Office or Offices may be so abolished, as they may deem just and reasonable, until such Person or Persons be otherwise provided for.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works (except as herein after mentioned) to be in any manner engaged in any Business as Architeds or Builders, other than under the Provisions of this Act, and the Orders of the said Surveyor General; nor for the skid Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works; or to become Contractors, either openly or covertly, for the Execution of any Public Buildings or Works of any Description carried on under the Controul or Superintendauce of the said Surveyor General: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the attached Architeds to the Office of Works, or the Clerks of the Works, or Labourers' in Trust, or any of them, from carrying on their Private Business as Architeds, so as the same do not interfere with the due and faithful Execution of their Duties as Architeds or Clerks of the Works or Labourers in Trust attached or belonging to the Office of Works.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Surveyor General, or the said Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, or any of the attached Architeds, or any other of the Officers and Clerks who may be employed in the said Office of Works, to take or receive any Fee, Perauifite or Gratification, whatever, in respect of any Business done in the said Office or connected therewith, other than the Salaries or Commission to which they may be entitled under this Act, or the Authority of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, cr any other of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works save and except the said attached Architect and Clerks of the Works and Labourers in Trust) (had he in any manner engaged in Business as Architeds or Builders other than under the Provisions of this Act, and the Orders of the said Surveyor

General,

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. ffl.

C. 157, 158.

82 s

General, or if the said Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, or any of the "Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works shall become Contractors, either openly or covertly, for the Execution of any Public Buildings or Works of any Description carried on under the Controul or Superintendence of the said Surveyor General; or if the said Surveyor General or the said Assistant Surveyor and Cashier, or any of the said attached Architests, or any other of the Officers or Clerks employed in the said Office of" Works shall take or receive any Fee, Perquisite or Gratification, in respect of BufinefB done in the said Office or connected therewith, other than the Salary or Com* million to which he may be entitled under this Act, or the Authority of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and such taking or receiving shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, every such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be deprived of his Office or Situation in the said Office of Works,

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury to Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being or any prepare Code of Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, as soon as

conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare a full Q^ce# and complete Code of Instructions, for the Conduct of the whole Business of the Office of Works, and for the Regulation and Controul of the whole Expenditure thereof in all its Branches and Departments, conformably to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty, and shall transmit the same to the Surveyor General of the Office of Works, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Guidance of the said Surveyor General and his Assistant and his attached Architects, and of all the other Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office in the Performance and Exercise of their several and respective Duties therein 5 and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy of the said Code of Instructions to be laid before Parliament within Twenty one Days after their Signature thereof (if Parliament shall be then fitting), but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Twenty one Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter, vary and change such Code of Instructions, or to issue any additional Instructions, for the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and the Regulation of the Expenditure thereof, in such manner as the Good of His Majesty's Service may from time to time appear to them to require, always laying before Parliament as hereinbefore directed with regard to the original Code of Instructions, a Copy of such new Instructions.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Act to continue, for One Year, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons fenring in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from thehr Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the several Acts herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued Be it therefore

37 G 3. c. 70. 37 O.3. (I.) c. 40. continued.

19 G. %. c. aa.

9 G. 3. c. 30.

51 G. 3. c. 73.

fore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Two Acts made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience; which Acts were to continue in force for the Term in the said recited Acts respectively mentioned, and which laid recited Acts by several Acts made in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland have been further continued, and are now in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the said Acts are hereby further continued on and from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen for the Space of One Year and no longer.

CAP. CLIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays and Navigable Rivers, in the United Kingdom; and of His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that Purpose.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the 1 Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, iutituled

An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels and Navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain- called England: And Whereas another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act, taped in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy, and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of Jlealing or embezzling His Majesty's Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamen's Wages: And Whereas another Act pafiVd

in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Naval Arsenals in the River Medway, and Portsmouth and Hamoaze Harbours, and of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels lying at and retorting to the same: And Whereas the Provisions of the said several recited Acts

have not been found adequate to the Purposes for which the same

were made 5 and therefore it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

as relates to the Harbour Moorings, of the Royal Navy, and also so much of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her

late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the said Harbour Moorings,

should be repealed, and other and more effectual Provisions made in lieu thereof 5 and also, that the said recited Act of the Nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second

should be extended as herein after mentioned; and also, that the said

Recited Ad of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 159. 827

Majesty should be repealed; and that such further and other Provisions should be made as herein after mentioned, for the better Regulation and Protection of the several Ports, Harbours, Havens,

Roads, Roadileads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks,

Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, 9 G. 3. c. 30. as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy 5 and also so 4, 3. much of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late I0 Ann. c. 17. Majesty Queen Anne (a), as relates to the said Harbour Moorings; 21, 42. and and also that the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign 51 G-3- c* 73* of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby respectively rePeale* repealed. (flj \Prev\ouJly repealed, 9 G. 3. c30.  I.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Admiralty may High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing e0abllftl Regu-the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great so^onof Britain and Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are Kine's Moor-hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as Occasion shall ings'and for require, to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, in Writing mooring Mer-under his or their respective Hand or Hands, or the Hand of his or chant Ships, their Secretary, as he or they shall think proper for the Preservation of His Majesty's Moorings, and for the mooring, anchoring and placing of all Private Ships of War, Transports, and all other Private and Merchant Ships and Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats and other Craft whatsoever, in nil the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads,

Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers of the United Kingdom, so far as the Tide flows and reflows, where or near to which His Majesty now hath, or where His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors may at any time or times hereafter have any X>ocks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs or Moorings 5 and Harbour Masters to be appointed as herein after mentioned, for superintending the same for the Purpose of insuring free and safe Ingress, Egrels and Regress unto, into, to and from the said Ports, Harbours,

Havens, Roads, Roadileads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, and to and from His Majesty's said Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs and Moorings therein; and for that Purpose to order and diretl such Spaces along the Sides of, over, against or near to such Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs and Moorings, as they shall judge necessary to be kept free and open, and to cause the same to be marked out by Piles, Buoys or other sufficient Marks, and to order and direct what Spaces and Distances shall be appropriated to and for the sole Use and Purpose of Moorings, for His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War and hired armed Ships or Vessels in His Majesty's Service; and also to specify the Distances from His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings,

Ships and Hulks, within which no Private Ship of War, Transport, or any other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge,

Boat or other Craft whatever, shall be moored, anchored or placed.

and

No private Ship of War,c. to fasten to His Majesty*, Moorings.

Penalty*

Power to remove private Ships.

and for all and tvtrj or mny other the Purposes herein after mentioned; and from time to time to vary and alter such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as Occasion shall require for the Purposes aforesaid; and also from time to time to appoint proper Persons, to be called The King9/ Harbour Masters* to fiiperintend such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadtteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to enforce Obedience to all such Rules, Orders and Regulations; all which said Rules, Orders and Regulations, shall upon the making thereof, and also from time to time whenever the same shall in any manner be varied or altered, be forthwith printed and published in The London Ga*rttr, and being also printed and put upon Pasteboard shall be constantly kept hung up in some open and conspicuous Part of the Custom House, or other Place of Public Resort for Business in the Port, Harbour or Haven, for which the same shall be made or where the same shall be directed to be in force, to the Intent that the same may be seen and read, and Copies or Extracts taken therefrom by all Persons interested therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Private Ship of War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft what foe ver, for which no Licence so to do shall have been first obtained in Writing under the Hand of any Commissioner of the Navy, Port Admiral or other Person who shall be duly authorized by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to grant such Licences for the Time and Pitrpose to be therein particularly specified, shall, unless forced thereto by Stress of Weather or other unavoidable Accident, be moored or fattened to any of His Majesty's Moorings, Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Piles, Ships or Hulks, or shall in any manner be moored, anchored or placed within any such Difiances so to be appropriated as aforesaid to and for the sole Use and Purpose of Moorings for His Majesty* Ships or Vessel of War, or hired armed Ships or Vessels in His Majesty's Service, or within any such Distance, so to be specified as aforesaid, from His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings Ships or Hulks, or within any such Spaces so to be directed to be kept open as aforesaid, or in the fair Way or Channel or across the Stream in any such Port, Harbour, Haven or Navigable River, so as to obstruct the Passage or Entrance into the same; the Maker or other Person then on board, and having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft; and is case the proper Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft so being moored, fattened, anchored or placed, shall not happen to be then on board the same, then the Owner or Owners thereof, whether he, she or they shall happen to be then on board the same or not, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, for each and every Tide which such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall flay and remain so moored, anchored or placed.

IV. And, for the Prevention of any Damage which might otherwise be occasioned to His Mqefly*s Moorings, Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Piles, Ships or Hulks, and also for the Prevention of Delay in the Public Service, be it enacted, That in case the Owner, Matter, or other Person on board, for the time being having the Charge or

Command

r

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

C-15^ 829

Command of any Private Ship of War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which shall be moored or fattened to any of His Majesty's Moorings* Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Ships or Hulks, or which shall in any manner be 'moored, anchored or placed within any such Distance as aforesaid, so to be appropriated to and for the sole Use and Purpose of Moorings for His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships or Vessels in His Majesty's Service, or within any such Distance so to be specified as aforesaid from His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings, Ships or Hulks, or within any such Spaces so to be directed to be kept open as aforesaid, or in the fair Way or Channel of or across the Stream in any such Port, Harbour, Haven or Navigable River, so as to obstruct the Passage or Entrance into the same, mall neglect or refuse to unmoor, and to remove any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which shall be moored, anchored or placed as aforesaid, out of and beyond Inch Spaces and Dillauces as aforesaid, and also out of such fair Way, Channel or Stream as aforesaid, for the Space of One Hour next alter Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left on board such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, for that Purpose, by One of His Majesty's Naval or Dock Yard Officers; that then it (half be lawful for any Person so to be appointed Harbour Mailer as aforesaid, and also for any Officer belonging to ai r TT* Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, Docks, Dock Yards or

and for any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to unmoor such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and also to remove the same to some proper Place out of and beyond such Spaces and Distances as aforesaid, and also out of such fair Way,

Channel or Stream; and every such Owner, Mailer or other Person, so negieding andrefufing as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, Penalty, forfeit and pay the further Sum of Ten Pounds.

V. And Whereas it sometimes happens that His Majesty's Mooring Anchors are hooked by the Anchors of Private Ships of War, Transports and other Private and Merchant Ships or Vessels by accident, and without the Default of the Owners, Mailers or other Persons having the Charge or Command thereof; but great Danger and Damage are and may be occasioned by unhooking the same, or by leaving the Anchors of such Moorings in an unsafe manner, or in an improper Place For Prevention thereof, be it enacted, That whenever any Private Ship of War, Transport or Notice given other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, shall in any manner, either when by Accident or otherwise, hook any of His Majesty's Moorings, the Majesty's Owner, Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of J^ssarC such Ship or Vessel, shall not proceed to unhook the same, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be paid by every such Owner, Mailer or other Person; but shall forthwith give Notice thereof to The King's Harbour Matter, Commissioner of the Navy, or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Dock Yard or Naval Yard, whichever shall be nearest to the Place where the same may happen, in order that full and effectual Aid and Assistance may be forthwith given, for the Purpose of, clearing such Private Ship of War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, from such Moorings, without Damage to the same; for which said Aid and Assistance, every such

Matter,

3y

Places appointed for breaming Sh'ps, and leaving and receiving Gunpowder.

C. 159. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Matter, Owner or other Person, shall pay such reasonable Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as shall be adjudged in a summary way, by any Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace, to be recovered in the same manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be recovered, and with such Power of Commitment, on Nonpayment thereof, as in cases of Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and I empowered, from time to time, by Order or Notice in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, or the Hand of his or their Secretary, to prohibit the breaming of any Ships or Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats or other Craft, at any Place or Places on Shore, where it may to them seem proper and necessary to prohibit the same, and also to order at what Place or Places, within or near all or any of such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadflead*, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers in this Kingdom as aforesaid, no Private Ships of War, Transports or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall come, or be laden with or having on board thereof any Quantity or Quantities of Gunpowder, exceeding Five Pounds Weight in the whole; and also to appoint fit and proper Places, either afloat or on Shore, where all Gunpowder, exceeding Fbe Pounds Weight in the whole, shall and may be left and deposited, by and from, or taken and received into, any such Ships or Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats or other Craft; all which Orders, Notices and Appointments of such Places shall be notified in the London Gazette; and that the Matter General or principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, or any Three of them for the time being, shall appoint fit and proper Persons there, to take in and receive, and also to give and deliver ouj all such Gunpowder, and upon the taking in thereof to give Receipts for the same, and also to grant a Certificate to any such Owner, Matter or other Person, of his having left and deposited all such Gunpowder, and having made and signed a Declaration in Writing under his Hand, of his having so done, and that neither he nor any other Person or Persons, to his Knowledge or Belief, had any Gunpowder, exceeding Five Pounds Weight in the whole, then on board such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, as the case may require; which Declaration every such Matter, Owner or other Person is hereby required to make, as the case may require, and for which said Certificate the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, shall be paid; and every such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be accountable to the Owner or Owners of all such Gunpowder for the same, and shall deliver the same to such Owner or Owners thereof upon demand, on being paid such reasonabb Sum of Money for Warehouse Room, in Proportion to the Quantity of such Gunpowder, and the time for which the same shall have beta kept, as shall be ascertained and fixed, either by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or by the Matter General and principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, or any Three or more of them, by -any Rule, Order or Regulation, to be made in that

behalf;

A.D. 1814. j4 GEO. III. C. 159* 831

behalf; and that no Ship or Vessel having or having had any such Quantity of Gunpowder on board, shall be allowed to clear at any Custom House in any Port where there shall be any such Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, without producing and leaving such Certificate, together with the Christian and Surname of the Pilot (if any) who piloted such Ship or Vessel into such Port, at the Custom House of such Port; and all and every Owner, Matter, Pilot or other Person Penalty, having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship of War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge,

Boat or other Craft, which shall come, arrive or be (except in cases of Stress of Weather) within any of the Distances so to be specified as aforesaid, having on board thereof any Quantity or Quantities of Gunpowder exceeding Five Pounds Weight together in the whole, or which, having come in under Stress of Weather, shall not unship and deliver all such Gunpowder within the Space of Twenty four Hours next after the ceasing of such Weather (and thereof forthwith give Notice at the Custom House to excuse the Production of such Certificate), shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for Penalty, each and every Five Pounds Weight of Gunpowder which shall be found or which shall have been on board any such Ship or Vessel,

lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, within any of the Distances so to be specified as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and every such Pilot, who shall wilfully and knowingly in what case offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall Pilot* rendered for ever thereafter be rendered incapable of acting as a Pilot. incapable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Private Ship of War, Breaming Ship Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, lighter, except at ap-Barge, Boat or other Craft whatever, shall be breamed afloat in any Pimed Haces of the Ports, Harbours or Havens, or other Places of this Kingdom, for which any such Rules, Orders or Regulations, shall be made as aforesaid, or in which the same shall be in force, nor at any Place on Shore where such Breaming shall have been prohibited as aforesaid, upon Pain that every Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that no Fire Tensity, shall be kept on board of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Fires on board Boat or other Craft, in any such Port, Harbour or Haven, between sh, Ps>&c* the Hours of Eleven in the Evening and Five in the Morning, from the First Day of October to the Thirty first Day of March inclusive; nor between the Hours of Eleven in the Evening and Four in the Morning, from the First Day of dpril to the Thirtieth Day of September inclusive, in every Year; upon Pain that every Owner,

Matter or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that no Penalty. Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Grease, Tallow, Oil or any other Turpentine, kc, combustible Matter whatsoever, shall be boiled or heated on board boiled, &c. on any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft what- board soever, within the Distance of Two hundred and fifty Yards from any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships or Vessels in His Majesty's Service, in any of the Ports, Harbours,

Havens, Roads, Roadsteads, Creeks, Sounds, Bays or Navigable Rivers, as aforesaid, where the same may happen to be; nor within the Dittance of Two hundred and fifty Yards from any of Hi*

Majesty* Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals or Wharfs, upon Pain that

every

[Penalty.]

Guos (hotted,

Fired, &c.

Penalties.

Private Ships, &c. searched for Gunpowder, ice.

Owner, Sec, refuGng.

[Penalty.]

Unlicensed Persons sweeping for His Majesty's Stores.

*15 -,

[Penalty.]

C. 50. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

every Owner, Mailer or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, fitall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Mailer dr other Person, having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship of War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall, while such Ship or Vessel shall lie, or be in any of such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadfleads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, within the United Kingdom 1 as aforesaid, keep any Gun or Guns of and beljmging to such Ship

or Vessel (hotted or loaded with Ball, or shall Are or discharge or cause or permit to be fired or discharged any Gun or Gun3 on board such Ship or Vessel lying the rein, before Sun-rising or after Sun-setting, every such Owner, Mailer or other Person as aforesaid) shall, for every such Gun so kept (hotted or loacted, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings, and for every Gun so fired or discharged, the Sum of Ten Shillings.

IX. And, for the better Discovery of the Offenders against this Act, and for the Purpose of bringing them to Punishment, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Harbour Mailer, and also for any Officer belonging to any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, Docks, Dock Yards or Arsenals, and also for any Person or Persons in their or any or either of their Aid or Affiilance, at any Hour between Sun-rising and Sun-setting, to go and enter into and on board of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, in order to search for Gun-powder, Guns (hotted, and the heating and melting such combustible Matters aforesaid, "within the Limits wherein the same are by this Act prohibited; and if the Owner, Master or other Person then on board, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Crass, shall, upon Demand in that be* half made, refuse to permit or shall not permit any such Person or Persons as aforesaid to come and enter into and on board of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Bofct or other Craft, and to make a due and proper Search and Examination for the Purposes aforesaid, every such Owner, Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

X. And, for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of His MajestyV Stores, be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, not being in His Majesty's Service, or employed in His Majesty's Dock Yards Or Arsenals, and in the regular Performance of his Duty, or not being authorized so to do for His Majesty's Use, by Licence under the Hand of some Commissioner of His Majesty's Navy, which said Licence any such Commissioner is hereby empowered to grant, and also to revoke at his Will and Pleasure, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever creep or sweep for Anchors, Cables, Ropes, Rope Yarns or other Stores, loft or supposed to be loft in any of the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Road Reads, Sounds, Channel* Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom as aforesaid, within the Distance of One hundred Yards from airy of His Majesty*9 Ships or Vessels of War, or hired Ships or Vessels in His Majesty* Service, or from any Moorings belonging to His Majesty, or within any fu^h Distance so to be marked as aforesaid, upon Bbfn of fprfjising, for every Rich Offence, the Sort of Ten Pfrtftth,

A.D. 1814 54 GEO. III. C. 159* 833

XI. And be it Further enacted, That if the Owner, Matter or Casting Ballast, other Person having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship ofc*int

War, Transport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Vessel, ou,:

lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft whatsoever, or any Person working any Quarry, Mine or Pit, near to the Sea, or to any such Harbour, Haven or Navigable River as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall cast, throw, empty or unla ie, or cause or procure to be cast, thrown, emptied or unladen, either from or out of any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or from the Shore, any Ballatt, Stone, Slate, Gravel, Earth, Rubbish,

[Proviso.]

Wreck or Filth, into any of such Ports, Roads, Roadsteads, Harbours, Havens or Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom as aforesaid, so as to tend to the Injury or Obstruction of the Navigation thereof, or in any Place or Situation on Shore where the same shall be liable to be washed into the Sea, or into any such Ports, Roads, Roadsteads, Harbours, Havens or Navigable Rivers, either by ordinary or high Tides or by Storms or Land Floods; all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and Penalty, besides all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place the said Matters which may have been deposited contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Expences to be recoverable in such manner and with such power of Commitment on Nonpayment thereof, as in c^sea of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to.extend to the casting out, unlading or throwing out of any Ship or Vessel,

lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, any Stones, Rocksf, Bricks, Lime or other Materials used or to be uled in or towards the Building, Repairing or keeping in Repair any Quay, Pier, Wharf, Wear,

Bridge or other Building, or the Banks or Sides of any Port, Harbour, Haven, Channel or Navigable River, or any Materials for repairing any Highway 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And, for the more effectually preventing such Injuries, be it In mi-further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or ner$hipa, &c. Craft whatsoever, shall unlade on any Part of the Shore (except

on some Wharf properly constructed for the Purpose\ any Ballatt, 7?

Stone, Slate, Gravel, Earth, Rubbish, Wreck or Filth, except at the time of High Water, or within Two Hours before or Two Hours after High Water; and that, for every such Purpose, every such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or Craft shall approach the Shore, as far as the Tide and the Draught of Water of such Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or Craft will adjnit, and shall, under no circumstances, and in no Situation, deposit any of the said Matters below Low Water Mark at Neap Tides; and that every Vessel drawing above Eleven Feet of Water at the Stem, shall unlade all such Materials into some lighter, Barge or Boat, as hereinbefore directed, in order that the same may be conveyed as near the Shore as possible at the time of High Water, as hereinbefore directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Ballatt and other Baflaft a* o* Matter shall, in all the above mentioned cases, be catt on Shore from fbov* from Side the Side of the Ship, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which shall be nearest to the Land, and not otherwise: and every Person w

54Gxo.III. 3 H who

[Penalty.]

Taking Ballast from Shore in Harbours.

[Penalty.]

Tarpaulins used in taking in and discharging Ballad.

[Penalty.]

Provisions relative to Ballad dispensed with.

Ships, &c. sunk, itCf raised, fcc.

c. 159.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

who shall offend in any of the above Particulars shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and above all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place the said Matters which may have been deposited contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Expences to be recoverable in such manner and with such Powers of Commitment on Nonpayment thereof, as in cases of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act.

XIV. And, in order to prevent Damage being done to the Shores or Banks of the Ports, Harbours or Havens in this Kingdom, be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall take any Ballad or Shingle from the Shores or Banks, or any Portion of the Shores or Banks of any Port, Harbour or Haven of this Kingdom, from which the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the time being, shall find it necessary for the Prote6lion of such Port, Harbour or Haven, or the Works thereof, by Order under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three of them, or the Hands of his or their Secretary, and pubmhed in the London Ga % ette % shall prohibit the taking or removing of such Shingle or Ballast, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuen Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in the taking of Ballast into any Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and also in the discharging of the same from any Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Boat, Barge or other Craft, every such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall be provided with, and shall make use of One or more Tarpaulin or Tarpaulins properly stretched and spread, in order to prevent such Ballast or any Part thereof from falling into the Sea, or into any Harbour, Haven or Navigable River; and in case any Person or Persons shall either take any Ballast into any Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or shall discharge the same from any Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, without using such sufficient Tarpaulin or Tarpaulins, properly stretched and spread, in order to prevent such Ballast or any Part thereof from falling into the Sea, or into any such Harbour, Haven or Navigable River; all and every Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to grant Licences under their Hands and Seal of Office, or under the Hand and Seal of Office of his or their Secretary, for dispensing with the foregoing Provisions relative to Ballast, in cases that may leem to require such Dispensation.

XVII. And Whereas Ships or Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats and other Craft, are oftentimes sunk or stranded in the Ports, Har-

hours, Havens, Roads, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks,

Bays and Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom; and the same or the

Hulks thereof are frequently suffered to fink into and remain io f the Sand there, to the great Damage of the said Ports, Harbours,

Havens, Roads, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and

Navigable Rivers, and also to the great Danger and Damage of the Ships and Vessels coming and resorting to the same: For remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when and as often as

A.D. 1814.

40 GEO. III.

C.i5>. tjis

any Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall be sunk or stranded in any Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead,

Sound, Channel, Creek, Bay or Navigable River in this Kingdom, where such Harbour Mailer shall be so appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any such Harbour Master, and also for any Commissioner of the Navy residing in or near the Place where the same shall happen, in case the Owner or Owners, Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, lighter,

Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall refuse or neglect to weigh and raise the same for the Space of Twenty eight Days then next following, to cause any such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, to be weighed and raised, and to cause the same, and the Furniture, Tackle and Apparel thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, and also all or any Part of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels and Effects which shall be found on board the same, to be sold by Public Auction, or otherwise, and thereby and therewith to pay the Charges and Expences of Weighing and Railing such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and clearing the Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead, Sound, Channel,

Creek, Bay or Navigable River, where the same shall happen, and also the Charges and Expences of such Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons, who by Law shall be entitled to the same.

XVIII. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That all and Officer* in-every such Harbour Mailer, and Commissioners of the Navy, and demnitied. all and every Officer and Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships of

War, Docks, Dock Yards and Arsenals, and all and every other Person and Persons acting in his, their or any of their Aid or Assistance, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for all and whatsoever he or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Harbour Master the said Harbour Master or Commissioner of the Navy, shall not neglecting, proceed to cause such Ship or Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat or Owner m*y other Craft to be weighed and raised within the Space of Two raUeVe ci* Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the said Twenty eight

Days, then and in that case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners, Master or other Person, to proceed to weigh and raise such sunken or stranded Ship or Vessel, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and the Goods and Effects therein, in the same manner as if this Act had not been made and passed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner of the Commissionert Navy, who for the time being shall be residing at any Port, Dock of Navy acting Yard or Arsenal, near to any Place where any Offence against this ai

Act may be committed, shall be and be deemed to be a Justice of the Peace for all the Purposes of this Act; and that all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm made and now in force, for the Safe, Safety and Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to all such Commissioners of the Navy, and to all Constables, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers or Persons a6ling under the Warrant or Authority of any such Commissioner of the Navy, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted as to and for the Ease, Safety and

3H a

Prote6Uon

ized by

C. 159.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

Penalties, See. how recovered, Sec.

Imprisonment.

Extent of Juris-dlotion of Commissioners of Navy and Justice of Peace.

Conviction how 4mm up.

Protection of such Commissioners of the Navy, and the ConfUblet, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers or Persons acting under their or any of their Warrant or Authority.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences shall be committed, before any Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace redding at or near to the Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed; all which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be applied as follows 5 that is to say, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods, to be adjudged by such Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace, to the Informer; and every such Commissioner of the Navy and Justice of the Peace, is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made, to grant and issue his Warrant in Writing under his Hand, to bring before them respectively such Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her or their Confession, or on Oath (which Oath every such Commissioner of the Navy and Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with such Costs as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace to commit any such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correctoe for the County, City or Borough, at or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Three Months, unkfs such Penalty or Forfeiture and Costs shall be looner paid.

XXII. And Whereas divers Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, in this Kingdom, do lie partly in one County and partly in another, and partly or in the Whole out of the Body of any County of this Realm; by reason whereof Doubts may anse as to the Jurisdiction of any Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace, touching any Offence or Offences which may be committed contrary to this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for anj Commissioner of the Navy, redding at or near to any Port, Harbour or Haven, or any Part thereof, or for any Justice of the Peace for any County, City or Borough, acting in and for any District or Place next adjoining to any such Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead, Sound, Channel, Creek, Bay or Navigable River, or any Member of any of them, where any such Offence or Offences may be committed, to proceed in the Execution of this Act, and of aQ the Powers and Authorities thereof, herein and hereby given to commissioners of die Navy and Justices of the Peace, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Offence or Offences had been committed locally within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Commissioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace, although the same may have been committed out of the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Commissioner or Justice^ or out of tbs Body of any County of this Realm.

XXIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, and also for the Prevention of frivolous and vexatious

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 159. 3>

Appeals, be it farther enacted, That every Commissioner of the Navy and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Hating the case, or the Fasts or Evidence, in any more particular manner; that is to say,

j^E it Remembered, that on the Day of Form.

in the Year of our Lord

A\ B. is convicted before me One of the Commissioners of the Navy, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of [as the case

may be-\ for that the said A.B. on the Day of

at did [here fate the Offence against this

Ad'] contrary to the Statute in such case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

written.'

Which Conviction the said Commissioner or Justice shall cause to be Written on fairly written upon Parchment or Paper, and returned to the next Parchment, General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Division, City*.

Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, where such Conviction was

made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and

be kept among the Records of the same County, Division or Place

and the same shall not be removed by Certiorari, Advocation Certiorari* 4c-

or Suspension, or any other Process whatsoever, into any Court

whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons mt

shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before attending any such Commissioner or Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching

any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the part of the Informer or Prosecutor, or of the Party or Parties accused, and shall uegleft or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neeleft or Refusal, to be allowed by such Commissioner or Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Complaint or Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid and penalt applied in such manner and by such means as is above directed with respect to Fines on summary Convictions.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, upon p, Examination on Oath or Affirmation before any Commissioner of the J Navy, or before any Justice of the Peace in any Matter relating to

the Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any Information or Deposition sworn, or Affirmation taken in Writing, before any such Commissioner or Justice, wilfully and corruptly (wear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall oe false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subj*ft and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Persona convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by any Law now in force subject and liable to.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Appeal lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Commissioner

838 C. 159. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Notice.

Recognizance.

Colls.

Final.

t.imitntion of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Proviso for 1- iaht of Property, &c.

Proviso for Local Acts.

missioner of the Navy or Justice of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, within Three Calendar Months next after such Convidiiou, to appeal to the JufUces of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City or Place, where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days' Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before some Commissioner of the Navy, or Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices at the General Quarter Sessions shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and a Recognizance having been entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months after the Matter or Thing done, and the Venue therein laid in the proper County, and not elsewhere 3 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdidi shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants has or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have by Law in other cases.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, abridge, alter or take away any Right of Property, Privilege or Jurisdiction, or any Powers of Conservancy, held, possessed, used, exercised or enjoyed by any Body Corporate or Politic, or by any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, in, to, upon or over any of the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays or Navigable Rivers of the United Kingdom, or to the Banks, Shores or Sides thereof; or to repeal any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament which may have been passed for the Regulation of any River, Port or Harbour, in the United Kingdom, or the Shipping frequenting the same, except such Acts and rrovisions as are expressly repealed by this present Act; but that such respective Rights of Property, Privileges, Jurisdictions and Powers of Conservancy, shall be respectively and exclusively enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a man per in every respedi, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 160/ 839

CAP. CLX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales f during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highness.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty fifth 35 G. 3. c. 12r# Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision out of His Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues: And Whereas His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales did, under the said Act, and in pursuance of the Powers therein contained, authorize the Payment of Fivethousand Pounds made payable Quarterly by the said Act to Him or any Person authorized by Him, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales; which Sum hath been received for Her Use: And Whereas His said Royal Highness did afterwards cause the further Annual Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds to be paid to Her Royal Highness; which Sum Her Royal Highness also continued to receive until the Arrangement herein after mentioned: And Whereat it was, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, represented to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales % that the Debts of Her said Royal Highness amounted to the Sum of Forty nine thousand Pounds, and His said Royal Highness did moil graciously propose to take upon Himself the Arrangement of the said Debts of Her Royal Highness to that Amount, although under no legal Obligation to pay those Debts: And Whereas His Royal Highness was also graciously pleased to propose to increase the Income of Her Royal Highnefa to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds Net, by adding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, amounting in the whole, with the said before mentioned Sum of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, received by Her Royal Highness at the Exchequer, to the Sum of Twenty two thousand rounds: And Whereas, with a View to secure Regularity in the Expenditure of Her Royal Highness, and that all the Demands upon Her Royal Highness's Income might be administered in such manner as might be necessary to answer the intended Objects which His Royal Highness had in view of seeing Justice done to the Creditors of Her Royal Highness, without bringing any increased Charge upon the Public; and that His said Royal Highness should obtain a Security against any future Demands on account of any Debts of Her said Royal Highness, it was proposed that Her said Royal Highness should by a Writing: under Her meer of Her own to receive the

Income prc pon Her Royal Highness, by His

said Royal Highness, from the Treasurer of His Royal Highness, and that Her Royal Highness's Officer should receive Instructions by that Appointment, to settle the Course of Payments in like

and that Her

C. 160.

54 GEO- III-

A.D. 1814.

manner, and in like time, as the Payments on behalf of His Royal

Highness are directed to be settled by the said recited Act of the

Thirty fifth Yeas of His Majesty's Reign: And Whereas it was

in such Proposal, and the Acceptance thereof understood, that the Arrangement, if carried into Erfest, was a final Arrangement as to

the Income which His Royal Highness was thereafter to allow to Her Royal Highness; and it was further agreed and understood,

that a Document to such Purport should be signed by His Royal

Highness as making the Proposal, and by Her Royal Highness as assenting to and concurring with all the Parts of it 5 whi<m Docu-

ment was so signed accordingly 2 And Whereas His Majesty, having ' been made acquainted with the said Proposal, for the Purpose of

learning His Majesty's Pleasure thereon, as the Father of His

Family, did by a Writing, signed by His Majesty, and with His Majesty's Approbation, placed in the Hands of His Royal High-; 4 ness, signify that His Majesty thought it reasonable that it should be fully utiderstood, and that His Majesty did so undertland it, that

it would be contrary to what His Royal Highness reasonably and justly made an indispensable Condition, and contrary to the abfatate

and efiential Faith of the Transaction, that His Royal Highness>s

5 regular Payment of the Seventeen thousand Pounds ter yiunnm, 1 being continued, should remain liable in any way for the future to 4. the jjebta of Her Royal Highness, His Royal Highness having

liberally undertaken, when thus focured by His Majesty's Approbation, to settle the Debts of Her Royal Highness to the Amount of the Sums of Forty one thousand Poinds and Eight; thousand Pounds, making in all Forty nine thousand Pounds, and to tucrease Her Royal Highness'e Income to the Net Sum of Scwestteira thousand Pounds: And Whereas His Royal Highness did, mpurfhance

of such Arrangement, take upon Himself the Payment of the said Debts, amounting to the said Sum of Forty nine thousand Pounds in the whole, and pay, or make due Pkopifibii f6r the Payment

thereof; and the same have beeri finoe fall# discharged, and are wholly paid and satisfied: And Whereas' His said Royal High-

ness did, by Warrant under His Privy, Seal, gtvcait Qtriton House on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, order and direct the Payment of such Annual 'Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds out of the Monies receivable to the Use of His Royal Highness at His Majesty's Exchequer, by Quarterly Paymentsr to the Person who should be appointed by Her Royal Highness to receive the same; which Sum As* ever since been regularly and punctually paid: And Wheram ittt deemed proper that His Majesty should be enabled to make an Addition to the Income of Her Royal Highness of ThirteeniXbmifand Pounds annually, making the Annual Income of Her Royal Highness by such Addition, amount in the whole to the Annual Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds: And Whereat it? is expedient that His Majesty should for such Purpose be enabled to grant One Annual Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds, to be in lieu of the Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds, now received by or for and on behalf of Her Royal Highness by the Authority of His Royal Highness, out of the Sums payable to His Royal Highness at the Exchequer; and that such Thirty fi*e 4 thousand Pounds should be made payable to Her Royal Highnefi

C.i6o.

841

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in Quarterly Sums, to the Use of Her Royal Highness, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highness: And Whereat it is, under such

circumstances as are above recited, just and reasonable and proper,

that His Royal Highness should be fully indemnified and discharged ' from and against all Demands and DeDts which may have been or

may hereafter be incurred by Her Royal Highness; ' We Your Majesty's raoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Annuity of shall and may be lawful to and for His Royal Highness the Prince 35iOol-grants* Regent, in the Name and on the behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great princel* of Britain, to give and grant to Her said Royal Highness the Princeft Walts, of Wales, One Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds shall commence and take Efied from the Fifth Day of July Gat thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and continue from thenceforth for and during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her said Royal Highness, and shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year j that is to say, the Tenth Day of Odder, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the Day after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and that the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds shall and may, by such Letters Patent, be directed to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, during the joint Lives of His Majesty most of Her said Royal Highness, after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sums as mall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Ad or Act of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, and with a Preference to all other Payments which Audi or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Thirty Annuity payable

five thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of at Exchequer, His Majesty's Exchequer \ aftd the Auditor of the said Receipt J4 Debentures shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent, to with,

make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying accord- "1

sng to the Directions of this Act the said Annuity, as the lame shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity according to the Directions of the said Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Thirty Annuity free five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from Duty under from the Puty imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G*3*c> 5*

present

C. i6oj 161.

A.D. 1814.

Upon Commencement, and during Annuity of 35, cool, to Prmeels, the 5, ocol. and 17, cool, referred at Exchequer and carried to Consolidated Fund.

The Prince Regent indemnified against all Debts of Her Royal Highness.

35

Annuity to be in part of J omture.

54 GEO. III.

present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and from all other Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever, im-

Eofedor to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise owsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon and from and after the Commencement of the Payment to Her Royal Highness at the Exchequer, of the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, the said Annual Sums of Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds respectively, heretofore payable and paid as aforesaid to Her Royal Highness under the Authority of His Royal Highness, shall be no longer payable or paid to Her Royal Highness; and all Warrants for such Payments or Dispositions thereof made by His Royal Highness for the Payment of such Sums respectively, to or for the Use or Benefit of Her Royal Highness, shall become and be wholly void; and from thenceforth such several Sums of Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds respectively, shall, during the Continuance of the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds to Her Royal Highness, be referred at the Exchequer out of the Sums payable at the Exchequer to His Royal Highness, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That His Royal Highness the Prince Regent is hereby declared to be, and shall be, and is by this Act freed and fully indemnified against, and wholly discharged from all Debts, Claims and Demands, which may hereafter be in* curred by, or may in any manner have arisen, or may hereafter arise out of any Expenditure of Her said Royal Highness; and every Action or Suit or Proceeding against His Royal Highness, or against any Commissioner or Officer of His Royal Highness, or affecting any Revenue of His Royal Highness, for or in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, shall be and is hereby declared to be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for the better en- ailing His Majesty to make Provision for a fare and certain Jointure*for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her 1 Life: And Whereas no Letters Patent for granting any Annuityunder the said Act have been granted by His Majesty Be it therefore enacted, That the Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, when granted and secured to Her Royal Highness under this Act, shall be and be deemed and taken to be in Part of the Fifty thousand Pounds allowed to be granted under the said recited Act, and in lieu of Thirty five thousand Pounds of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds.

CAP. CLXI.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purdufe an Estate in order to accompany the said Tide, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said

16 Duke

C. itfi.

843

54 GEO. III.

Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke, then Marquis of Wellington.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting

in the Name and on the oehalf of Your Majesty, by His

most gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath

been pleased to declare that having taken into His Consideration

the many lignal Victories obtained by Field Marshal the Duke of Wellington, His Royal Highness has been pleased to confer upon him

the Rank and Title of a Duke and Marquis of the United Kingdom;

and is desirous of further manifesting the Sense he entertains of* those great and extraordinary Services which have exalted the Re-

nown of the British Army, established the Independence and Safety

of Portugal and Spain, and contributed largely to the Tranquillity of Europe; the Prince Regent therefore recommended to His Majesty's faithful Commons to enable His Royal Highness to grant

fuen Annuity to Field Marshal the Duke of Wellington and to the

Heirs of his Body who may succeed to the Title of Duke of WeU

lington, as shall tend to support the high Dignity of the Title conferred, and be it the same time a lasting Memorial of His Royal Highness's Feelings and of the Gratitude and Munificence of the Nation; Now, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Annuity of One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds of lawful 13P00I. granted Money of Great Britain shall be issued and issuing and paid and of

payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated

Fund of Great Britain (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay

all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the lame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say. To Arthur now Duke of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington shall defeend, pursuant to the Limitation of the Patent whereby the said Dignity is granted; and in Default of such Heirs Male, then to and for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, and to such Uses as are herein after mentioned, limited and directed, expressed and declared; which said Annuity or Yearly Rent Commence-or Sum shall commence and take Effect from the Tenth Day of October vent, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; the First Payment to be computed and made to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thence shall Payable be payable Quarterly at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Quarterly.

Year

C.i6i.

A.D. 1814.

Treasury, on Application of Duke or his Heirs, may advance to Trustees under 33 G. 3. c. 4. indead of Annuity, 400, 0001. to purchase Lands, &c.

c. 133.

Trustees under 53 G.3.CC. 4. 133. Trustees under Art, and ico, ooool. fuh-jert to Regulations of Art.

Treasury by W arrant to direct Auditor

54 GEO. III.

Year; that is to say, the Tenth Day of Ofloter, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain for the time being, upon Application of the said Duke, or of the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke who may succeed to the Title of the Duke of Wellington, to advance at one time, or from time to time, to the Trustees for the time being for the Purposes of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the JPublic, as amended by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, in lieu of the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of enabling the said Trustees, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners, to purchase Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be settled to the Use of the said Duke and the Heirs Male of his Body to whom the Title of Duke of Wellington shall defeend, and to support the Dignity and the Dukedom; and in Default of such Heirs Male, then to and for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, and to such Uses as are herein after mentioned, limited and directed, expressed and declared; and from the time when such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Portion thereof, may be so advanced, the whole of the said Annuity, or a Part thereof proportionate to the Principal Sum so advanced, shall cease and determine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the time being for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the last Session of Parliament shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to all such Rights, Privileges and Exemptions, and shall be subject to aH the same Provisions and Regulations in the Execution of the Trail re-posed in them by this Act, as they have and are entitled to in relation to the Trusts of the said recited Acts; and that the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted by the said first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not love been laid out in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and also any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Heredita-mt'nts which may have been or may be purchased by or with the Money granted under the same Ad, or any Part thereof, shall be liable and liihj ed to all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictiont in this Act mentioned and contained with respect to the Money to be advanced under this Act, and with respect to any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under this Act, and at if the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds had been granted by this Act, and as if the said Estates had been purchased under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain now' being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treasurer'

and

C. i5i.

54 GEO. III.

4S

and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury of Greett Britain for the time being, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be applied for as aforesaid, and also from time to time for paying the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be payable, as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and patted thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be applied for as aforesaid, to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid, and also of such Annuity as aforesaid, to the said Duke of lVcllington and the Heirs Male or the Body of the said Duke of Wellington, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same, at the respective Quarterly Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effeduau in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve!) or any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the said Treasury for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the said Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VII. And be it further enacted, jThat the Acquittance and Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees respectively, for any Sum so to be advanced to them and of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke of Wellington jointly with the same Trustees or of such other Person or Persons as shall he entitled or authorized to receive any such Annuity, or any such Sum as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for jthe Payment of any such Sum or Sums so to be advanced without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Whalf, and that any such Sum so to be advanced and every Part

thereof.

of Exchequer to make forth Debentures for paying 400, 000l. and Annuity.

Wa-Tant of Treasury valid

Treasury, Vc. tn do necessary

Acquit tanceftof Trustees and Duke of Wei. lington, sufficient Difclurge.

C. 161

>4 6

54 GEO. in A.D. 1814.

Trustees empowered to lay out 400, 0001. in Purchase of Lands, &c.

If Money cannot be immediately lb inverted, Trustees may invert it in Exchequer Bilk.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Public Charges whatsoever 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or any Sum so required to be advanced, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall refuse to do any Act necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the said Duke of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same, then the said Trustees respectively and Duke, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same or any Part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, and for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing for any such Annuity as aforesaid as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum or Annuity, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to whom the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, may be advanced as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to lay out and invefi the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of any Freehold or of or Customary Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, to be free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm and Quit Rents, and other Rents or Services, and to be situate in any Part of Great Britain; and the said Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, when so purchased, be forthwith settled, conveyed and allured, to the said Trustees, their Heirs and Affiros, to the Use of the said Duke of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke of Wellington; and in Default and on Failure of such Heirs Male, then to the said Trustees and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Trustees and their Heirs, upon the several Trusts, and for the Benefit of the several Persons herein after limited and directed, mentioned, expressed and declared.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if on the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to such Trustees as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able immediately to invefi the same in any such Purchase as aforesaid, then and in such case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof so to be advanced or paid to them, or such Part thereof as cannot be so invested as aforesaid, in Exchequer Bills, or in any other Government Securities, and to keep the same so invested in Exchequer Bills, or some other Government Securities, bearing Interest until the same can be invested m any such Purchase as aforesaid; and in the mean timey and from time to time, to pay the latere#

anting

1

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III..*C. 161.

arising therefrom to the said Duke of Wellington) or the Person entitled for the time being to such Annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Thc Duke em-Duke of Wellington, or for any Person upon whom the said Title of*

Duke of Wellington shall descend, either before or after his Marriage the Dutchcfs of with any Woman or Women, by any Deed or Deeds or Writing or 2, 5001. per Ann. Writings, with or without Power of Revocation, to be by him sealed in addition to and delivered in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses foruaerJointures-(but subject and without Prejudice to the Annuity or Annuities, yearly Sum or Sums, if any, which shall be then subsisting, and payable by way of Jointure or Jointures out of the said Manors, Lands,

[Proviso.]

Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of any Grant, Limitation or Appointment, to be made in pursuance of the Power herein contained), to grant, limit and appoint unto such Woman or Women whom he shall so marry, for her or their Life or Lives, and for her or their Jointure or Jointures, in bar of Dower as herein after is expressed, any Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, of like lawful Money, clear of all Taxes, Charges and Deductions whatsoever, by Act of Parliament or otherwise howsoever, to commence and take effect immediately after the Decease of the Person granting, limiting or appointing the same, and to be issuing and payable out of the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds hereby granted 5 provided the said principal Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall not have been advanced as aforesaid, or out of the said Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, provided the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall have been advanced and invested as aforesaid; or if Part of the said principal Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall have been advanced as aforesaid, then the said Annuity by way of Jointure shall be ifilling and payable proportionally out of the Part of the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds then remaining payable, and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Manor, Lands and Hereditaments, purchased with the said Part of such principal Sum so advanced as aforesaid, and to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments 5 and the first of the said quarterly Payments to be made on the Quarter Day which shall first happen after the Decease of the Person who shall have appointed the Annuity or yearly Sum last hereinbefore authorized: Provided always, that such Jointure or Jointures shall and may be in addition to any Jointure or Jointures chargeable under the Provisions of the said first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased by or with the Money granted by the ibid recited Act, or any Part thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Limitation of Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall Jomture* from time to time remain payable, and the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, shall not at one and the same time be together subject to the Payment of more than the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for or in respect of any Jointure or Jointures which shall be made in pursuance of the Powers hereinbefore contained, in addition to the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds chargeable by the said first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Manors, Lands, Tenements r Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased by or with the

Money

nevertMefs, that the Execution of the aforesaid Jointuring Power, by any of the Persons to whom such Power is given by the said recited Act or tine AAf shall not be prevented or invalidated by reason of any prior Charge for Jointures under the said recited Act or this Act, to the fall Amount allowed in and by the said recited Act and this A A; but the Execution'of such Power* by any such Person, shall be good and effectual to create the Jointure thereby charged pursuant to the said recited Act or this Act, notwithfUnd'ng any prior Charge or Charges of Jointure under the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act to the full Amount allowed in and by the said recited Act and this Act i and any subsequent Jointure shall take effedfc when and as any prior Jointure or Jointures shall cease, and so far and to such Extent only as such prior Jointure shall cease* and to no further or greater Extent, and not to any further or greater Extent than the actual Amount of the Jointure charged by the Execution of such Power in manner aforesaid.

Lands 4b pur-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Mac-hated not fob- nors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be jc& to Dower, purchased under this Act as aforesaid, shall not be subject to Dower

of the Wife or Wives of the said Duke of Wellington, or of any of the Persons who may succesEvely be seized thereof under the Limitations aforesaid.

The Duke em-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the powered to lease said Duke of Wellington, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of ^ann the said Duke, who mall for the time being be in Possession of or en-

an Oil OUle, f A tVin P onto on/4 PrnAto tlio CfttA T on/lf TV  mtite

shall respectively be in the Possession or entitled as aforesaid, to grant, demise and lease, all or any of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which ftiau be so purchased under this A A as aforesaid (except such of them as shall consist of a Capital Manhon House, Gardens and Park, intended for the actual Residence and Occupation of those who for the time being shall be entitled in possession to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased), to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty one Years, in Possession, but not in Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or by way of future Interest, so as upon every such Lease there be re* served and made payable, during the Continuance thereof respectively, the bell and moll improved yearly Rent or Rents that can he reasonably had or obtained for the same, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Income, for or in respect of such Lease or Leases, and so as the Lessees to be therein respectively named, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, be not made difpunishable of or for Waite by any express Words therein, and so as that in every such Lease there be contained a Condition or Clause of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby respectively reservea, and so as such respective Lessees duly seal and deliver Counterparts of such Leases respectively.

and may grant

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Building Leases said Duke of Wellington, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the for 90 Years. laid Duke who shall be entitled for the time being to any Manors*

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be purchided to r

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. v C. 849.

this Act, or which iiall hare bden or shall fee pflrcBafet! tto&rltfie* "

said first recited Act of thehift iSeffioft of Parliament, fey Indenture, ^' sealed and delivered in thrJPrefenoe of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, to demise^ lease and grant such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditansenses, or any Part thereof (except such Capita!

Mansion House, Gardens and Park as aforesaid), unto any Person or Persons who fhalLbe willing to build upon the same, in the manner b f the Lease or respective Leases so to be granted to be specified, for". any Term or Number of Years absolute, not exceeding the Term of j Ninety Years, to take effect in Possession, and not in Reversion, or K by way of future Iuterect, with Liberty for the Leflec or Lessees to take down all or any Part or Parts of any Buildings which may be Handing upon the Premises in any such Lease or Leases respectively to be comprised, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to*such IJfes and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises to be comprized in such Lease or Leases as or for a Yard or Yards,

Garden or Gardens to any Building or Buildings which may be built upon the Premises, or as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets,

Road or Ro^ds, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, Sewer or '

Sewers, for the Use and Convenience of the Lessee or Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, in such manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grant, Lease or Demise, together with such Privileges and other Eafertients as shall be deemed reasonable or convenient, so as there be reserved in and by such Leases,

Demises or Grants respectively the be ft and most improved yearly Rent thatean be reasonably had or gotten for the same, to be made payable Quarterly, free from all Deductions whatsoever, regard being had to thf Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in such Demises or Leases, without taking any Fine, Premium or Foregift, or any thing in the nature thereof, for the making of such respective Leases, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively Covenants from the respective Lessees, to pay the Rent thereby reserved, and to build and keep in Repair the Messuages,

Erections and Buildings which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leases granted, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively a Power for the Lessors and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premises, and to inspect the State and Condition thereof, and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provisoes and Conditions, on the Parts of the respective Lessees, as are usually contained in Building Leases, and so as there be also contained in such Leases, Demises or Grafts respectively Conditions of Re-entiy for Nonpayment of the Rents to be thereby reserved on Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provisoes or Conditions on the respective Lessees Part, and so as the respective Le(Tees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for The Duke the said Duke of Wellington, or the Heirs Male of the Body of the answer^ble foe said Duke, who for the time being shall be entitled in Possession to Waste 0, 1 the Rents, Issues and Profits of any Manors, Lands, Tenements and Manors, kc. Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased and settled as aforesaid under this Act, or under the said first recited Act of thie lad 54 Go. III. 3 I Seffiea

C.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Bucks made and Quarries dug.

Leaks, &c.

Restriction as to felling Timber.

Session of Parliament, to commit or permit any kind of malicious or destructive Wade in or upon such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or in or upon any Part thereof 5 and if the said Duke of Wellington, or any such other Person as aforesaid, shall at any time or times commit or permit any such malicious or definitive Wall?, then and in every such case the said Duke, or any other such Person as aforesaid, so committing or permitting any such map licious or destructive Wade, and his or their Executors and Admi-nidrators, shall be responsible in Damages to the Trustees for the time being, and shall accordingly, by virtue of this At, be fueable at Law by the said Trustees, in an At ion upon the Case, for such Damages; and in every such Ation in which Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiff, Cods shall be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants 5 and all such Monies as shall be to recovered for Damages and Cods shall, after Payment of all Expences and Charges which shall be incurred or shall arise in Execution of this Part of the Truds of this At, be applied by the said Trustees for the time being in Improvement of any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, by Repairs, Buildings, Planting, Inclosure, Draining, or otherwise, in the same manner as is herein after directed concerning the Application of the reliduary Surplus Money from Sale of Timber under the Provisioas herein after contained.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That h shall be lawful for the said Duke of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, who shall be entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased under this At, or under the said first recited Act of the last Session of Par-Hament, to dig any Brick Earth for making Bricks, or to fink, dig or work any Quarries of Stone, Mines of Coal, Minerals or other Mines, or to grant Leases for any Term not exceeding Twenty ooe Years, of any Land for the making of Bricks, or sinking, digging or working any such Quarries or Mines in any such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, other than and except on any of the Gardens or Parks near to or surrounding the Mansion of Residence, without being impeachable for any Waite by reason thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said-Duke of Wellington, or any of the Heirt Male of the Body of the said Duke, to cut down or fell, or cause to be cut down or felied, any Timber which shall be growing or Handing in or upon the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased and settled under this Act, or under the said first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, otherwise than in manner herein after authorized $ and if any such Timber shall be felled or cut down in any other manner than it herein after authorized, the Person or Persons so felling or cutting down such Timber, or causing the same to be felled or cut down, shall be responsible to the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act for the rime being, for the Value of the Timber so felled or cut down, and shall accordingly, by virtue of this Act, be fueable by the said Trustees for the tune being in an Action upon the Case for the said Damages, and in every such Action in which Judgment shall be give*, for the Plaintiffs, Treble Colt* shall be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants

and

C 161.

851

and all such Same of Money as shall be so recovered for such Damages and Costs, shall, after Payment of all Charges and Expence# which shall be incurred or arise in the Execution of this Branch of the Trusts of this Act, be applied by the said Trustees for the time being in the same manner as herein after is directed in respect of the residuary Surplus Monies from the Sale of Timber under the Provision8 for that Purpose herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That some time in the Month Survey of Tim of November in every Year, when Occasion shall require, and the ber mj*de same shall be requeued by the said Duke of Wellington, or by any aniIua

of the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke who shall be Duke of Wellington, and as such entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, a Survey and Valuation shall be made by some fit and proper Person or Persons to be appointed by the Trustees for the time being, of all such Timber Handing, growing and being in or upon the said Manors, Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, as it shall be the Wish of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, to have cut down in course of the ensuing Year and as shall be fit and in proper Course, or be otherwise advantageous or proper to be cut down 5 and such Survey and Valuation shall be reduced into Writing, and being so written, shall be signed by the Person or Persons appointed to make the same, and be verified by his or their Oath or Oaths (to be administered to him or them by any Justice of the Peace, any such Justice being hereby authorized to administer the same accordingly), and after such Survey and Valuation shall be made and sworn to as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, as the case may be, such Consent to be testitied by Writing under the Hand of the Duke of Wellington for the time being giving the same, to order and diredi that the said Timber which shall have been fcie&ed and marked for cutting by the Person or Persons making such Survey and Valuation, or so much of such Timber as shall be specified in such Consent of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, shall be forthwith cut down and felied, and fold and disposed of with all convenient Speed, for such Sum or Sums as to the said Trustees shall appear to be the best Price or Prices that can reasonably be had or obtained for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies from time to time to arise and be produced by every Sale of Timber as aforesaid, shall be paid to and received by the said Trustees for the time being; r^and the said Trustees, after Payment of all Expences attending any Terror Prori-such Valuation and Sale, shall from time to time, in the first place, set fion of Children, apart and appropriate so much of the Surplus Monies as, at the time

when such Sale shall be ordered as aforesaid, shall be equal in Amount to One Fourth Part of the then gross yearly Rental of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased and settled as aforesaid, if the Produce of such Timber shall amount to so much, and do and shall, from time to time, by and out of the Monies which shall be so set apart and appropriated, or by and out of the Monies produced by the Sale of such Timber, pay to tbs Pofcn who at the time of such Order as aforesaid shall be in

3 I a, the

Application of Money arifinj by Sale of Timber, in

C.rtfi.

s52'

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

the Possession or entitled to the Rents, lfliies and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, or to the Executors or Adminiurators of such Person, a Sum equal to Ten Pounds her Centum on the Amount of the whole of such gross yearly Rental, for the Purpose of paying and re-imbursing to such Person the Charges and Expences which J may have been incurred by him in necessary and incidental Repairs.upon the said Estates, and do and shall lay out and invell the Residue j of the Monies (which shall be so set apart and appropriated as afore- J said) in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Interest on 1 any Real Securities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the time I being 5 and the said Trustees in whose Names the same shall be so I invested, shall stand and be possessed of and interested in the said Stocks, Funds and Securities, upon the Trusts following; that is to -say, Upon Trust from time to time during the Life of the Person who shall for the time being be so in Possession or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid at the time such Timber shall in manner aforesaid be ordered to be felled and cut down, or until such Stocks, Funds and Securities shall be disposed of, in the Life-time of such Person, according to the Direction and Appointment of such Person, to be made and given in manner herein after mentioned, to receive the Dividends and Interelh, and annual Proceeds of the said Stocks, Funds and Securities, ind to lay out and invest the same Dividends, Interests and annual Proceeds in or upon any such other Stocks, Funds and Securities u aforesaid, in the way of Accumulation, and so from time to time during the whole of the said Life, or until such Disposition as aforesaid u to the Interest, Dividends and annual Proceeds of such other Stocki, Funds and Securities, or of any such Stocks, Funds or Securities, in or upon which any like Accumulations shall afterwards, during such Life, or until such Disposition as aforesaid be invested or placed out; I and from and immediately after the Death of the Person so being or having been in the Possession, or entitled as last aforesaid, or from and after such time as shall be directed and appointed by such Person in manner herein after mentioned, then as to all the said original Stocks, Funds and Securities, and also as to all those arising from such Accumulations as aforesaid, In Trust for all and every or such One or more of the Children of the Person so being or having been in Possession, or entitled as last aforesaid (other than and except the eldest Son or only Son of such Person), at such Age or Ages, Day or Days, and Times, either during the Life-time or after the Deceaseof the Person so being or having been in Possession or entitled as aforesaid, and ia such Parts, Shares and Proportions, and with such Maintenance h the mean time, until the Alignment or Transfix of their resperiire'Shares, and subject to such Provisoes and Limitations over (such Pro- I vifoes and Limitations nevertheless to be for the Benefit of fomeor One of the same Children, except as aforesaid), and in such manner and Form as the Person so for the time being in Possession, or entitled as aforesaid by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by such Person sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by the last Will and Testament of such Person in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto to be signed and published by such Person, in the Presence of Three or

mon j

I

1

Ci6i<

*S 3

A.D. 1814.

J4 GEO. III.

more credible Witnesses, shall direct or appoint; and in Default of and subject to such Direction or Appointment, then in Trust for all and every the Child and Children of the Person so having been in Possession or entitled as last aforesaid, other than and except the eldest or only Son of such Person, in equal Shares and Proportions, more than one; and if there shall be but One such Child, then in Trust for such One Child, and to afligto, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Son or Sons, to him or them at his or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years; and the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Daughter or Daughters, to her or them at her or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years, or Day or respective Days of Marriage which shall first happen after the Decease of the Person so having been in Possession or entitled as last aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Further Direc-such Child or Children being a Son or Sons (other than and except tionsastoAp-as aforesaid) shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or being a ^ca^onVg^cJjl

as aiuicxoiu j mem atumi uie ngc 01 1 wnuy uuc cdxo, or ucing a r 

Daughter shall attain the like Age, or be married in the Life-time GovernmentU

Crf thf* Pt'rfrr> fr\ hptnrr in Piiffpffinn nr -ntitlnil nu last- rzfrvr&fn'iA it n

of the Person so being in Possession, or entitled as last aforesaid, it Securities, shall and may be lawful for such Person to direeft. and appoint in manner aforesaid, that the Share or Shares of any such Son or Daughter of and in such Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities last mentioned, or any Part of such Share or Shares, shall and may be paid to any such Son or Daughter at the time when or at any time after he or she shall attain such Age, or be married as aforesaid, and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, then the Share or Shares of such Son or Sons so attaining the Age of Twenty one Years (other than and except as aforesaid), and of such Daughter or Daughters so attaining the like Age, or being married before such Age, of, in and to the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities last mentioned, or such Part of the said Stock, Funds and Securities, as shall not have been so directed or appointed as aforesaid, (tall respectively be and be considered as a veiled Interest or veiled Interests in the same Child or Children, and shall be transmiftible as such to his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, notwithstanding the Death of such Child or Children afterwards in the Life-time 01 the Person so in the Possession or entitled as last aforesaid.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Shares of fuel* Child being a Son, shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years, 7r, J?J^oney or become an eldest or only Son, or being a Daughter, shall die j, rjn CCT^ W under that Age, without having been married, then and in such case ^fes to Sur-and in Default of and subject to such Direction or Appointment as vivois. aforesaid, the Share of each such Son so dying, or becoming an eldest or only Son, and of each such Daughter so dying without having been married as aforesaid, of and in the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities (other than what shall have been actually applied for the Advancement of such Son or Son9 as herein after mentioned)

shall from time to time go and accrue to the Survivors or Survivor, and others or other of the same Children, and the respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such of them as shall be dead, having first acquired a veiled Interest in their respective original Shares, and be equally divided between or amongst such Survivors and others of them, and the said Representatives of those who shall be dead (if more than one) in equal Shares and Proportions, and

shall

C. 161.

3J4

Until Trust

Funds become transferrable Dividends paid to Guardians for Maintenance of Children.

ft* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Trustees empowered, in detank of other Appointment, to dil pole of Shares of Son* to a certain Amount for their Benefit.

In case of no

Children, Trustees possessed of Trust Funds for Executors, See.

Trustees with Consent of Person in Possession may change Securities.

shall be transferrable and payable at the same Ages, Days and Times respectively as his, her or their original Share or Shares, and such Benefit of Survivorship or Accruer shall extend as well to the surviving or accruing as to the original Shares.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean time after the Death of the Person so having been entitled or in Possession as last aforesaid, or until the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities shall become assignable or transferrable by virtue of the Trusts aforesaid, the Dividends, Interest and Annual Proceeds thereof, or of so much thereof, whereof no such Direction or Appointment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Guardian or Guardians for the time being, of such Child or Children whole Share or respective Shares of the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities shall not then have become assignable or transferrable as aforesaid, to be applied for and towards the Maintenance and Education, and for the Benefit of the same Child or Children (if more than one) according and in proportion to their several apparent or preemptive Rights and Shares in the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being, of the said last mentioned Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities, at any time during the Life of any Person so being entitled or in Possession as aforesaid, according to such Direction and Appointment as aforesaid, and by and with the Consent and Approbation of such Person, or at any time after the Decease of the Person so having been in Possession, or entitled as last aforesaid; and in Default of any such Appointment dr Direction by such Person, then for the said Trustees upon their own Authority to sell and dispose of, or call in and receive any Part of the Share or Shares of such Child or Children, being a Son or Sons, of and in the said Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities, so as the Sum or Sums to be raised or called in do not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the whole for any one such Son, and to apply the same Sum or Sums for placing out such Son or Sons in any Profession or Employment, or for his or their Instruction therein, or for purchasing him or them a Commission in the Army, or otherwise for his or their Advancement or Benefit, notwithstanding that such his or their Share or Shares shall not then have become veiled, due and payable, or notwithstanding that such Son or Sons shall not have attained the Age of Twenty one Years.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person so in Possession or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as last aforesaid, shall die without having any Child or Children who shall live to become entitled to the said last mentioned Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities, then and in such case the Trustees thereof for the time being shall stand possessed of and interested in the same Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities, in Trust for the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying having been in Possession and entitled as last aforesaid, and to aisign, transfer and make over the same accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person so in Possession or entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of tire said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the time being, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the said last mentioned

Trust

Ci 6t.

8JS

Trust Stocks, Funds and Securities, and to lay out and in veil the Monies thereon arising in or upon any other such Government or Real Securities as aforesaid, and in like manner to alter, vary and change such other Government Stocks, Funds and Real Securities for others of the same or the like nature, and so from time to time as often as shall be deemed expedient, subject always nevertheless to the Trusts thereof hereinbefore declared.

XXVI. And as to, for and concerning the Residue of the Surplus of the Monies which shall from time to time arise and be produced by every such Sale of Timber so to be cut down and felled as aforesaid* after setting apart and appropriating so much thereof as is herein directed to be set apart and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid,

be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of this Act for the time Trustees to ap-

being shall apply all such residuary Monies in such Improvement and ply Residue of

Melioration of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments b of Tim-

so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, or of some Part thereof, i, cr' in |mprove-

by Buildings, Reparation, Planting, Inclosiwe, Draining or other- ment of Manors

wife, as the Trustees of this Act for the time being, with the Consent purchased.

of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Person or Persons seised of or

+entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Possession for the time being, or in case of Infancy, his or their Guardian or Guardians for the time being, shall think most proper; or if the said Trustees for the time being or a Majority of them shall disagree with the said Duke of Wellington, or the Person or Persons

so seized or entitled as aforesaid, or his or their Guardian or Guardians

about the manner of such Application, then as the Lord High Treasurer or the First Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being*

shall on a Reference to him by any of the Parties who shall so differ by any Writing or Writings to be sealed and delivered by him, direct and appoint.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Trustees with be lawful for the Trustees for the time being under this Act, at the C-'onic-nt Request and with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons for the time being, entitled m Possession to the Rents and changC Manors, Profits of any Manors, Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments so &c. and pur-purchased or to be purchased as aforesaid (such Consent and Appro- dul'e others, bation to be testified by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and attested by Two nr more credible Witnesses)* to sell or exchange any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purpose of pm chafing any other Manors*

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, and to be free from Incumbrances, and situate in Great Britain as aforesaid; and for that Purpose to convey by way of Sale or by way of Exchange all or any of such Manors*

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, and his and her or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, either together or in Parcels for such Equivalent in Money, or in Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as to them the Trustees for the time being shall seem meet; and it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the time being, and they are hereby required to lay out and invest the Purchase Money which shall arifo from every or any such Sale, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Manors* Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, free from In cum#

3 I 4 trance#,

C 161

8 $6

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

brances, and situate in Great Britain as aforesaid, and in the mean time to lay out and keep invested in Public Stocks or Government Securities in ther Names the Purchase Money to be received as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchase of other such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, and to pay and apply the Intereil, Dividends and Income thereof to the Person who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, if such Purchase had actually been made; and when any such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby made exchangeable as aforesaid shall be so disposed of and conveyed in Exchange for or in lieu of any other Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and when all or any other such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall have been purchased with Money arising from any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so taken in Exchange, or purchased as last aforesaid, shall be well settled, conveyed and allured to the Use of such Persons, and for such Estates and under and subject to such Powers and Provisions as the Caid Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall by virtue of this Act be so disposed of by way of Sale or in Exchange, would under the Limitations in this Act contained have stood limited, if the same had not been fold or exchanged; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Conveyance of all or any of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby made saleable or exchangeable as aforesaid, shall have been made by way of Sale or in Exchange; and the respective Heirs and Assigns of such Person and Persons shall and may have, hold and enjoy the Hereditaments which shall by them respectively be purchased or taken in Exchange, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all the Uses, Estates, Charges, Powers and Provisions hereby limited, expressed and declared of and concerning the same Hereditaments, other than and except such Demises or Leases as shall have been previously made in pursuance of the Powers in that behalf herein contained.

Annuity, or

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so long as the said

Manors, ice. not Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington shall endure, and aliened or in- until there shall be a Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the cum, c. fgdd Arthur Duke of Wellington, to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington might defeend, pursuant to the Limitations of the Patent whereby the said Dignity is granted, neither the said Duke of Wellington, nor any of the Heirs Male of his Body to whom the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or any the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased shall stand limited under this Act, shall alien, convey, dispose, charge or incumber the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, or the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any greater or larger Estate or Time than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or incumbering the same, nor shall have any Power by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercise of any Power, or by any other Act, Assurance or Conveyance in the Law to discontinue the Estate of, or to hinder, bar or disinherit any the Person or Persons in, to or upon whom the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita.

menu

C. 161.

857

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

ments are by this Act to be veiled or limited, or appointed to come or descend, from succeeding to, holding or enjoying, receiving or taking the same Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to the said Limitations, other than and except by means of such Leases and Jointures, and Power of felling and felling Timber and disposing of the Monies thence arising, as may be made or exercised under the Provisions of this Act, and by means of Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Customs of the respective Manors to be purchased whereof the same may be held 5 but all such Fines, Recoveries, Acts, Assurances and Conveyances, other than such Leases and Jointures, and Powers and Grants by Copy as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be void.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Failure and in Settlement of Default of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Annuity end Wellington, to whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Duke Manors*e m of Wellington might descend as aforesaid, if at the time of such Male" Failure there shall be Issue of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, being only One Daughter of the said Duke, or only One Daughter of any Heir Male of the Body of the said Duke, or being only One Descendant of any such Daughter; then and in such cate as to the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall then remain payable; and as to the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall not have been advanced as aforesaid; and as to the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds granted by the said (irft recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid according to the said Act; and atto the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the said several Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, may have been and may remain inverted by the Trustees of this Act for the time being; and also as to all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, under this Act, or which may have been or may be purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, granted by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament 5 the Trustees for the time being under this Act shall convey and assure all and every the said Annuities, Sums of Money, and Estates to the Use of any such only Daughter, or of any such only Descendant of any such Daughter, and to the Heirs and Assigns of any such only Daughter, or only Descendant of any such Daughter, for ever $ and if at the time of such Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington there shall be Two or more Persons,

Issue of the Body of the said Duke, being Daughters of the said Duke, or Daughters of any Heir Male of the Body of the said Duke, or being One or more such Daughter or Daughters, and any Descendant or Defendants of any other Daughter or Daughters, or being all Defendants of any such Daughter or Daughters, then and ia such case as to the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds granted by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid according to the Directions of the said recited Act} and as to the Exchequer

5* C. 161. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Bills or other Securities in which the same, or any Part thereof, may have been and shall remain in veiled by the Trustees for the time being 5 and as to all and every Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall or may have been purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, the Trustees for the time being under this Act shall Hand and be seised and poflelTcd of, and interested in the lame and every Part thereof, upon the Trulls following; that is to lay. In Trull for all such Daughters and Defendants of Daughters, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, in equal Shares and Proportions, and to convey, assign, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of each of such Daughters, at their respective Ages of Twenty one Years or respective Days of Marriage, which shall first happen after the Decease of such Duke of Wellington for the time being, by whose Decease such Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington shall happen; and the Share or Shares of such of the Defendants of Daughters as shall be a Son or Sons, to him or them at his or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years; and the Share or Shares of such Defendants of Daughter* as shall be a Daughter or Daughters, to her or them at her or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years or Day or respective Days of Marriage, which shall first happen after the Decease of such Duke of Wellington for the time being as aforesaid, with Cross Remainders between and among all and every such Daughters and Defendants of Daughters; and as to the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds by this Act granted, or so much thereof as shall not have been advanced as aforesaid, and as to the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as may not have been advanced as aforesaid, and as to the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the same, or any Part thereof, may have been and may remain invested by the Trustees for the time being; and as to all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which may have been purchased with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, the Trustees for the time being under this Act shall Hand and be possessed of, and interested in the same, and every Part thereof, upon the Trulls following; that is to say. In Trull for all and every or any such One or more of such Daughters, and Descendants of Daughters, at such Age or Ages, Day or Days, Time or Times, and in such Parts, Shares and Proportions, and with such Maintenance in the mean time, until the Conveyance, AUignment or Transfer of their respective Shares, and subject to such Provisoes and Limitations over (such Provisoes and Limitations nevertheless to be for the Benefit of some or One of the same Daughters, or Defendants of Daughters), and in such Manner and Form as the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, or the Person being Duke of Wellington for the time being, shall, on Failure of such Heirs Male as aforesaid, direct or appoint, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writing*, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by such Duke of Wellington for the time being leased and delivered, in the Presence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by the last Will and Testament of such Duke of Wellington foo the time being, in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be signed and published in the Presence of Three or more credible Wit* Defies; and in Default of and fabjeft to focbDiflrdioo or Appointment,

C. 161.

859

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

then in Trust for all such Daughters, and Descendants of Daughters, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, in equal Shares and Proportions, with Cross Remainders between and among all and every such Daughters, and Descendants of Daughters, and to convey, assign, transfer and make over the Shares of such Daughters, or Descendants of Daughters, at such Days and Times as are hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect: to the Shares of Daughters, and Descendants of Daughters, of and in the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and of and in the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased therewith.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon Settlement in Failure of Heirs of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, case of Failure the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, Heirs of the or so much thereof as shall then remain payable, and the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall not have u e' been advanced as aforesaid, and the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted by the said first recited Act of the iaft Session of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid; and the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the said several Sums, or any Part thereof, may have been and remain inverted as aforesaid; and all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall or may be purchased with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or which have been or may be purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall go and remain to the LJfe of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs and Assigns for ever; which ultimate Remainder or Reversion in Fee Simple it shall be lawful for the said Duke of Wellington and his Heirs and Assigns, at any time or times during the Continuance of the said Honour, Title and Dignity of Duke of Wellington, and until there shall be a Failure of Issue of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington as aforesaid, to grant, convey, devise and dispose of by Deed or Will, or by any other Assurance or Assurances, by which Freehold Estates in Remainder or Reversion are capable by Law of being conveyed or disposed of 5 any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the last 53^.3. c. 133. Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the trefent 3.

Session of Parliament for granting a Sum of Money for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Corf deration of the eminent and signat Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public, the Trustees for the Purpose of the said first recited Act are empowered to lay out a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds in building a Mansion House and laying out a Park or Pleasure Ground or Garden, and in improving or ornamenting the same, or in repairing or altering any Mansion House which should be then (landing upon Lands purchased for the Purposes of the said first recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient that a larger Sum should be allowed to be expended for the said Purposes in Keu of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds: 9 Be it therefore enacted, That  x copoo hid t shall be lawful for the said Trustees to lay out any Sum not exceding out for Mansion n the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said House, kc. m-Annuity, or out of the said Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be 0 10, 000*advanced as aforesaid under this Act, and to pay and apply such

86o

C.: 61,

A.D. 1814.

Act altered &cr

Annuity of a.oocl. per Ann settled on Loid Beresford, and his Heirs lor ever.

54 GEO. III.

Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds in the whole, in and about the building or repairing and altering any Manfioa House upon Lands to be purchased under this Act, and in and about providing, laying out and embellishing a Park, Garden and Pleasure Ground in such manner as in the said recited Act of thejlaft Session of Parliament, for amending the said first recited Act of the said Session is more particularly specified, and so as the same may be a fit and suitable Residence of the Duke of Wellington; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act maj be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed is this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXH.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beresford\ and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Beresford shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by His most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, hath

been pleased to declare, That having taken into His ConfideT-

ation the didinguidied Services performed by William Carr Lord

Beresford, a Lieutenant General in His Majesty's Army, in the

Course of the War in Portugal and Spain; and being detirous

to confer some signal Mark of His Favour upon the said William Carr Lord Beresford, recommended to Your Majesty's faithfulCommons the Adoption of such Measures as may be necessary for the Accomplishment of this important Purpose; Now, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly conbdering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ose

Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reierving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund) $ and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, To the said Lord Beresford, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Berts-ford, and from and after his Decease, unto the succceding Hein Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Beresford shall defeend, for ever { which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effed from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred

C. 162.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

861

and fourteen 5 the First Payment to be computed from the said Third Commence Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the meDt*

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Tenth Day of October, the Payable Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day Quarterly, of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and maybe Annuity paid at lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now Exchequer, being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exche- w, thout Ftc* quer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Beresford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford, at the respective Quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Wtmmfor Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, accord- Payment not ing to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act,

and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise

of His Majesty (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs &c.

+or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, &c. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for neceBbT the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and A*

Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and ftriUy enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts,

Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Beresford, and the succeed- ljOT* beresford* ing Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford on whom " *ent the said Title shall defeeud, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge 1 c

for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sura, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part Annuity Tax

thereof, free-

862

A.D. 1814.

How Annuity rtcoveied.

How far Annuity miy he aliened or incumbered.

C. 162, 163. 54 GEO. III.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxet, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Berexford shall descend, to receive the same, then the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title shall descend, may from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, againi such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administraton, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, ai shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers reipec* tively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same is by this Act vested in the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Berexford shalldcfcend; and the same, or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Hord Berex ford, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life oif the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the same, so as to prevent the Tame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, to whom the said Title of Lord Berexford shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXIII.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Com-bermere, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Lord Cornbermere shall descend, in Consideration of his emL nent Services.

[29th July 1814]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent* abog

in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by Hi

moll Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath

been pleased to declare, That having taken into Consideratioift the

distinguished Services performed by Lieutenant General Stapktm

Lord Comber mere, in the Course of the War in Portugal and Sp*m;

and being desirous of bellowing on the said Lord Comlermerc a

signal Mark of His Fayour, and for this Purpose to girt and grant

A.D. 1814.

863

54 GEO. III. C. 163.

unto the said Lord'Combermere, and the Two next succeeding Heir*

Male of his Body, to whom the Title of Baron Combermere shall descend, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, recommended toYour faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling

Your Majesty to grant the fameNow, We Your Majesty's moS dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's moll Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Anftuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Moneyas have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund) 5 and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, To the said Lord Combermere, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Combermere, and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Combermere shall descend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment to be computed from the said Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that i3 to say, the Tenth Day of 0Sober, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and puss Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, ibr the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Combermere, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, at the respective Quarterly Feast Da/ in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without

II any

Annuity of a, oo L per Ann. settled on Lord Combermere and the Two next Heirs  Title.

Commence*

meat.

Payable

Quarterly.

Annuity paid at Exchequer, without Fees.

864

Warrant for Payment not determinable upon Demise of His Majesty, fcc.

Treasury, ice. to do neceiUiy

A tii.

Receipt of Lord Combcrmere, ice. l'littuient Discharge.

Annuity Tax free.

How Annuity recovered.

How far Annuity may be

C. 163* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that

behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve!) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains 2nd Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Mmiflers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and ftrieilr enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Combermere9 and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Comber meref on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained ia that behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, anti every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lord Combermere, ajd the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere y on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Combermere shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Lord Combermsre7 and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, on whom the said Title shall defeend, may, fnnn time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any ui them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent car Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the Paymenkof the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as afbee-said, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same

A.D. 1814. j4* GEO. III. C. 1^3, 164. 865

by this Act vested in the said Lord Combermere, and the Two next aliened or in-succeeding Hf: rs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, cumbered. to whom tho f t id Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Comber mere shall defeend; and the same or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Lord Combcrmere, or by either of the Two nexi Sc seeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, on wioin the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the same, so as to prevent the lame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, to whom the said Title of Lord Combermere shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXIV.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Ex mouthy and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Exmouth shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting ' in the Name and on Behalf of Your Majesty, by His most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath been

pleased to declare, That having takeit into Consideration the dif-

tinguished Services performed by Vice Admiral Edward Lord Exmouth in the Course of the late War, and being desirous of

bellowing upon the said Lord Exmouth a signal Mark of His Fayour, and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said Lord

Exmouth, and the Heirs Male of His Body to whom the Title of

Baron Exmouth of Canonteign in the County of Devon shall defeend,

a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, recommended to Your faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the same Now, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's moil Gracious Intention, do most humbly befeeeh Your Majesty that it may be ona&ed 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Annuity of Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, i, ogo1s per Ann. shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving his Heirs*, sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Act of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say. To the said Lord Exmouth, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Exmouth, and from and after his Decease, unto the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on 54 GEO. III. 3 K whom

866

C. 164.

Ar)> 1814.

Comtr.ence-

wiei.u

Piy >ble ^uaircrly.

Annuity paid at Ex: hequer, without Feel.

Warrant for Payment uot determinable ujwn Demise of His Majesty, He.

Trt.afu: y, &<*. to do necessary

A cit.

Receipt of J.ord Exmouih, Jtc. sufficient Diichajge.

54 GEO. III.

whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmouth shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives +; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 the Firffc Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Tenth Day of OSohcr One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Exmouth, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth9 at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer* or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minister of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts. Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Exmouthf od the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmoiuh on whom dm laid

Tide

867

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 164, 165.

Title shall descend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that Annuity Tax the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, free* shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His How Annuity Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, recovered, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lord Exmouth % and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmouth, shall descend, to receive the same, then the said Lord Exmouth and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on whom the said Title shall descend, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs,

Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly How far An-Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same is by nuty may be this Act vested in the said Lord Exmouth, and the succeeding Heirs allend, n" Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, to whom the said Title, cum trc'Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmouth shall descend; and the same or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Lord Exmouth, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Eslate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or incumbering the same, so as to prevent the same from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, to whom the said Title of Lord Exmouth shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXV.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill % and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting

in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by His

most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare, That having taken into Consideration

the difunguished Services performed by Rowland Lord Hill a

3 K 2*Lieutenant

8(58

A.D. 1814.

# Annuity of 1, ^001. per Ann, ferried on Lord }l>!l, and his Heirs for ever.

Comtrence-tnent.

Pay ible qua terly.

Annuity pnid at Enltequer, without Fees.

C. 165. 54 GEO. III.

1 Lieutenant General in His Majesty's Army, in the Course of the 1 War in Portugal and Spain; and being desirous to confer some signal Mark of His Favour upon the said Rowland Lord Hill,

recommended to Your faithful Commons the Adoption of such

Measures as may be necessary for the Accomplishment of this important Purpose: ' Now, We Your Majesty's rr, 11 dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two Thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in manner and Form following 5 that is to say, To the said Lord Hill, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Hilly and from and after his Decease, unto the succceding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill shall defeend, for ever; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Efled from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the first Payment to be computed from the said Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year 5 that is to say, the Tenth Day of Ofioler, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, novr and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding rleirs Male of the Body of the said X.ord Hilly at the respective quarterly Feait Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof* without

4 GEO. III. C. i <5$.

869

any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant for Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, accord- lament not ing to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and det*nof shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve!) or of any of his Heirs or t^c*Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them Or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, fcc. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for to do necelftry the time bring, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and

Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and Aridly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts,

Matters and Things, as arc hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, dildual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Lori Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs

Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title shall fic, cnt L)lU defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of c 1arse' the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity Tax Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be f, ee*

" free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Ad necessary to enable the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to tim^ sue, prosecute and -implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors qr Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heir3, Executors or Admimilratorg, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money thrn due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly How far An-Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same is by nwitymav bo this Act vested in the frid Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Mate.^cr^u>"

How Annuity recovered.

3* 3

A.D. 1814.

87a C. 165, 166. 54 GEO. III.

of the Body of the said Lord Hilly to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill shall descend; and the same or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Lord Hilly or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or incumbering the same, so as to prevent the same from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly to whom the said Title of Lord Hill shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXVI.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lynedochy and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Lynedoch shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by hu most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare, That having taken into Consideration the di fling uished Services performed by Thomas Lord Lynedoch, a 4 Lieutenant General in His Majesty's Army, in the Course of the War sin Portugal and Spain, and being desirous to confer some signal Mark of His Favour upon the said Thomas Lord Lynedochy recommended to Your faithful Commons the Adoption of such Measures as may be necessary for the Accomplishment of this im- 4 portant Purpose: Now, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Annuity of of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two a, ocol. per^Ann. thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, To the said Lord Lynedochy for and during tie natural Life of the said Lord Lynedochy and from and after his Decease unto the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord lynedoch shall descend, for ever; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment

icuiru uii Lynedoch, and his Heirs lor ever.

Comm euce-ment'

C. r66

54 GEO. III.

871

ment to be computed from the said Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to lay, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, P;, yabl the Fifth Day of dpril and the Fifth Day of July, in each and <luarl5r>* every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be H

lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now w^ho^i'ots. being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Lynedochy and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant for Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, ac- Payentnot<, e-cording to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, Demise of His* and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of Majesty, &c. His Majesty (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by

or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, fcc. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Ur*Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts,

Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Lord Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Lynedocbf and the succeed- J-2?*doch*|JJ5* ing Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy on whom

the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part

3 K 4 thereof.

872 C. 166, 167. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Annuity Tax free.

How Annuity recovertd.

Hoir far Annuity m*y be aliened or incumbered.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositior.s and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do auy Act necessary to enable the said Lord Lynedoch, and the succeed-ign Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Lynedochj shall defeend, to receive the same; then the said Lord Lynedoch and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the Lid Lord Lynedocbj on whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or ar.y Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same is by this Act vested in the said Lord Lynedoch, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lyncd$chy to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Lynedoch shall defeend; and the same or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered by the said Lord Lynedoch, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Mak of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, dtf-posing, charging or incumbering the same, so as to prevent the same from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, to whom the said Title of Lord Lynedoch shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXVII.

An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, arisen or to arise from certain Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1814.]

I. .20, 500, 000 o o From the War Duties.

II. u, coo, oooo o o Out of Aide in 1812

and 1813 from Exchequer Bills delivered*in part of Loan of

l22, 000, 000.

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for to 1814.

in.

A.D. 1814.

III. j.8, coo, oooo

54 GEO. III.

Gi67*

873

o o

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

508, 545

67, 805

o o

o o

Part of Money remaining in the Exchequer complete .21, coo, oooo. granted out of Produce of War Taxes in 1813.

From Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores.

Ditto - - j.

The fcJlowing Sums; viz*

Produce of Malt and Pension Act not exceeding

- 5+6.3

Annuities 

Exchequer Bills -

Ditto 

(deducting One third for Ireland.) -

Annuities (aftar remitting

5, 500, 00c/. to Ireland) -

Exchequer Bills 

Ditto -

(granted above, f II.)

(granted above,  III.)

(granted above,  IV.)

(granted above,  I.)

Th following Sums; viz.

Share of Lotteries 1, 716, 6 66 13 4 Treasury Bills

Irish Currency Annuities Ditto

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1814.

For Service of Ireland\ See  XXVII. &c.

1

3, oco, coo 0 0

22, 000, 000 0 0

10, 500, 000 0 0

5, 000.000 Lotteries 0 0

24, 000, 000 0 0

6, 000, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

11,000.000 0 0

8, 000, 000 0 0

508, 545 0 0

20, ^00, 000 0 0

2.

3-

18.

39*

r.74.

c 76.

c 79*

c. 80.

x

V

u

QJ

o

Xi

(J

06

1 no >-

( <-z< 'V

bs c^> o>

O

VIII.

coming into the Irish^Exchequer, j under the 1 J4 G.3.f.74.' f - - r

zc

1 Acts -1c

?v.) r.35. 1

5.500.000 o o 3, 000, 000 o o

67, 805 O O ({

Appropriation; viz.

19, 312, 070 19 11 For Naval Services; that is to say, I>7395

2, 462, 250

2.107.000

343.000

958>500

i>356>75

1, 161,000

189.000 1, 270, 465 2, 086, 274

no

CJ

4->

a

C

a,

2

Cl,

a,

v>

2

-o c>

2

2 V KA X < rS

O O For Wages of 140, 000' -

Men, 1 15 6

0 0 For Victuals, At per 2102

0 0 For Wear and Tear of Man per < .3

Ships, Month, 230

0 0 For Ordnance for Sea

Service, fc 7 0,

0 0 For Wages of 90, 000 '

Men, 1 15 6

0 0 For Viduals, At per 2 10 3

0 0 For Wear and Tear > ManperI

of Ships, Month, 1 230

0 0 For Ordnance for Sea

Service, 0 0

x;

rz 00 c*

* cS

V

U O

o xs to -

a -

sS

VO >< u a> O JO

17 I For Salaries and Expences"

of Admiralty, &c. I rr1 v O o ForBuilding and Repairsof " ^or*ie ^ear814. Ships of War and Extras

ie.61, 917

874

A JD* 1814.

C. 167.

54 GEO. III.

.61, 917 7 3

810, 569 o o

460, 3: 4 ij 7 99, 3249o

1,000, 000 0 0

223, 928 12 0

2, 980, 6233 2

1.643 5 IO

IX. 3, 000, 000 0 0

x. 1,000, 000 0 0

XI. 1, 200, 000 0 0

XII. 100, 000 0 0

XIII. 32, 976, 849 19 o 7, 500, 089 5 3

21, 842 16 3

2, 300, 000 4 o

For the Year 1814.

For Superannuations, &c.

in Admiralty For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Ships of War and Transports For Half Pay, &c. to Officers of Navy and Marines, &c.

For Salaries and Contingencies of Transport Office and Officers for Sick and Wounded Seamen For Prisoners of War at Home and Abroad and Establishment thereof For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Transport Service. - For Superannuations, &c. to Clerks, &c. belonging to Transport Service w To make good such Engagements as may be fab-listing, or be contracted between His Majesty and Foreign Powers.

For paying off Bills of Credit under c. 13. of this Session.

For further enabling His Majesty to fulfil the En-gagemen ts he has entered into with Foreign Powers For Relief to Inhabitants of such Parts of Germany as have suffered in their Persons and Property in consequence of the Operations of the late War, and of the wanton Devastations committed by the Forces acting under the Orders of the hte Ruler of France.

For Land Foroes, and other Services; that is to say, For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the East Indies, Foreign Corps in BritUb Pay and embodied Militia)

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India - For embodied Militia of'

Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal For the Year 1814. Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

*649, 505

From 25th Dec. 1813. 24th Dec. 1814.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 167. 875

649, 505 19 i

38, 738 15 3 373*375 3 0

267, 216 13 11

14, 207 8 10

644>536 5 4

57, 612 11 9

262, 804 13 11 214, 882 o o 1,000, 000 o o 21, 593 12 1

*33*6+9 19 7

For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hospital serving with Foroes, and Charge of Garrisons For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For principal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymasters General For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces and Scotch Brigade late in the Service of the States General

For Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including British American Forces For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and Expences of the Hospitals For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland

For Local Militia Force' maintained in Great Britain -

For Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain and Ireland -

For Allowances to retired' Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad and expences of Office of Chaplain General, & c.

For Medicines and Sur-

f cal Materials for Land oroes, and Hospital Contingencies -

From 25th Dee. 1813. to 24th Dec. 1814.

For the Year 1814.

From 25th Dee. 1813. to 24th Dec. 1814.

*39>73

87<S

C. 167.

39)73 6 6

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

I45>SI4 3 1

15, 317 18 4

XIV.

371, 873 18 o

3.000. 000 o o

50.000 o o 118, 400 o o 309, 826 o o

46*000 o o

30.000 o o

9.000. 000 o o

6, 350, 132 4 10

1.000. 000 o o

1, 746, 017 16 9

From 25th Dec. 1813.to 24th 1814.

For Allowances to Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not intitled to Pension, including Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceased Officers For Commissariat Department in Ireland\ and Forage for Cavalry there

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature For Barrack Department in Ireland For Commissary in Chief's'

Department exclusive of Purchases of Specie For Disembodied Militia of Great Britain For Storekeeper General's Department For Barrack Department in Great Britain For Allowances to Gene- ral Officers not being Colonels of Regiments in the Forces For Disembodied Militia of Ireland -

For extraordinary Ex-  For the Year 1814. pences of Army of Great I Britain and Ireland - J For extraordinary Expences of Army from Dec. 1812. to 24thDec. 1813.

For Office of Ordnance fori Land Service in Great Britain and Ireland - \ For the Year 1814. Ditto in full for I

1in J

J

For the Year 1814.

From 25th June 1814. to l^thBec. followup

Charge for Great Britain J

16

-3c>55

A.D. 1814.

77

.30, 0309139, 387 o 112, 727 11

6, 928 o

21.173 11

462 10

369.408 150, 272 14 11, 386 IJ

54 GEO. III. C. 167.

10

For the Year 1814.

fDittoj {rt Great Britain 1 1812.

 j not provided for in j 1813.

Ditto fori

Great Britain on account of Allowances to superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for (rood Services, to Wounded Officers, to superannuated and disabled Men, and Pensions to Widows, &c. of deceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps Ditto for'

Allowances to superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers for Good Services, to superannuated and disabled Men, and Pensions to Widows, &c. of de-^In the Year 1813. ceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain and not provided for I - For Allowances, &c. in the

Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows'

Pensions For Pensions to Widows of'

Civil Officers late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain not provided for - - J For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland for the Year 1814.

Ditto -

the Year 1813.

Ditto - - in ^1

Ireland for Pay of retired Officers of late Irish Artil- lery, &c. and Pensions to^For the Year 1814-Widows of deceased Offi- j cers of the fame - ]

For the Year 1814-

In the Year 1813.

not provided for in

878

C. i <57. <.3, 117 10

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

XV. 10, 500, 000 0 0

XVI. 5, 000, 000 0 0

XVII. 8, 000, 000 0 0

XVIII. 5, 000, 000 0 0

XIX. 1,000, 000 0 0

XX. 3, 000, 000 0 0

XXI. 3, 000, 000 0 0

XXII. 1, 500, 000 0 0

XXIII. 40, 021 14 0

XXIV. 17, 089 19 5

XXV. Civil Establishmentsj

3.301 IO 0

1, 023 O 0

600 0 0

8, 441 O 0

344 O 0

S775 O 0

2, 144 O 0

3, 826 O 0

4, 002 O 0

14, JO? O 0

i3*298 O 0

25, 000 0 0

XXVI.4.3 >5 l9

3225 18 0

5*45495

10, 000 0 0

X19.500 0 0

For Allowances, &c. in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance^Ireland, in re, Fof^year g lpcct of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows' Pensions

For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bilk under - - 53 G. 3. cc. 16.118.

Ditto - - - a 6.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1813.

Ditto - - - 53 G. 3. c.

Ditto - - c.

Ditto

161. 119.

46 G. 3-c. 41.47 6.3. "2. c. 6. 48 6.3*

f4 6C.; .^53-

From 1 ft c/jw.to 3iftZ)cc. 1814-

Ditto issued on Credit of Aids of 1815-Ditto - - - - 53 G. 3. f.27.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Ditto.

viz.

Bahama Islands -Bermuda or Somer's Islands Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia

Neva Brunswick -

Cape Breton

Prince Edward's Island Newfoundland Sierra Leone New South Wales Yor British Forts on Coast of Africa for 1814.

' 'To certain Persons for Public Services

not being part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil List.

For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores-For Parliamentary Services and Services of a Public Descripooa.

To Bank of Scotland under 1 53 G. 3- c* cxxv. for improving Communication between Edinburgh and Fife

For Clergy and Laity of France

o 2

o o

6 to

O O o

For the Year 1814.

<.8, 000

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 167.

879

.8, 000 0 0

3>5<x> O 0

11, 500 0 0

19, 000 0 0

4, 000 0 0

3^50 0 0

3*059 O 0

26^.695 2

30*55 lS 9

1,000 0 0

1, 880 0 0

1,000 0 0

4*200 0 0

175, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

9>922 0 9

11,000 0 0

16, 000 0 0

19, 000 0 0

6, 169 14 0

3, 000 0 0

21,000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

2, 600 0

For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Dutch

"jmerican LoyalilU - f For the Year i8, 4-To pay Bills drawn iram -abroad on Account of j French and Corsican Emigrants For French Emigrants in Jersey and Guernsey For expence of repairing Saint Margaret's Church Westminster above Sum granted by Parliament For Royal Military College  From 25 th Dec 1813. Ditto Asylum, to 24th Dec. 1814.

For Veterinary College For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houses of Parliament For Fees on passing Public

Accounts -

For Expences incident to Two Houses of Parliament

For Foreign and other Se- cret Services - For Law Charges -

For Public Office Bow Street

For Superin tendance of

Aliens

To Sheriffs for Conviction S For the Year 1814. of Felon6, and Over- \ payments For extra Charge for Con- I tingencies of three Secretaries of State For extra Charge for Messengers of Three Secretaries of State For completing Expence incurred in printing, &c.

Parish Registers For National Vaccine Establishment For Printing for House I Lords, and Printing Acts of Parliament -J For Printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 67. of Journal* of House of Commons for Session of 1812.

For Printing Votes of House of Commons during prefect Session*

*596

88o

C. 167.

.596 11 o

A.D. 1^14*

16, 000 o

6, oco o

o

o

3.500 o o 1, 615 14 o

753 I. 6

1, 166 14 10

80.000 o o

2, 160 3 o

7.500 o o

20.000 0 0

50.000  o

8, 974 o o 266 13 4

170 o o 60 o o 850 o o

54 GEO. Iir.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1813, for Priutinff Vote9 of House of Commons during the Lit Session.

For Printing Bills, See. by Order of House of Commons during present Session.

To defray Expence in-] curred towards reprinting 6 volumes of Journals of House of Commons

For Stationery for Two Houses of Parliament - For Protestant Dissenting

Ministers in England -^For the Year 1814. Ditto Ireland f

For Charitable and other Allowances to Poor of

Saint Martins in the Fields et alia -To defray probable amount of Bills drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales - -J

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811, for Repairs 3D<i Works at King's Bench Prison.

For Compensation to Commissioners appointed to enquire into Office of Works.

For Roads and Bridges in*) the Highlands of Scotland

For Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inver -ness and Fort William - For Improvements in West-m i rift cr

ForSuperannuationAllowances to Joseph Plantay Esq. formerly one of Paymasters of Exche- I p tj, e ytar 1814. quer Bills -

Ditto Edward

Roycty formerly Clerk in Lottery Office - Ditto John

Pingo formerly Assistant Engraver at the Mint - Ditto to three

retired Officers or Clerks formerly employed in Office of Commissioners for Auditing Public Ac-eouots -^8, 4

A.D. 1814.

C. 167.

881

814 12

S.oooo o

3.919 1

3M82 14 34, 444 15 1, 673 !7

4.500 o 5.376 9

93>594 1

1, 978 6

1, 987 18

'f

5, 092 4

10, 000 o 39, 780 o

1, 500 o

1 >900, 000 c 290, 000 o

10, 000 o

*>*31 11 1 >000 o

*>000 O

54 Geo. Hi.

54 GEO. III.

11

j> For the Year 1814.

}i8i y Interest of cer-1 I^' \ tain Annuities.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1812 for extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For extraordinary Expences for Pro fee u-tions, 5cc. relating to the Coin For Repair of King Henry the Seventh's Chapel -

}For paying C 5th April off on 10th Od,

For Poor French Refugee 1

Clergy - -V For the Year 1814.

Ditto Laity J

For Deficiency of Grant of 1813, for Printing Bills, See. by Order of House of Commons during the last Session.

For Convicts at Home - For the Year 1814. For Deficiency of Grant of 1813 for extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For Charge in April 1813 in Purchase of Grain and Potatoes conveyed to Shetland Islands for Relief of Inhabitants.

To discharge in 1814 Arrears due to Tradesmen for Work at Houses of Parliament and Speaker's House from Michaelmas 1800 to 5th Day of January 1812.

For carrying on in 1814 Improvement of Holyhead Harbour.

For One Year's Interest to 10th October 1814, on Sum raised by Debentures in pursuance of 53^3.^.41.53.

For The Refuge for the DcJIitute.

For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Being the ioodth Part^ of 29, 000, 000l. of Exchequer Bills, authorized in last Session to be issued and charged upon Aids granted in f present Session and In respect of Debentures issued under 53 <2.3. ff.41.53.

To be issued and paid by equal Quarterly Payments to the Bank of England, to be placed to Account of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt for Year ending lit Feb. 1815.

For Trustees of British Museum

Ditto to proceed in Purchases for improving Collection of Printed Books respecting the British Islands, and Possessions of British Empire.

To Captain Manly as further Reward for Invention for effecting Communication with Ships.Branded.

3 h'53>99

88*

C. i6y

53>99 18 o{ 4>925 12 n

!, 377 2 8

T9>co o o

2>I 18 4

54 GEO. ELI.

A.D. 1814.

r*t?

o 3 o o

fcfi e:

*S3

J J ^f O

IHSB

15.000 o o 19, 800 o o

1, 472 8 o

S23 3 3i

2, 107 5 8 134 2 1

8, 200 o o

5.000 o o 25, 725 o o

2.000 O O

100.000 o o

118, 857 4 II

100.000 o o

9.000 p o

3.000 o o 10, 074 13 5

For the Year 1814.

To several Persons for Public Services, not being Part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil List.

Ditto heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval i Stores.

JFor Parliamentary Services or Services of a Public Description.

For certain Saint Domingo Sufferers as Competition Allowances in lieu of annual Allowances they at present receive, and also to pay Sums awarded to Claimants by late Saint Doming Board, which on Account of the War could not be paid before.

To defray Bills of Usher") of Court of Exchequer for supplying Court and Officers with Stationery, for repairing said Court, and Fees or Allowances to Officers thereof For Penitentiary House at M'lllbank For Building for Reception of Criminal Lu- natics - > J

For Balances due to Tradesmen for Works 2t Marshalsea Prison in 1810, 1811 and 1812. For Deficiency of <Grant in 1813 for ere^' ing a New Court House for the Marshdju Court.

For Printing 1, 250 Copies of Vol. 48. of the Lords' Journals.

For Deficiency of Grant of 1813 for Printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 65. of the Common^ Journals.

For Purchase of Collection of Antiquities deposited in British Museum.

For rebuilding Church at Saint Peterjforgb for British Ambaffactor, and Subjects resident there* For Improvements at Westminster.

For Trustees of British Museum to print the Cob* Alexandrians.

For Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty for Main* tenance of Poor Clergy.

For Deficiency of Civil List on 5th April 1814. For extraordinary Charges V

Fo^ Royal ^Military Canal'For the Year 1814. For Board of Agriculture To discharge. in 1814 Bills due to Tradesmen for Works done at Houses of Parliament and the Speaker's HOufc, from 6th Jan. 1812 to 5th Jan. 1 % 14.

XXVII

1

A.D. 18r4. '

XXVII. Irish Currency.

.1, 250 o

xxviri. 38, 931 3

24, 303 14

XXIX.

54 GEO. III.

fin Ireland For several Public Trouble in 1814.

6 Board of Works 5 Printing, &c. for Secreta-" ries'Offices, &c. and fu-perannuated Allowances in Chief Secretary's Office

10, 500 o o Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Gazette

25, 000 o o Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences -2, 500 O o Apprehending Public Offenders

1, 047 10 2 Expence of Pratique in

the Port of Dublin 740 o 0# Clothing Battle Axe] Guards

C 167/

m

Officers for extraordinary For the Year 1814.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1815.

9, 481 9

3>95! 0

2, 142 o

45, 000 o 4, 500 o

o Non Conforming Ministers

For One Year ending 25th Dec. 1815.

For 18 Months from lft Dec. 1814.

For One Year ending 5th June 1815.

3, 726 5 O

3, 190 14 452 12

21, 600 O

IO, OCO o

50.000 o 20, 294 o

20.000 O

18, 244 l6

Support of Seceding Mi-1 r?

niftera from Synod of t For One Year end.ng

UlJUr - -J 25th March lS, 5*

Lottery Officers 1 For due

J 3 24th June 1814.

Harbour of//ow/A, Works at For the Year 1814. Treasury Incidents (Z>Vi-| For One Year to 5th f//Z>Currency) -j Jan. 1815.

Printing 1, 290 Copies of compressed Quarto Edition of Statutes of United Kingdom for use of Magistrates, and 250 Copies of Folio Edition of same for use of Lords Bishops, furnished annually Gnce the Union.

Harbour of Ardglass, additional Works at. Commissioners for Drain- ing Bogs - -j

Tru flees of Linen and'

Hempen Manufacture9 Board of Fir It Fruits for building Churches and Glebe Houses and ur-chaling Glebes Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits towards building, &c. Churches, &c.building Glebe House# and procuring Glebes. (Qu* ? Irish Currency)Commissioners for making! r a v

wide and convenient [ For, on, c Ye*r end, nS Streets in Dublin 5th 8iS. Completing North Square of College of Holy and Undivided Trinity near Dublin. forming Packet Harbour near Dunmore in Waterford Hahen*

jL 2 4^x6, 364

To 31st Dec. 1813.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.

C. 167.

54 GEO. III.

AJJ.illty

'.16, 364 O 0

10, 000 0 0

5, coo O 0

4, 000 0 0

i, 8co O 0

882 11 3

300 0 0

50, 000 0 0

75, 000 0 0

28, 725 O 0

49>lI3 O 0

14, 160 0 0

2, 697 0 0

2.143 0 0

7.998 0 0

3.070 0 0

2, 548 0 0

M'8 0 0

5, 000 0 0

S.+73 0 0

116 5 o

2, 500 o

4M39 o 9, 673 o 600 o

Completing exterior of Centre Building and fitting up Wing formerly intended for Library, as Registers Offices and Repositories for Records. Dublin Society for Promoting Husbandry, &c.

Farming Sody

Commissioners for Inquiry into Fees and Abuses.

(British Currency.)

Commissioners for examining Claims of Creditors of late Royal Canal Company. ( British Cur-

rency.)

Expence of Royal Canal\ Tor One Year ending Office of Inquiry, Dublin J 5th July 1815. Additional Allowance to Chairman of Board of Inland Navigation.

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal for Liquidation of Debts of Company.

Directors General of Inland Navigation, for extending, &c. Royal Canal.

Foundling Hospital Dublin House of Industry, Hof-pitals and Asylums for Industrious Children Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children at Dublin  Marine Society in Dublin Female Orphan House in Circular Road Dublin -Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin Lying-in Hospital in Dublin Building Sir Patrick Dun*8 Hospital Dublin Doctor Steven's Hospital at Dublin House of Recovery and Fever Hospital Dublin Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion Green Coat Hospital of City of Cork (Qu.

Irtjb Currency.)

Cork Institution Protestant Charter Schools Roman Catholic Seminary Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Be-quefU

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1815.

A I, JOa

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

C167, 168.

S85

.1, 500 o o Belfast Academical Institutioa XXXI. Sums issued to make good Payments out of" Civil List, &c. paid without Fee -XXXII. Supplies applied for Purposes aforesaid

XXXIII. Rules for Application of Half Pay

XXXIV. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles -

XXXV. ----- ----- Chaplain of Regiments although

in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices -XXXVI. Application of Overplus of Sum under 53 G. 3. c. 136. 14.

As in 53 G. 3.

9  34-

136.

CAP. C LXVIII.

An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation, made in exercise of certain Powers in Deeds, Wills and other Instruments.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS Powers, Authorities and Trusts are in many 4 V. cases required to be executed by Deeds or Instrumentssigned by or under the Hands of the Persons executing the same,

or Persons consenting to or directing Acts respecting such Powers,

Authorities and Trusts are frequently required to signify such Consent or Direction by Deeds or Instruments signed by them, or

under their Hands, and it has been the ordinary Practice, in the

Memorandum of Attestation of Deeds, to express the Fads of Sealing and Delivery only: And Whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Validity of Deeds or Instruments so attested and requiring Signature, although the same may have been actually signed by the Persons whose Signature is required thereto, and the Titles of many Purchasers, and of other Persons claiming under such Instrument may be defective for want of the Insertion of the Word Signed,' or some Word to that ElFed, in the Memorandum of Attestation thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the Titles

of Purchasers and other Persons should not be disturbed, merely on account of the Omission to express the Fact of Signature in the Memorandum of Attestation of any stich Deed or oilier Instrument already made: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Deed or other Instrument, already Deeds &c. ex-made with the Intention to exercise any Power, Authority or Trust, or Cuted without to signify the Consent or Direction of any Person whole Consent or Memorandum Direction may be necessary to be so signified, shall (if duly signed and of Attestation, executed and in other respects duly attested) be from the D.*te thereof, deerncd vai, d* and so as to establish derivative Titles, if any, of the same Validity and

Effect, and no other, at Law and in Equity, and proveable in like manner, an if a Memorandum of Attestation of Signature, or being under Hand, had been subscribed by the Witness or Witnesses thereto; and the Attestation of the Witness or Witnesses thereto, expressing the Fad of Sealing, or of Sealing and Delivery, without expressing the Fad of Signing or any other Form of Attestation, shall not exclude the Proof or the Presumption of Signature.

3 L 3 II. And

836

To what Deeds Act to extend.

Act.not to havt retrofpetljve One ration; nor ftcdl ny existing Suit at Law, fee.

Appointments, &c not adFetted.

No Tnftfument,

unleC> within Provision, of

Ad, tffeaed.

39 O.3.C.

39 <5.3 76.

1. in part repealed.

C. 168, 169. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend and be con* (trued to extend to all Deeds and other Inkruments already made in Exercise of Powers, Authorities and Trails, of Sale, Exchange, Partition, ' Selection, Nomination, Discretion, Leasing, Jointaring, raising Portions, and other Charges, and for appointing new Trukces and other Powers, Authorities and Trirfts whatsoever, or made for evidencing Alsent, Consent, Request, Direction, or any other like circumkance in reference to the Execution of any such Powers, Authorities or Trusts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend nor be conkrued to extend, to revive or give effect to any Appointment, Revocation or other Assurance heretofore made, as far as the same has been avoided by Entry or Claim, or by Suit at Law or in Equity, or by any other legal or equitable means whatsoever; nor shall this Act affect or prejudice any Suit at Law or in Equity, now depending, for avoiding any Deed or other Instrument of Appointment, Revocation or Assurance.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who has made any such Entry or Claim, or who has brought any such Suit, or has defended any Suit, for the Purpose of avoiding any such Appointment, Revocation or other Assurance, should release the Benefit of the same Entry, Claim, Suit or Defence, withm Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, then such Entry or Claim, or Suit or Defence, shall not prejudice or avoid any such Appointment, Revocation or other Assurance, but every such Appointment, Revocation or other Assurance shall be and remain m force under this Act as if no such Entry or Claim had been made, or Suit brought or defended.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllraed to extend, to akedl any Quekion respecting any Inkrament not within the Provision6 of this Act, and which may want any Formality in the Attekation of any Witness or Witnesses thereto, but such Inkrament shall have the same Force and Effect as it might have had if this Act had not been made; any thing in this Act contained notwithstanding.

CAP. CLXIX.

An Act for making certain Regulations respecting the Pokage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain.

[30th July 1814 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and enlarge the Powers 4 W of an Act passed in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majeky, intituled An Act for the more feenrt Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rata*of Postage thereon; and to grant other Rates of Pokage in Heu M of some of the Rates thereinmentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King* Mok Excellent Majeky, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, so much of the said retited Act as grants a Rate of Pokage of Four pence for every Single Letter, and so ia Proportion for Packets in Addition, to any Inland Postage which may

887

may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of Inch Letters and Packets, for Letters and Packets brought by Ships and Vessels other than Packet Boats from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except so far at relates to the Rates imposed by the said Act, which may be then remaining unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies bjr him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for every Letter and Packet which shall be brought by Ships and Vessels, other than Packet Boats, in the manner in the said recited Act mentioned from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the Sum of Six pence for every Single Letter and so in Proportion for Packets, in addition to any Inland or Internal Poltage which may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his Deputies to receive Letters and Packets directed to Places within His Majesty's Dominions and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, from any Person or Persons who may bring the same to any Post Office in Great Britain, and who may be deftrous to forward such Letters themselves, and to affix upon each Letter or Packet such Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation as the Postmaster General in his Discretion shall think proper and order, and thereupon to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Rate of Postage of One third Part of the Rates and Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets if the same were conveyed by Packet Boats, and in cases were no Rate of Postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive and take for such Letters and Packets, Rates as near as can be ascertained equal to One third Part of what is now paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas, and upon Payment thereof to return such Letters and Packets to the Person or Persons bringing the same, and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons to forward such Letters and Packets to the Places to which they may be directed by any Ships or Vessels that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate or Duty of Postage; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, by writing under his Hand, and under Seal of the Office of Postmaster General, to license and authorize any Person or Persons whatsoever to collect Letters and Packets in Great Britain directed to Places within His Majestips Dominions, and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being forwarded according to their Directions by any Ships or Vessels, other than Packet Boats, provided that such Persons so to be licensed shall previous to forwarding the same bring such Letters and Packets to the Post Office of the Town or Place to have a Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation put thereon, which Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation, the Postmaster General and his Deputies are hereby authorized and required to put

3 L 4 thereon.

Ship letters to pay Postage of 6d. for Single Letter, and in Proportion for Packets.

Persons bringing Letters to Post Office and paying certain Rate of Postage empowered to forward lame by any Vessel, not being a Packet Bout.

Postmaster

General may authorize Per-lom to collect Letters md to forw, ml same by Velfds other th.m Packet Boats, if Letters brought to Po t Office and Pottage paid.

38* C.i6t>. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 18t4.

Matters of Vesseli to deliver l, t tters to authorized Persons, who, on receiving 3 s. for every 50 of such Letters, shall put them into a faded Bag and return them.

On delivering such Bag at Post Office, Matter of Vessel shall be repaid th*3s. and receive 2d. for every Letter.

Opening Bags,

thereon, and to demand, receive and take, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the same Rates of Postage as are hereby made payable for Letters and Packets to be forwarded by Persons bringing the same in manner hereinbefore provided; and upon such Payment being made to return such Letters and Packets to the Persons so to be licensed, and that it shall and may be lawful for such authorized Persons to forward such Letters and Packets by any Ships or Vessels that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate of Pollage; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized by the Postmaster General in Places within plis Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas to receive from the Mailers of Vessels coming from thence into any Port in Great Britain, Letters and Packets which may be collected and brought by such Mailers to them for the Purpose of being trans-rnitted by the Authority of the Pollmaller General, and also to receive from such Mailers with such Letters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or lefTer Number; and such Person or Persons so authorized by the Pollmaller General shall make up in a Bag or Parcel all such Letters so received, and inclose therein a Certificate of the Number of Letters contained in the same, and an Impression of the Seal which shall be used to seal such Bag or Pareel, and the Date when the same shall be sealed, and shall seal the Bag or Parcel with the Seal of which an Impression shall have been so inclosed, and deliver the same Bag or Parcel to such Mailers for the Purpose of being brought by them to the Port at which they shall arrive in Great Britain.

VI. And, in order to encourage Mailers of Ships and Vessels, not being Packet Boats, coming from Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Places beyond the Seas, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mailers of Vessels to collect Letters and Packets in Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, so as such Letters shall be collected for the Purpose of being transmitted by the Authority of the Poilmaster General to Great Britain, and provided that such Mailers shall deliver all such Letters to some Person or Persons authorized by the Pollmaller General to receive the same for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Mailers shall, upon delivering the same, pay unto the Person or Persons so authorized the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, or so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number, and shall then receive the same back from such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, in a sealed Bag or Pareel, and shall upon Delivery of such Bag or Parcel so made up and sealed in such manner as is hereinbefore mentioned in a perfect State at any Poll Office in Great Britain, be repaid the Sum of Money which they shall have so advanced as aforesaid, and also Two pence per Letter for every Letter which shall be contained in such Bag or Pareel,

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Mailer of such Ship or Vessel shall open any Bag or Bags of Letters with which he shall have been entrusted, or shall take out of such Bag any Letter or Letters whatsoever, or shall not duly deliver such Bag with

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 169. 889

the Letters at the Place where he shall arrive, to the Person who may be authorized to receive the same without wilful or unavoidable Delay after his Arrival, every such Mailer so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds., Penalty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever Sending Letter* shall fend any Letter or Packet by any Ship or Vessel of which he not having Port shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Poilage otlice having been paid thereou, or if any Mailer shall have on board or

carry any Letter, not being the Letter of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter or Packet so font or found on board, or carried as aforesaid. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Offic-rsofOuf-to and for the Collector, Comptroller or principal Officers of His toms may tearch Majesty's Customs, at any Port or Place whatsoever, and they are Ships for etter>, hereby authorized and required to search every Ship or Vessel in any

Port or Place for Letters or Packets which may be on board contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and to seize and take all such Letters and to forward the same to the Postmaster General or his Deputy at the Port or Place, and that the Officer seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to One Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful anfmnyad-for such Collector, Comptroller or Officer of the Customs, and he nfter02th w is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath to such

Mailer before he departs, that he has not any Letters which have* not paid the Rates of Postage hereby imposed on board his Ship or Vessel, not being the Letters of the Owners of his said Ship or Vessel.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship Declaration in Port; the Mailer shall sign a Declaration in Writing, in the Pre-^j fence of the Person authorized by the Postmaster General at the before tMrel Port or Place, who shall also sign the same, that to the befl of his breaks Bulk. Kno wiedge and Belief he has delivered according to the Provisions of this Act, all the Letters or Bags or Parcels of Letters on board his Vessel, and that until such Declaration shall be signed the Officers or the Cuiloms shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, and in case such Mailer shall wilfully neglect to make such Declaration he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer. Penalty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comp- Office neglect-troller or principal Officer hereby required to prohibit any Ship or, nS Duty. Vessel breaking Bulk until the Requisites of this Act shall be complied with, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer so permitting such Ship or Vessel to

break Bulk, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One "ena Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several ^en^ies ll0'f pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Use of ai>,

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same, to be recovered with full Colls of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall*,

be admitted.

XIV. An<L0

kjOUvlL

*9

Forging &c. Poll Office Mark.

Misdemeanor.

Act not to extend to East Company.

President of Board of Commissioners for p laits of India free.

46G. V c. 61.

Members to re ceive Petitions to Parliament

free.

Enactments, &c in rt-fyeft ot gaming Settle ments contained >' I.neal Act s, repealed.

0.169, 7* 54ftGO.IILA.D. 1814.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation upon any Letter hereby authorized to be so stamped, marked or designated, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Rate of Postage hereby imposed, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, and such Offence, if committed within Great Britain, shall and may be enquired of, tried and adjudged, either within the City of London, or where the Offence shall be committed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to restrain nor to prevent the East India Company, nor their Court of Directors, from sending and receiving, and caul* ing to be sent and received to and from any of their Governments and Servants Abroad, all Packets, Letters and Papers whatsoever relating to the Affairs, Business and Concerns of the said Company, and of their several Governments Abroad, in the manner heretofore accustomed by the said Company and their Court of Directors, without Payment of any Postage or Duty, nor to subject any Person to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof.-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from the Duty of Postage within the United Kingdom, in the same manner and under such Restrictions as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain is, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Rugn of His present Majesty, authorized to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Member of either House of Parliament, to receive by the Poll any Petition addressed to either House of Parliament free from the Duty of Postage, so as the same be sent in a Cover open at the Sids* and that the same shall not exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

CAP. CLXX.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts, for the

Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor; and to make

Other Provisions in relation thereto.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS diters Local Acts of Parliament have lately

passed, containing Enadments relative to the Maintenance

and Regulation of the Poor, varying the general Law with respect c to particular Districts, Parishes, Townships or Hamlets; and it c is expedient, that some of such Euadments should be repealed, and

that other Provisions contained in such Acts, should be made

general Be it therefore enacted by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Enadments and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, since the Commencement of the Reign of His late Majesty George the First, whereby any Alteration is made, in respect of gaining or not gaining a Settle* ment within any particular District, Parifi, Township or Hamlet,

fail

*9*

JkJJ. 1^14- .54 GEO- III.

C. iyo.

shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that all and every Person shall be deemed and taken to have acquired and to acquire a Settlement in every such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, by any Ways or Means he, she or they would or might have done, or would or might do, in case such Act or Acts, or any of them, had not been made and passed, and notwithstanding the same or any of them are or was in force and operation.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be deemed or taken effont born in

to acquire any Settlement in any District, Parish, Township or Setslc"0

Hamlet, by reason of such Person being born of the Body of any menu Mother actually confined as a Prisoner within the Walls of any Prison

or any House licensed for the Reception of Pregnant Women, in t

pursuance of an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of His I3G*3* c- 82. present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the Charitable Reception of Pregnant Women, in which any such Prison or House shall be situated.

III. Provided always, That whensoever any Person shall be born SettJem*n*s^of the Body of any Poor Person, in any House of Industry, or Poor' House for the Reception and Care of the Poor of any District, House, &c. Parish, Township or Hamlet, which shall be locally situated in any

District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, contributing to the Expences of maintaining the Poor in such House, or in any other District,

Parish, Township or Hamlet, not contributing to such Expence,

such Person shall, so far as regards the Settlement of such Person,

be deemed and taken to be born in the District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, by whom the Mother of such Person was sent to, and

on whose Account the Mother of such Person was received and 1 '

maintained in such House.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Prisoners for

shall be deemed or taken to gain any Settlement by reason of any nor tt9

Residence-within any District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, while <fmer'l.

he, she or they shall be detained or confined as a Prisoner within any Custody.

such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, on any Civil Process or for any Contempt what foe ver.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Gate- No Gnte-keeper keeper or Tollkeeper of any Turnpike Road or Navigation, or Persone* ga, n renting the Tolls and residing in any Toll House of any Turnpike ' ett ement* Road or Navigation, shall thereby gain any Settlement in any District;

Parish, Township or Hamlet.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person No Person mair-or Persons shall gain any Settlement in any District, Parish, Township?, ncd*ny or Hamlet, by reason of any Residence in any House or other, a*|ta ! n- Dwelling Place provided for the Residence of such Person or Persons settlement 1 by any Charitable Inflection, while such Person or Persons shall be supported and maintained at the Expence of such Charitable In-iiitution, as an Object or Objects of such Charity*

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Mailers, &c. of of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Mailer, Governor or other "

Person entrusted with the Superintendance of any House for the co, fine beyond Reception of Poor Persons, or the Churchwarden, Overseer or other limited time. Persons elcdled, constituted or appointed, by or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Controul or Management of the Poor of any District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, to punish

with

A.D. 1 % i4>

?yj

Overseers may sue on Securities to indemnify against Baitards.

Inhabitants not incompetent Witnefreb in certain cases on behalf of or agaiuil Parishes*

Paupers ordered to be removed, may he conveyed by other Persons than Churchwardens or Overseers.

C. 170. 54 GEO. III.

with any Corporal Punishment whatsoever, any adult Person or Persons under his, her or their Care or Charge, for any Offence or Misbehaviour whatsoever; or to confine any such Person or Ptrrfow whatsoever, for any Offence or Misbehaviour, for any longer or greater Space of time than Twenty four Hours, or such further Spacr of time as may be necessary, in order to have such Person or Periotn before a Justice of the Peace 5 any thing in any Act or Acts a Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities given or received, or hereafter to be given, for indemnifying any District Parish, Township or Hamlet, for the Maintenance of any Basur: Child or Children respectively, or any Expences in any way occasioned by such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, by rrcibs of the Birth or Support of any Bastard Child or Children bar within such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, or chargeabk thereto, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in tk Overseers of the Poor of such District, Parish, Township or Ham'tf for the time being; and that it shall and may be lawful for tk Overseers of the Poor of such Difirid, Parish, Township or Hamlrt to sue for the same as and by their Description of Overseers of such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet 5 and such Action, so commenced by such Overseers shall in no ways abate by reason of anr Change or Overseers of such Districts, Parish, Township or Haralrt, pending the same, but shall be proceeded in by such Overseers for the time being as if no such Change had taken Place; air Law, Usage, Statute or Custom to the contrary in any wise oot-with Handing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant or Perfca rated or liable to be rated to any Rates or Cedes of any Distnd, Parish, Township or Hamlet, or wholly or in Part maintained or supported thereby, or executing or holding any Office thereof or therein, shall, before any Court or Person or Persons whatsoyer, be deemed and taken to be by reason thereof an incompetent Witness far or against such Distridh, Parish, Township or Hamlet, in any Matter relating to such Rates or Ceffes; or to the Boundary between such District, Parish, Township or Hamfel, and any adjoining District, Parish, Township or Hamlet 5 or to any Order of Removal to or from such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet; or the Settlement of any Pauper in such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet; or touching any Baitards chargeable or likely to become chargeable to such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet; or the Recovery of any Sum or Sums for the Charges or Maintenance of such Bastards; or the Election or Appointment of any Officer or Officers, or the Allowance of the Accounts of any Officer or Officers of any such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet; any Law, Usage, Statute or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Churchwardens, Overseers or others having the Controul, Ordering or Management of the Poor of any Distnd, Parish, Township or Hamlet, to employ any proper Person or Persons whomsoever, to carry, remove and deliver any Pauper or Paupers ordered to be removed by any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, competent to make such Order; and that a Delivery by such Person or Persons of any Pauper or Paupers so ordered to be removed, shall be as good,

valid

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 170.

893

valid and effectual, to all Purposes whatsoever, as if the same was or were delivered by any Churchwarden or Overseer whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Justices out of for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Division or Jurisdiction, in which any parj,  Q^cers District, Parish, Township or Hamlet shall be situated, in Petty imy eii'charge*Se(Finns assembled, on Application made to them by any Person rated Supers irom to any Rates or CelTes within any such District, Township, Parish or Payment of Hamlet, to be discharged therefrom, and Proof of his or her Inability Parift' Ratei* through Poverty to pay such Rate or Cess, with the Consent of the Churchwardens and Overi'eers of such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, or of such other Person or Persons as is or arc competent to act under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Ordering, Management, Controul or Direction of the Poor of any such District, Parish, Township, or Hamlet, to order and direct that such Person shall be excused from the Payment of such Rate or Cess, and to (trike out his or her Name therefrom; and the Sum at which such Person was so rated in such Rate or Cess shall not thereafter be colic died, or any Person or Persons charged therewith, or in any manner called or liable to account for the same, or for omitting to coilcdt or receive the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels Distress for q any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay any Sum or Poors' R*te, &c Sums of Money legally afiefted on and due from him, her or them, in* not founi1 respect of any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, Church, Cess or High way Ceis, of any District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, for the Space of Seven Days after the same shall have been legally demanded of him, her or them, shall and may be diilrained, not only within such District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, but also within any other District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, within the same County,

Riding, Division or Jurisdiction; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, Riding, Division or Jurisdiction, then, upon Oath thereof made before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, Riding, Division or Jurisdiction, in which any of the Goods or Chattels of such Persons shall be found 5 which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby required to administer and certify, by indorsing in his or their respective Handwriting, his, or their Name or Names, on the Warrant granted to make such Distress, the Goods and Chattels of the said Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to such Distress and Sale, in such other County, Riding, Division or Jurisdiction, where the same shall be found 5 and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be distrained and fold in the same manner as if the same had been found within the District, Parish,

Township or Hamlet, in or for which such Rate or Cess had been made or was due.

within Distrits, See. irade out of Distxitt.

*7 O- 3. c. 34.

 15-

51 G. 3. c. 96.

Treasury empowered to restore Seisures to Proprietors, and to mitigate, &c. Penalties incurred under Laws of Cuf-tooeand lixcise,

CAP. CLXXI.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures; or remit or mitigate Fiues, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Customs or Excise, or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vffels at are particularly dferibed in an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said A8 to other9yc'JJe^s and Boats not particularly described therein; for taking oj

the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying9'an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the9Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs: 9 And Whereas by the said Act, the Commissioners of the Customt,

in England and Scotland respectively, are authorized to direct,

9 under the Circumstances and on the Terms and Conditions therein

mentioned, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships,

Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, which {Kail have been9seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs, to be restored to the9Proprietor or Proprietors: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Powers vested in the Commissioners of Customs, 9of rtfloring Vessels and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue oj9any Acts relating to the Department of Customs: And Whereas it is

expedient, that the Provisions of the said Acts should be furtherex-9 tended, and that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should be empowered to re (lore, remit or mitigate, any Forfeiture, Fine

or Penalty, incurred under any Laws relating to the Revenue of

Customs or Excise, or Navigation and Trade, either before or after the same shall have been adjudged in any Court of Law, or by or before any Commissioner of Excise, or Justice or Justices of thr9Peace Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excelkat Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembfei, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's ' Treasury, or agy Three or mcie of them, by any Order made for that Purpose under thdr Hands to dite&aoy Ships, Goods or Commodities whatever, seized as forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of any Acts or Acts relating to the Rf-venue of Customs or Excise, or any Act for the Regulation of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, to be restored to the-Proprietor or Proprietors on the Terms and Conditions which shall he mentioned in any such Order, and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners 01 His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to mitigate or remit any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred, or any Part of any Inch Fine or Penalty under any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Reveoot1 L > rf

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 171, 172^ 8y5

of Customs or Excise, o? any Act relating to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That in any case wherein the said on such 9on<l1* Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall exercise the Powers rtalury

hereby vested in them, such Goods or Commodities shall be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, or any Parts thereof remitted or mitigated, in such manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to Costs or other wise, as, under the circumstances of the case, shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable, and.as they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit to direct; and no Person or Persons shall be entitled to the Benefit of any such Order, unless the Terms and Conditions therein contained shall be complied with.

CAP. CLXXII.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers' Wash, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS the Extraction, Distillation and Manufacture of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland are conducted and carried on in that Part of the United Kingdom under and subject to different Duties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions

from those under which the Extraction, Distillation and Manufacture of Spirits for Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called England are carried on in the said last mentioned Part of the United Kingdom; and it is expedient to discontinue such Duties in Scotland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and that the Extraction, Distillation and Manufacture of Spirits should be conducted

and carried on throughout both the said Parts of the United Kingdom, (as nearly as may be) under and subject to the same

Rules, Regulations, Rest rift ions and Provisions: Be it therefore-

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and singular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wash brewed or made in Scotland for extracting Spirits; and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Scotland; and also the Duties on Licences on the Content or Capacity of v

Stills used or employed in Scotland for making or distilling Low

Wines or Spirits, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save Exception, and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties r Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

[See 46 G. 3. c. 102. Sch. rf. and 2?.]

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thfc said First InfteadpfDmW Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in lieu and' '

in (lead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be rajfed, levied, so*rvrin8 P*1 collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, ^'

Ppr eve^y Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or maderiu any part r Place ih Scotland from any Malt/ Corn* Grain or Tilts, or any ScotltD

Mixture

Former Datiei repealed.

9<S

C. 17a. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Mixture with the same for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, One Shilling

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made in any Prut or Place in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture there* with, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from any other Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled from Corn in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, Two Shillings and Ten pence 2

- For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or diHilled from Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, Two Shillings and Ten Pence

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, Seven.Shillings and Six pence: And,

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or distilled from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wash, or Wash prepared from any other Foreign Materials, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Comfumption in Scotland, Nine Shillings:

The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Di (lifters of such Wort, Wash or Spirits respectively.

Ireland. For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be

made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from ante thence, under or by virtue of an Act made in this Session of Parlis-C ment, intituled An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session vf

Parliament, the Trade in Spirit/ between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Countervailing Excise Duty of Eleven pence Three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength:

The said Duties to be paid by the Importer or Importer* of such Spirits before the Landing thereof*

Licence in For every Licence to be taken out by every Distiller or Maker of

Scotland. Low Wines or Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale or for

Exportation, Ten Pounds:

For every Licence to be taken out by every Rectifier of Spirifi in any Part or Place in Scotland, Fire Pounds:

11 The

A.D. 1814.

897

54 GEO. III. C. 172.

The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the rfcspective DistillerS and Redifiers taking out such Licences respectively: Provided always nevertheless, that One Fourth Part of the said several Duties by this Act imposed shall expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland and England respectively, as the case may be.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall (except as herein other wise specially directed or provided) be raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured and paid by stich Persons, at such times and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Rellrididns, Provisions save and except such thereof as are repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, and also save and except the Powers of adjudging Penalties and Forfeitures by the Commissioners of Excise in England), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities, Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted), as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, and on Licences for Distillers or Makers of Low Wines, or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation, contained, provided, prescribed, directed* settled or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that Part of Great Britain called England immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits as last aforesaid for Home Consumption, or on such Licences, or for the Security or due Collodion of the said Duties on such Wort or Wash, or such Licences respectively, or for preventing, deteding or punishing Frauds relating thereto respectively, or in any wise relating to the Regulation of Distillers for the Extradion of Low Wines or Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, or the Spirits extracted, made or manufactured at such Distilleries for Home Consumption; and all and singular the said Sowers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as before excepted), shall, so far as the same can or may be applied thereto, be used, practised, applied and put in Execution for ascertaining, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, securing and paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as before excepted), had been and were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to Scotland, any of the Rules, Regulations or Provisions, by Law established for the Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva at Maldstone in the County of Kent, or for the taking account of the Stocks of Distillers, Redifiers or Compounders of Spirits, in that

54 GEO. III. 3 M Part

Proviso for expirationf Duties.

Duties under commissioners of Excise.

How Duties levied.

[Proviso.]

8y8

Pro\ !ib for '28 G. 3. c. 46. 45 ^-3- c. 100. fcc.

!>in, I!or, not luhjcrt ro Penalty of.

51 O.3. c. 59. 3. for ufinj St ills of lei's Capacity than 3, 000 Gallons.

Persons in Hifhlanii Dif-trid using Stills of less than 500 Galions, and in otljer Parts of Scotland lets than -?, oooo Gallons.

[Penalty.]

C. 172. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Part of Great Britain called England, or for allowing such Reftifiers or Compounders any Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrop or Fruit.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or in any manner to alter so much of an Act made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for better regulating the Exportation of British-mafa. Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, at was and remained in force immediately before the passing of this Act; or so much of another Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the said Reign, among other things, for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England, as was and remained in force immediately before the passing of this Act, or to repeal or alter any other Law or Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to Distill lers making or distilling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, or relating to such Spirits so made or dillilled; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Distiller or Distillers in Scotland to the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, imposed by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled an Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on ft'cfh and other Liquors, used in the Distillation of Spirits, and on Foreign Spirits imported, for or by reason of his, her or their making uie of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons for the Extraction or Distillation of Low Wine6 or Spirit* from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons in the Highland District of Scotland, particularly specified and described in the Acts in that case made and provided, shall make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Five hundred Galions, for the Extraction or Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from MelalTet or Sugar; nor shall any Person or Persons in any other Part or Place in Scotland, make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Two thousand Galions, for the Extraction or Distillation of such Low Wines or Spirits as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons a the Highland District aforesaid, shall make use of any Still of left Capacity or Content than Five hundred Galions, for the Extra&ioa or Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, or if any Person or Persons in any other Part or Place in Scotland, ih*l make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Two thousand Galions, for the Extraction or Distillation of fudh Low Wines or Spirits as aforesaid; all and every the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

54 GEO. III. C. 172.

899

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all ard every Distiller and Diallers for Distillers who shall make or distil Spirits in Scotland, for Consumption everyrI (Pa1' in Scotland, shall for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared fr^Corne. or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or any foun(j jn*Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting tody between Spirits for such Home Consumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or Nov. 10. and their Custody or Possession, between the Tenth Day of November in ^ov* f y. 0; 'e Yeas a"d the Tenth Day of Novemberfollowing, or when^of One to such Distiller mall previously ceale working, produce to the Sight 01 IO.prepared the Officer or Officers of Excise at lead Eighteen Gallons of Spirits from Mobiles of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; for every 0rbugar21G.1l-Hundred Gallons of Wash prepared or made from Melasses or Sugar, lon* ^cJnl>rc' or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Con- x^rVigi^Mate-fumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or their Custody or Possession xl2\Sj lC) Galions, between the Days or Times aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least Twenty one Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared or made from Foreign Refuted Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Consumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or their Custody or Possession, between the Days or Times aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least Nineteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that in every case where the Produce Where Produce of Spirits extracted by any such Distiller or Distillers between the shall fall short of Days or Times aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proportions aforesaid,

every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and he, (he and they is and are tlW

hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay the following Duties of 1 Excise, for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the Quantities aforesaid 5 that is to say,

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wafti prepared or made Du, e ' from Cora, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Consumption as aforesaid. Five Shillings and Eight pence:

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wafti prepared or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Consumption as aforesaid, Fifteen Shillings

And,

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Consumption as aforesaid, Eighteen Shillings

Which respective Duties for such Deficiencies respectively, shall by Dir-be paid by such Distiller and Distillers respectively, on the Day last t, lleis* aforesaid; and if Default shall be made in any such Payment, the Distiller and Distillers respectively making such Default, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect Pnahy. of such Deficiency.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in Officer to taka Scotland, having under his Survey the Stock or Stocks of any en- ^cc?unJ JLf.f tered Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or ^]eCr Jtery 30'Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in British Spirits for Home Days, or often?r Consumption, shall, once in every Thirty Days at the least, or oftener if necessary, an*

3 M 2 if

poo

C. 172.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Credit found, forfeited.

if Excess beyond if necessary, take an accurate and true Account of the Quantity and' Strength of all British Spirits in the Stock, Cudody or Possession of

all and every such Distiller or Didiliers, Re&iber or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, and shall com* putc the same at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 and if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted fmee the lad Reckoning of the Stock of such Distiller or Didiliers, Redfifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, computing the same at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirit* remaining in the Stock, Cudody or Podcdion of such Distiller or Didiliers, Re&ifier or Re&i'iers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, shall exceed the Quantity for which he, die or they shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arilen from what was on Hand at the lad preceding Reckoning, or from what may have been lawfully made or received subsequent thereto, such Excess shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits received without Permit, and a Quantity of Spirits, equal to such Excess, shall and may be seized, out of any Part of the Stock of such Distiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and the Distiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock, Cudody or Podession, such Excess shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in British Spirits in Scotland for Home Consumption, shall send out or remove from his, her or their Stock, Cudody or Pctfci*-fion, nor shall any such Distiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, receive into his, her or their Stock, Cudody or Podession any British Spirits, unless the Permit or Permits accompanying the same, shall truly express the Strength of all such Spirits at the time of the Removal thereof; and all such Spirits so removed, sent out or received, unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit or Permits, expressing the Strength thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and each and every such Distiller or Didiliers, Rc&iner or Rentiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers so feuding out or receiving the same, shall, for each and ever)' such Odeuce, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of the said Act (a) of this Session of Parliament, into Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Eleven pence Three Farthings, upon every Gallon of such Spirits; and which Drawback shall be and is hereby required to be satisliedon such Exportation, fubie& to all the Rules and Regulation in force in Scotland respecting Drawbacks so far as the same can or may be applied thereto. (a) [c. 149. ante.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Dirediacs, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, is

8 iti

[Penalty.]

Spirits lent out or received into Stock without I. 'nnit, forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Dr iu bark on Exportation of 1*i 111 Spirits into Scotland, and from tb nee into England.

Power*, See. of H Car. a. c. 2.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 172.

901

and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King &c. extended to Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Ad.

Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force in Great Britain or in Ireland respectively, relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them

other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and provided by this Act), shall be practised, used, applied and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the said Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act: Provided always, nevertheless, that in His Majesty case His Majesty, at any time before the First Day of September One may, before thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall in His Royal Discretion Sept. suspend judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of Scotland, entirely to suspend this Act, or to modify the Operations thereof for any a lon 0 time not exceeding the Space of Three Months after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty; s Order or Orders in Council, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, entirely to suspend this Act, or to modify the Operations thereof in such manner as to His said Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or Proclamations, or Order or Orders in Council, shall be specified, Rated and expressed; and in case of any such entire Suspension of this Act, then and in Regulations in such case all and singular the Duties hereby repealed, and all and case A<H nf-singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, relating pended, to the Payment or Recovery thereof, and all and singular the Fines,

[Proviso.]

Penalties and Forfeitures, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, for preventing, detesting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, shall revive and be in full Force and Effect, as if this Act bad not been made; and in case of any such Modification, then and in such case such of the Duties by this Act repealed, and such of the Duties hereby imposed, as in such Proclamation or Proclamations, or Order or Orders in Council, shall be specified, flated and expressed, and such of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, relating to the Payment or Recovery thereof respectively, and such of the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, or by this Act created, inllifted or imposed, for preventing, detesting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as shall be coniiftent with such Modification, shall be in full Force and Effect; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing herein-

before contained shall extend or be deemed or cohltrued to extend, to authorize or empower His said Majesty so to modify the said Dutiesf that the Part or Parts thereof to be retained shall exceed the Rates,

Proportions or Amounts of the Duties hereby repealed, as nearly as fcch Rates, Proportions or Amounts, can or may be calculated,

3 M 3 i

9C2

Rccorerv nnd Application of Penalties, 5; c.

Application of Duties.

Power*, &c. of 42 G. 3. c. 1x6. Sec. as to Coro-rnissioners appointed by Letters Patent, to ce.il'e.

C. 172, 173. 54" GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

estimated, judged of or ascertained 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act extended to Scotland^ shall be sued for, mitigated, recovered or levied, by such ways, means and methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, mitigated, recovered or levied by any Law or Laws of Excise in Scotland, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be distributed in such and the same manneT as such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture would be distributable under the Laws in force at the time of the passing of this Act, had such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture been incurred, adjudged and recovered in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and be appropriated and applied in the same manner and in the like Proportions as the Duties hereby repealed were by the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act directed to be appropriated and applied, and all the Monies arising after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by such of the said Duties as shall remain and continue in force after that Day (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

CAP. CLXXIII.

An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provisions of several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax; and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that some of the Powers and c Provisions contained in the several Acts passed for the Re-

demption and Sale of the Land Tax should be altered and amended, c and that some further Powers should be given relating to the

Redemption thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the several Powers and Authorities which by the Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Act, or by any subsequent Act of Parliament relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, have been or are vested in the Commissioners appointed by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant to any Act heretofore passed relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, flitH cease and determine.

i

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 173. 903

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Appointment rf Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time by Letters Commillumers. Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, being a Peer or Peers of the Realm, or a Member or Members of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of regulating, direiling, approving and confirming all Sales and Contrails for Sale, Enfranchisements, Mortgages and Grants of Rent Charges, which shall be made by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, by virtue of the said recited Ail of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any subsequent Acts relating to' the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax or of this Act; and also for the Purpose of regulating, direiling, approving and confirming all Sales and Enfranchisements which by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, shall be made of any Manors, Messuagee,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, wherein His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, have or shall have any Estate, Right or Interest, in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or Expeilaney, by any Person or Persons holding under any Grant from The Crown, or under any Ail of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner to Commissioner s be appointed by virtue of this Act, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effeil following;

that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly,

1 according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the Fifty

fourth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this according to the Tenor

1 and Purport of the said Ail. So help me GOD.

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons to be appointed a Commissioner, to any others or other of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be Power of Coro-appointed pursuant to this Act shall have and be invested with the missioners. like Powers and Authorities in all respeils, as by the said recited

Ail of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any subsequent Ail relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, were immediately before the passing of this Act veiled in any Person or Persons ailing or authorized to ail as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts, by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal; and any Two Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, may do any Ail, Matter or Thing, which by this Act all such Commissioners so to be appointed are empowered to do.

V. And be it further enacted, That in every Contrail entered into Contracts for lifter the passing of this Act, and before the Twenty fourth Day of small Portion* Jane One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, according to the

3 M 4 Assessment mt'y ay*

A.D. 1814.

94 C. 173, 54 GEO. III.

Assessment of Land Tax made or to be made for the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Redemption of Land Tax charged 011 any Messuages, Tenements or other Buildings without any Dands or Grounds held therewith, or on any Messuages, Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands, confiding wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or inclosed Gardens, held, occupied and charged together with such Messuages, Tenements or Buildings, where the said Land whereon the said Messuages or Buildings shall stand, and of which the said Yards, Courts, Curtilages and inclosed Gardens shall conlift, shall not exceed in the whole One Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it shall be lawful to contrail and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax for a Consideration in Money equal in Amount to Eighteen Times the Amount of the Land Tax so contracted to be redeemed, to be paid in one entire Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contract; and every such Contract shall be made in the Form> and the Consideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules, specified in the Schedule 53 G. 3. c. 123. marked [C.J contained in an Act passed in the Fifty third Year Gch.C. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and

render more effectual fevera{ Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land TuxP

Me* by Reflors

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming or Vicars, any Land Tax by any Rector or Vicar, or for the Purpose of raising

any Money for re-imbursing the Stock or Money previously transferred or paid for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for purchasing an Assignment of such Land Tax, under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, the Land fold or proposed to be sold for those Purposes, or any of them, ynder the Powders of the said Acts, or any of them, shall not necessarily be confined to such a Quantity of any Lands belonging to such Rector or Vicar, as shall appear to the Commissioners authorizing the same, necessary to be sold for such Purposes, but that any Sale of Lands hereafter to be made for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be deemed and considered good and effectual Sales, notwithstanding the Restrictions contained in any of the said Acts, although the Lands so fold, or proposed to be sold, shall appear to the said Commissioners more than shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; provided the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that fuefi proposed Sale shall, under ail circumstances, be beneficial or likely to prove beneficial to the kector or Vicar makr ing such Sale, and to their respective Successors; and provided the Ordinary shall signify his Consent to such Sale, by any Writing under his Hand, to be produced before the said Commissioners.

VII. And Whereas it occasionally happens, that the Messuages, Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments, belonging to Livings or other f Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions, the clear annual Income arising from which does not amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, have nol been rated to the Land Tax Commissioners Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioneri mjy exonerate to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to direct the fm.* 11 p; xonenition and Discharge of such Livings, or other Ecclesiastical

fjcm. t ..ncn J3enc^ces or Charitable Institutions, from any future A fie (finent of Land Tax thereon, in the same manner, and under the same Regulation?j

c. 173.

54 GEO. III.

905

lations, so far as the same are applicable, as the Commissioners

heretofore appointed by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent were

by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present 53 g. 3 c. xaj.

Majesty authorized and empowered to do in cases where the Mef- 33.

fuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to any such

Livings, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Iuflitutions,

were or should have been rated to the Land Tax.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where there shall Transfer of be any Surplus of Stock transferred, as the Consideration for, or pur- Surplus Stock, chased with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue of any of the Acts pa (fed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Act, by any Body Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees, or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax (after reserving so much of such Stock as shall be agreed to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Land Tax redeemed or purchased), such Surplus Stock shall, if the same shall not exceed One thousand Pounds Capital Stock Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, be transferred into the joint Names of Two Trustees, to be nominated by such Body Politic or Corporate, or Company or Feoffees, or Trustees of such Charitable Institution, in order that the same may be applied in such manner for the Benefit of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Trustees, and their respective Successors or Heirs as is directed by the said Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, with 42 O. 3. c. 116. respect to any Surplus Stock not exceeding Two hundred Pounds  x6* Principal Stock.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Surplus Stock transferred Surplus Stock or to be transferred as the Consideration for, or purchased with the not transferred Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, made or to be madeeul CeruU" by virtue of the said Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any subsequent Act passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Act, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Tru flees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, or any Archbishop, Bishop, Rector, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, shall be transferred into the Names of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or into the joint Names of such Trustees as aforesaid, or into the joint Names of such Archbishop, Bishop, Rector, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, and a Trustee, until the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons interested therein, shall have obtained a Certificate, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain, that the whole of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by Sale, Mortgage or Grant whereof such Surplus Stock shall arise or be produced, as on the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, limited to the like Uses or subject to the same Trulls as the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged or charged, Hood settled or limited to at the time of such Sale, Mortgage or Charge, has been wholly redeemed or purchased, or that so much of such Land Tax has been redeemed or purchased, as the said Commissioners shall under the circumftauccs of the case think reasonable.


906

Compensation to Commi ilioners.

42 G. 3. c. 116.*II9-

45 ^-3- c- 77* 4.

Enrolment and Rcpntry of Deeds.

42 G. 3. c. 116.

Conveyances eon firmed.

C. 173. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, pursuant to any Dire cl ion of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Royal Sign Manual, from time to time to allow to the Commissioners who shall hereafter act in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or to the Executors or Administrators of any of such Commissioners as may have died, by or out of any Public Monies for the time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, such Sums of Money, as an Acknowledgement for the Services of such Commissioners in the Execution of the said Powers and Authorities, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall deem proper, having due regard to the Nature and Extent of such Services.

1 XI. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for the En-

rolment and Regillry of Deeds which shall not have been duly in-

rolled or registered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, and of the several other Acts passed relating to the Redemption of Land Tax Be it therefore enacted, That all Deeds required by the said recited Act, or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively; provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

XII. And Whereas, for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax, or of railing Money for re imbursing the Stock or Money previously

transferred or paid as the Consideration for redeeming Land Tax charged on Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to Persons for the time being seised or possessed, or entitled beneficially inPossession to the Rents and Profits of, but not having the absolcte Estate or Interest in such Lands or other Hereditaments, or for some other Purposes for which Lands and Hereditaments are authorized to be sold by such Persons, under the Powers and Provisions of the said Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of some subsequent Act relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, some Sales of Lands and other Hereditaments may have been or may be made by Persons so seised or entitled, not llridlly authorized to fell by such Powers and Provisions, without some further Assurance in the Law; or by reason that all the Lands and other Hereditaments of or to which the Persons

making such Sales were respectively so seised or entitled, did not at the times of such Sales Hand limited and settled, and subject to or for the same Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes; or by rtafoo that 4 a greater Quantity of an Ellate his been fold than may have bee- necessary to be sold for the authorized Purposes; or by reason of some other Mi Hake or Inadvertence Now be it further enacted, That all Sales so made as aforesaid, and all Conveyances executed of the Lands or other Hereditaments so fold, provided the same hue )>een respectively made and executed bona jidt, and for valuable Consideration,

907

54 GEO. III. C. 173.

and shall appear to have been made and executed under the Authority and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners, as required by the said Adds or any of them, in cases of Sales under the Powers of the said Acts, shall be and the same are hereby ratilied and confirmed, from the respective Periods at which such Sales and Conveyances were respectively made and executed, and shall be from such respective Periods as valid and effectual in the Law, as if such Sales and Conveyances had been made and executed in strict Conformity to the Powers and Provisions under which the same were intended to have Effect; any thing in the said Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any such sub-sequent Act as aforesaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person Proviso for Per-injured or prejudiced by any Sales hereby confirmed, shall be entitled fons injured, /wc. to Relief either by the Decree of a Court of Equity on a Bill filed, by Sales, or by a summary Application to a Court of Equity by Petition, andby the usual Proceedings before the Master or other proper Officer of the Court on such Petition, and an Order thereupon 5 and shall under such Decree or Order have an annual Rent Charge to such an Amount, and for and during such Term or Estate, and charged upon such Lands or other Hereditaments, as such Court shall order or direct; and the said Court shall have full Power to adjust the Proportion and Terms of such Annual Rent Charge between different Claimants, and to direct the Settlement of such Annual Rent Charge, in such manner as the said Court shall, under the circumstances of the case, in its Discretion think proper, and shall also have Power to make such Order respecting the Colts of the Parties, as the said Court shall think fit.

1 XIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for the Investment of Money in the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of Public Annuities, as

the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax

Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Respefling In* it shall be lawful for any Receiver or Receivers General in Great vestment of Britain, from time to time to pay in advance out of any Public Money. Monies in his or their Hands, into the Bank of England, to the Joint Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Receiver or Receivers General, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes necessary for the Purchase of Three per Centum Bank Annuities, as the Consideration for any Land Tax contracted for, and as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be tendered by or on Account of any such Receiver or Receivers General, are hereby required to receive the same, and place the same to the proper Account as aforesaid, out of which Monies so much thereof as shall be wanted shall be applied, as Occasion shall require, for and towards the Completion of such Contracts, or any Instalment or Instalments thereon, according to the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be signed by any 'if wo or more of them, and so from time to time whenever any such Contract shall be entered into or any Contra ^/heretofore entered into shall remain to be completed; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

A.D. 1814.

908

C. 173.

54 GEO. III.

J3 G. 3. .113. f

Provife.

Money remaining applicable to Completion of Conti acts.

Commissioners nt'National Debt to repay Money to Receiver General tv lien certified that it is not wanted for Purposes of Act.

Before whom Affidavits made.

shall, according to such Certificate or Certificates of the Commis-iioners for the Affairs of Taxes, cause all the Monies so placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Receiver or Receivers General respectively, to be from time to time invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt (except as herein after is excepted), and placed under distinct Heads of Account, as directed by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, entering the Contracts made in each Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, under the Schedule marked (C.) contained in this Act, and the Schedules marked [C.], CD...], and [D. 2.], in the said Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in separate Accounts, and distinct from any other Accounts authorized by the Acts in force at the time of passing this Act; provided that all Sums of Money which shall be advanced by such Receiver or Receivers General, shall be from time to time replaced by and out of the Monies so contracted to be paid on account of the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies paid by any Receiver General, in pursuance of any Act or Acts in force at the time of passing this Act, into the Bank of England, for or on account of the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, and remaining in tie said Bank of England, unapplied at the time of passing this Act, and all Monies hereafter to be paid by any such Receiver General into the said Bank in pursuance of this Act, and which at the End of any Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, shall remain in the said Bank of England unapplied as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be applicable, and shall be applied towards the Completion of all such Contracts now entered into or hereafter to be entered into in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, according to the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes heretofore transmitted or hereafter to be transmitted to the Cashiers of the said Bank of England, as Agents to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and as if the said Monies had been paid into the said Bank expressly for those Purposes; and the Balance of each Account, unapplied as aforesaid, shall from time to time be carried to the Account of the subsequent Year in the Books of the said Bank of EnglandV

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be certified to the CommissionerB for the Reduction of the National Debt, by any Two or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that any Monies paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, will not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and ought to be repaid to any such Receiver or Receivers General, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to authorize and direct their Agent to repay to such Receiver or Receivers General, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns* any Monies remaining in the said Bank of England, and which ought to be repaid pursuant to such Certificate or Certificates.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Affidavit or Affidavits authorised to be made by any Ad or Ad# ia force at the tin*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 173, 174. 909

of passing this Act, in relation to the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, may, from and after the passing of this Act, be made before any Commissioner for the Execution of the said Acts, or before any Two Commissioner3 of the Land Tax Act acting for the Place where the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed or purchased shall be charged; any thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Ail altered, ice. Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXIV.

An Act for letting to Farm the Poll Horse Duties.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of 17 G. 3. c. 26.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Atl made in the Twenty-

fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, the Commissioners of the Treasury were empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horses let to Hire

therein particularly set forth and mentioned to have been granted by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign,

for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain Regulations and Restrictions expressed and contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign: And

Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His 44 G. 3. c. 98. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissn tiers for managing the Duties upon Stamped VtU 4 lum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, the several Duties granted ' by the said Act of the Twenty fifth of His Majesty's Reign on

Horses let to Hire, as therein mentioned, and extended in certain

cases by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's 4a G. 3. c. 5a.

Reign, for enlarging the time for which Horses might be let to

Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty, and other Purposes, were repealed; and in lieu thereof it was enacted that, from 44 0.3. c. 98. 4 and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and Sch. B.

*four, there should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successore, the several Duties following 5 4 that is to say, For and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding,

hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding Should be hired to travel; and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding, hired for a less Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or otherwise,

if the Diilance at the time of hiring should be ascertained, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for and in respect of

1 4 every Horse, Mare or Gelding so hired as last above mentioned! in any case where the Diilance should not at the time of Hiring bo ascertained! the Sum of One Shilling and Nine pence, for each

Day

9io

*5 G.j. c. 51. 4* G. 3. C. 5a.

48 G. 3. c. 98.

51 G. 3. c. 76.

Commissioners of Trcifury may let to Farm Duties on Horses, fcc. graiyetl by 44 G. 3. c. 98.

Pronto.

C. 174. 54 GEO- III. A.I>.x814.

Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be so hired,

with an Exception of Horses, Mares and Geldings used in licensed

Hackney Coaches, where the same should be employed to go no

greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or

Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof 5 which said several Duties

are now secured, raised, levied and collected, by and under the Provisions and Regulations of the said Acts of the Twenty fifth and

Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign relating to the said

Duties so repealed as aforesaid, and by and under the Provisions and Regulations of another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of

His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travelling,

and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight

Days for drawing Carriages, used in travelling Post or other wise in Great Britain; and for better securing the said Duties, and also

by and under the Provisions and Regulations of another Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travelling; and on Hotfes hired for a lef:

Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriaget used in travelling Post or other wise, in Great Britain; and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties: And Whereas the said

Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign* in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings, hired in the manner aforesaid, are now let to Farm, under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years which will expire on the Thirty

first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen;

and it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm

for a further Term; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being; and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or some of them to be authorized for that Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, to let to Farm the said several Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings, hired in the manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the same, after the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such separate and particular Districts as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, so far as the same are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer Term or Time, than until the Thirty first Day of January inclusive, which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

9ii

A.D. 18r4- 54 GEO. III. C. 174.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, provisions of Clauses, Regulations and Directions contained in and prescribed by ^7 G. 3. c. 26. the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, in force as to shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Effect, with respect duties let under to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm and to the letting

of the same and to the Fanners thereof, and to all other Persons,

Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deposit made Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or by Contractors the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, 01 uties*

to prescribe the time for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Person who shall be the belt Bidder for and be declared the Farmer of any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed 5 and in case any such Person shall fail to make such Deposit at the time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing and to give Security for the Payment of the Rent and the due Performance of such Contract in the manner directed by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of 17 G. 3. c. 26. His Majesty's Reign within the time to be appointed for that Pur- 5 5* pose, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Bidding and Contract of such Person null and void, and his Deposit, if made, forfeited, and to cause the Duties whereof he shall have been declared the Farmer to be again put up to be let to Farm, pursuant to the Directions of this and the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and so from time to time as often as such Failure shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Justices mjy of this Act, it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace measure Ro*dv for any Division in Great Britain to cause the Distances between

various Places in their Division and its Neighbourhood to be measured by some proper Person or Persons, who shall be paid for such Measurement such Sum as shall appear reasonable to the said Justices out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of such County upon the Warrant of the said Justices, and the Measurement being verified before the said Justices by the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same, to publish such Measurement under the Hand of the Clerk of such Division twice in some Newspaper of the County for which such Justices shall act 5 and from and after such Publication if any Pott Matter* Person letting Horses to hire shall charge for a greater Number of charging more Miles than is specified in such Table of Distances, if the Job for which tllan Measure-such Horses shall be hired shall exceed Seven Miles, he shall forfeit ment* for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be reco- Penalty, vered by Complaint before the Justices of such Division, by whom One Half of such Penalty shall be adjudged for the Benefit of the Informer, and the ether for the Poor of the Parish in which such Information is laid.

V. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Duties 44-3*c*9*granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's

Reign,

912

Duties not to

attach on Horses drawing I'ilh Carts.

Farmers of Duties rest rained as to Prosecutions for Penalties.

43 G. 3. c. 34.

21 H. 8. c. 13. 53 G. 3. c. M9-

Reign, do attach upon Horses hired for drawing Fife Carts or 1 Carriages, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts from and af

ter the Expiration of the present Leases of the said Duties Be it therefore further enacted and declared. That, from and after the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Duties shall not be deemed to attach upon, or be payable for or in respect of any Horses, Mares or Geldings, which shall be hired for drawing any Carts or Carriages kept or usually employed for the Conveyance of Fife; but this is not to prejudice any Question in the mean time between the present Farmers of the said Duties and any Persons who shall have let any Horses, Mares or Geldings, to Hire for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Provi. fions contained in the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of H11 Majesty's Reign, it shall not be lawful for any Farmer of any of the said Duties, or for any other Person or Persons from and after the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to prosecute for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by any of the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts in any of His Majesty's Courts at IVtfl-minster or in Scotland, without having first obtained the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Two of them, nor unless the Prosecution for th(*same shall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps, or same other Solicitor or Attorney approved of by the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the CommissioneTS of Stamps or the major Part of them, if they shall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be flayed in any such Prosecution on Payment of Part only of the Penalty incurred, with or without Coils, or on Payment only of the Costs incurred in such Prosecution or any Part thereof, as the said Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient.

CAP. CLXXV.

An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England, for One Year and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England: And Whereas certain of the Provisions of the said Act have been found inconvenient 5 and it is expedient that the said Act be amended, and that further Provision be made for the better carrying

into Execution the Purposes thereof: And Whereas it is also expedient to amend certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in

the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled Spiritual Persons abridged from taking Pluralities of Livings and from taking of Farms; and also in an Act passed in the lift Session, intituled An Act for the further Support and Maintenance cf ' Stipendiary Curates f Be it therefore enacted by The King's MoS Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Action of

Debt,

913

54v GEO. in C. 175.

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; against any Spiritual Person, 'for Actions for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures under or by virtue of Penalties under the said first recited Act, Audi be commenced or filed in any of His ^cn to j, Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> or the Court of Great commenced. Sessions in Wales, until the First Day of May after the Expiration of the Year in which any alleged Offence against the said Act shall have taken place.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Archbishops and Bishops of their respective Dioceses should be further empowered to punish past Non Residence, as well as to compel Residence in future; Be it enacted, That in all cases in which any Spiritual Birthsm-Person shall have become subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for powered to any Non Residence, it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop Pun'1^ Past Non within whose Diocese such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such Spiritual Person for such past Non Residence, and to levy the Penalties incurred thereby under the said first recited Act as amended by this Act, by Monition and Sequestration, and to direct the Application thereof in like manner, and subject to the same Regulations, and with like Powers of remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penalties, as is directed. or allowed in the said Act, in cases of Noncompliance with any Order for Residence.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop or Bishop Archbishops, fcc. may levy any Colts, Charges or Penalties by this Act imposed upon may levy Pe-any Spiritual Person, subject to his Jurisdiction or locally situate nalt>es an^ therein, who shall under the Provisions of the said first recited Act bequestrauoi* or this Act become liable thereto, in the same manner as any Colls

may be levied upon any Spiritual Person by any Archbishop or Bishop under the Provisions of the said Act, and may order the Application of such Penalties in such manner as is by the said Act directed concerning any Money levied by Sequestration.

IV. And be it also enacted, That every Penalty under the first Penalties not

reciting Ad, or this Act, in respect of which no Proceeding shall lcv, ed by B'lhoP have been had by Monition for the Recovery thereof, before the

First Day of May after the same shall have been incurred, may be 0 recovered and applied by Action or Suit, in like manner as the

Penalties for Non Residence are directed to be recovered and applied by any Action or Suit under the said first recited Act and this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be proviso for ap-

lawful for any Spiritual Person to appeal against any Proceedings peal under had under the Provisions of this Act, in the same manner as is directed 43 G* 3 c. ^4* in relation to any Appeal under the said first recited Act. $ x9*

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Penalties recafe in which any Archbishop or Bishop shall think proper, under mined.

all the circumstances thereof, after proceeding by Monition for the Recovery of any Penalty under the said lirit recited Act or under this Act, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Penalty, such Archbishop shall forthwith trausmit to His Majesty in Council, and such Bishop shall transmit to the Archbishop of the Province to which he belongs, a List of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective Dioceses, specifying tli*nature and special circumstances of each case, and the Reasons for the said Remission, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the Licences for Non Residency granted in none mini crated cases, under the said first recited 54 GEO. III. 3 N Act;

9*4

Decision of Archbishop final.

When Penalties recoverable.

Year for Purposes of Ad when to commence, &c. Licences, except for tempo* rary Causes, granted accordingly.

Months how computed.

43 G. 3. c.fU- 25, 26. in part repealed. Cause of Exempt on neglected to he notified.

Penalty,

C. 175. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Act 5 and it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty in Council, or for the said Archbishop, as the case maj be, to allow or disallow such Remiflton in Whole or in Part# in the same manner as the Allowance or Disallowance of the said Licences for Non Residence is provided for by the said Act 5 the Decision of the said Archbishop, with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop, to be final.

VII. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether

Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said first recited Act

might not be recovered for more that One Year Be it declared and enacted, That no Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered by any Proceeding or Action, other and further than those to which such Spiritual Persons may be liable under the Provisions of the said Act, for any Offence alleged to have been committed against the Provisions of the said Act or this Act during the Year ending on the Thirty First Day of December immediately preceding the Commencement of such Proceeding or Action.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purposes of the said first recited Act and of this Act, the Year shall be deemed to commence on the First Day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the Thirty first Day of December, both inclusive; and act Licences granted under the said Act, other than such as (haD be granted for Periods less than a Year, on account of Ilinest or other temporary Cause, shall be granted to commence and terminate at such respective Periods as aforesaid, for the Year or Years for which they shall be granted; save and except such as k may be need&ry to grant for the Remainder of any Year after the Expiration of any Licence now subsisting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purposes of the said first recited Act and of this Act, the Months therein named shall be taken to be Calendar Monthsj except in any case in which any Month or Months are to be made up of different Periods left than a Month; and in every such case Thirty Days shall be deemed t Month.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of said first recited Act as enacts, that any Person neglecting to notify any Reason of any Exemption from Residence, for which it is not necessary to obtain a Licence, shall not be deemed to be entitled to the Besrik of such Exemption, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and, from and after the passing of this Act, every Spiritual Person having lawful Cause of Exemption from Residence under the ftiid Act, 0s any other Act, and being Non Resident, who shall neglect to mike such Notification thereof, as in the said Act is directed, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied by Sequestration, if not otherwise paid after Monition to pay the same, of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, for which he shall claim Exemption from Residence, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese to whom the Notification ought to be made, to be applied as he mar direct, to useful and charitable Purposes, with the like Power ci remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penaltir* as is directed or allowed in the said Acts, in cases of Noncompliance with an Order for Residence.

XI. Ad

A.D. 1814. 54* GEO-in. 0.175, 176. 915

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed S3&: 3* c. 149-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the further J I^ai^jpart Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, as enacts, that every rep Incumbent of or Person holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual

Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who does not nor shall not duly reside thereon (except as therein excepted), and who shall, for the Period of Three Months after the Death or Resignation of any Curate who has served his Church or Chapel, neglect to notify to the Bishop of the Diocese such Death or Resignation, shall forfeit and lose all the Benefit of any Dispensation or Exemption from Residence, or Licence for Non Residence, and be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties for Non Residence, as if he had no such Dispensation, Exemption from Residence or Licence for Non Residence, shall be and the same is hereby repealed 5 and, from and after the passing of this Act, every such Person shall, for such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, applied and Penalty, remitted, in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with respect to the Neglect of notifying Exemptions from Residence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person In case no

having any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial House of Refi-Chapelry, and who shall not have, nor during any Part of his In- wh

cumbency have had any House of Residence thereon, and who shall have resided Nine Months in the Year within the Limits of his* Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall not be liable to any Penalties on account of Non Residence, nor be obliged to take out any Licence therefore; but that the same shall be deemed a legal Residence to all the Intents and Purposes of the said first recited Act and this Act 5 and in all Returns made by the Bishops, Persons so residing shall be returned as resident.

XIII. And Whereas the Governors of Queen Anne\ Bounty Houses purhave in some Instances purchased, or may hereafter purchase Houses of

not situate within the rari files for which they are purhafed, but so Quc^Anne'*

contiguous as to be equally convenient and suitable for the Refi- Bounty deemed

dence of the officiating Ministers therof: Be it enacted, That such Residencei. Houses, having been previously approved by the Archbishop or Bishop, by Writing under his Hand, shall be deemed Parsonage Houses appertaining to such Livings, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Sinecure Sinecure Rectories having Vicarages endowed, the Residence of the Vicar Rhodes, in the Rectory House shall be deemed a sufficient legal Residence,

to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and Continuance of be in force for One Year and from thence until Six Weeks after the Aft.

Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made 4 W for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain for One Year, from the Twenty

3 N 2 4 fifth

Secretary at War to issue Money required for Pay of Local Militia. Rates of Pay.

Contingent

Expences.

Clothing.

50 O.3.C. 15.

Rates of Pay when at'lent on furlough.

Pay Issued Four Vr.hs iu Ad. % an; e.

1 fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I.ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and impowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Local Militia, in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which he is appointed, shall exceed Three hundred and sixty Private Men; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Mailer, where the Establishment shall not exceed that Number 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed: And also at the Rate of Three pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps: And also for the Clothing of the Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shilling* and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One penny for each Corporal, Four pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, of Local Militia beyond the regular Establishment of the Permanent Sul thereof, as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provisioas of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates inilead of thofeabove mentioned; that is to say, Every Serjeant the Sum of Ob* Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence ter Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more: And it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance so:

any

9'7

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. 0.

any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Allowance to Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Surgeons.

Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day's Training, 1

for the same Purpose 5 and to the Surgeon of Local Militia an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps,*

on conllant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Mailer or Bat- Quarter Matter, talion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of Local Militia, &c-10 have shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloth-

ing, Necessaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of neJ!el*_

the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Money hereby f, ry for Repair* directed to be ifTned and paid for defraying the contingent Expences on an Order of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue out n2nei' ^y and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Colonel.

Arms, upon an Order in Writing, Signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands, which Balance to form said Balance shall form a Stock Purse, for the U fe of the Regiment, Stock Putfe. Battalion or Corps, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Mailer or Battalion Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Com- Lo-nl Militia missioned Officers and Private Men of the Local Militia when not entitled to Pay drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay and dunng Period* Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: ^1"^/* Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend '

to such Period or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of Annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at and departure from and marching to and from the Place apjsointed for Exercise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted Money for

for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the Local Militia p<iy &c. issued as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regula-

lions as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in

that behalf.

Session 6. is the same as 7. of 53 G. 3. c* 96. except that the Right to Chelfe* Mifords " So help me God" are added after the Oath.] Pentions not

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non affetted. Commissioned Officer or Private Man in the Local Militia entitled 4 3 N 3 to

918

C. 176.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Adjutants, after Service of 30 Years unfit for further Service, to receive Allowance of 6s. per Day.

Provifa

[Proviso.]

Receiver General of Land Tax &c. to pay Allowances to Clerks of General and SubdivL Con Meetings.

Rates of Allowance.

to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, (Kail forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

VIII. And Whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in

the Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable

of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision

should be made for them in consideration of their former Service Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole. Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Local Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Local Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that do Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular or Local Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

f Scdion 9. is the same (except the date) as  IO. of 53 G. 3. c. 96.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Place in England where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in England, at the Rates following; that is to say. To the Clerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall he made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Local Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted* and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Bailot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord

9i9

A.D. 1814. S4 GEO. III. C. 176, 177.

Lord Lieutenant* or Deputy Lieutenant* of the respective Countie*,

Ridings, Cities or Places shall appear reasonable and proper, and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

 Sedions 11, audit, are the same as 13. and 14.* q/* 53 G. 3. r. 96.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Ordersc* <, rawli drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia under this Act,

may or shall be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft paper. or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

[Sedions 14. and 15. are the same as 16. and 17. <?/* 53 G. 3. c. 96.]

CAP. CLXXVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made

W for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the9Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

fourteen until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every County, Treasury to County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall iflueFour

be raised, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Months Pay in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, ^"county, the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Uses here- &c. where inafter mentioned 5 that is to say, for the Pay of the said Militia, at Militia raised. the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, and at the Rate> of p*y. Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymader and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Paymader or Surgeon is appointed 5 and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quarter Mader where a Quarter Mader is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Mailer Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Mader Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day For each Serjeant so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid

And also at the Kate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man Cont ingent and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regi- EMiencei* ment and Battalion of Militia: And also for the Clothing of the Clothing. Militia for such County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One

3 N 4 Shilling

A.D. 1814.

920

P a'es of Pay when on Furlough.

Baymaster to ITuc Money for Repair of Arms, &c. on OiJer signed by ColoneL

Balance o.Sto^k Purse

Colonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exer-eife, &c. who shall pay Sums herein specified.

C. 177. 54 GEtX Ills

Shilling: and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, when such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough, or Licence, such Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates of Pay following; that is to say, every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to dire<! that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

[ Session 2. is the same as j 2. of 53 G. 3. c. 79.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment from time to time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of ill such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, shewing the Balance remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby uiredled to be proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the pme being, to issue and pay put of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland\

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Assistant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of Annual Exercise.

\_Section 5. is the same as 4. of 53 G. 3. c. 79.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain 1 Officers of the said Militia Forces of Ireland while disembodied under certain Regulations Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances to Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are entitled during Subaltern Offi-the time of annual Exercise, or when called out for the Suppression cer* and Assistant of Riots or Tumults, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under 6urSeons* the Rellri&ions, and in the manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, now bearing a Commission, and serving in the Militia of Ireland, who shall continue faithfully to serve until the Disembodying thereof; that is to say, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Six pence a Day, to an Ensign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Assistant Surgeon Two Shillings and Six pence a Day.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Exception*, who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold

a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large in

Ireland', or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Surgeon in any t

Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Person deriving in

any way what foe ver, other wise than as a Subaltern or Assistant

Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance

whatsoever, from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half

Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold the Com-

mimon of a Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon in the said Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said Annual Allowance or any

Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers Subalternschimr and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under ing Allowance* the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allow- tp take follow-ances shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle i, g themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, to which the Regiment or Battalion in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the QJtll

1 of the Militia of Ireland, when the same was dif-

' embodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day of

inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant

Surgeon (ax the case may be); and that I was not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in theactual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and

Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual

Value

C. 177-

921

9*2

Justices to transmit Oaths to Paymaster.

Subalterns, fcc. to attend an nual Exercise or forfeit Allowance, and Pay.

Certificates of Attendance

transmitted by Commanding Officer to Pay-master of Regiment.

|n case of Leave of Absence, Reason for granting it inserted in Certificate.

If Militia not called out to annual Exercise, Subalterns, &c. still entitled to Allowance*

C177.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to bold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia of a County at large in

Ireland; that I have not, during the above Period, held the

Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion

or Corps of Militia 5 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or

Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Pay as

for the Period of the Corps having assembled to be trained and

exercised 5 and that I was not entitled, during the said Period,

either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines.

So help me GOD.'

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for supprrffing Riots or Tumults, and shall during the said time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, figued by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be ablest during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercise: Provided always, that the reasons for which Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned!, to be signed by the Comnwdicg Officer, and to be furnished as loon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion wherein fuen Subaltern, or Assistant Surgeon, shall be serving.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for tv Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called oa: for the annual Exercise and Training tfiereof, or for the SupprefSos of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surge*

5 belonging

923

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 177.

belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance, andf if such t Sic. Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as Allowance* paid aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as without Deduc-aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not t, on,

have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, in Addition to their Pay, for the time of Training and Exercise, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the same on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subalterns not Assistant Surgeonf of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be attending when entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all times be liable to called upon, to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, forfeit Claims* whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual*, c* Service 5 and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called

upon, at such times or for such Occasions as may be required of them, in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the said Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon shall on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Qovernors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered an having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Allowances no* tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern made while Officer or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid, to the said Allowance, or Militia enw any Part thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belongs>0, <led

shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service.

[Sessions 14. and 15. are the same at 5. and 6. of 53 G. 3. c. 79.J

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Persons<

Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Naval, &c. Half Allowance, as having served in any of His Majest -

y*S Foroes, or p*y or entitled Many to Allowance at mVy having served

924

in His Majesty's Forces, kc. tery-ing in Militia, may receive same on taking following Oath.

Oath.

Chelsea or Kil-mnnh.nn Fen-fions nut at-led ed.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Adjutants after so Years' Service, io of which as Adjutants of

C. 17 7* 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Pay matters, Quarter Matters, Surgeons and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults; and the receiving and taking any such Subsistence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Surgeon or Afiittact Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to am such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace who is hereby empowered to administer the same

T j4.B. do swear, That I had not between the and the any Place or Employ-

ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my

Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced b

His Majesty's Navy (or in the Marines, or in

late Regiment of)or Allowance a

in late Troop of Horse Guard?

(or, Regiment of Horse reduced,) favtr and

except my Subsistence as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Pay matter or Quarter Matter, Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon (as the case maybe) for serving in the Militia ia

the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Cuilom to the contrary notwiih-standing.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man in the said Militia entitled to receive any Pension or Allowance from Chelsea Hospital or A7.-mainham Hospital, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the said Militia when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment for the Expences of necessary Medicines for the sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Exper.ce of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissionoi Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, every Adjutant of the said Militia, who shall have served faithfully either a

9^5

His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term Militia, to re-of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service fcr

[Proviso.]

as an Adjutant of the said Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Pay-mailer of the Regiment, a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Years as an Adjutant in the said Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall 1, ruv,: o-lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

[Proviso.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surgeon of the Surgeons .-.frer said Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term 20 Years' Ser-of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for ^ce^r^cuve further Service, he shall, on producing to the Pay mailer of the per Regiment a Certificate of such Service ot Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymaster shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but bo Person receiving such Allowance shall, by reason thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or Lord Lieut*-other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fof the time being, as nant on tc- soon as he or they shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of the ^t^ from^ob Colonel or Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments or nei, certifying Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Receipt of Clothing, which Certificate shall specify-the Number of Serjeants, Clothing,c. to Corporals, Drummers and Private Men, for whom the same shall, fu, e Money for have been supplied, shall issue a Warrant to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for Payment of the same; and the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, upon receiving an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on Account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furnifiicd the said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Warrant and Order to the Person entitled to receive the same, provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall he a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Thit the Hire or Cost of any Expern e of House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, House for de-Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Residence ^Siortsof3 and Accommodation of the Permanent Staff belonging to any Regi- MilKia, \e dl ment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, ffiali frayed by

be Couiiiy.

926

C 177, 178.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Lord Lieutenant may order Arms to be deposited in Ordnance Stores in Dublin.

Bills, fcc. drawn on unstamped Paper.

be defrayed by the County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by Presenttnent of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentirtent the Grand Jury of the County it hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and specifying the Cofl incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the same 5 which Certificate shall be trailsmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of The Crown for such County at any time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County, or it in the County or County of the City of Ihiblb, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term: Provided that in no case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irish Currency fhaD be required for building such House: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such House, in the same manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Ground for building County Gaols.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it mall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (if he or they shall see sufficient Cause for so doing) to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any

Siment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall at any tune while Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied, or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited, and kept in any of His Majesty's Ordnance Stores in the City of Dublin, or to and in any such Ordnance Store, or to and in any other Place of Security, in any other Part in Ireland, as he or they shall from time to time order or direct, and under such Rules and Regulations as be or they shall think fit and proper in that behalf.

[Session 24. is the same as 20. of 53 G. 3. r. 79.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the said Militia when disembodied under this Act, may be or shall be drawn upon un* stamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on undamped Paper.

CAP. CLXXVIII.

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline, certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

[^oxhjuly 1814.]

43 G. 3. c. 121.*WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty third Year of

W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for autk- rising the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Fohadter i Cavalry as may be defir ous of assembling for the Purpose of being

trained together in Great Britain and Ireland 5 and for subjeShg to Military Discipline during the War, such Serjeants serving in am

Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as rrcekt

confiant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men firmj

thera*,

therein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Pate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps; 4 which Act wa3 to continue and be in force during the Continuance

of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace with France; and it is expedient that the same Should be further continued, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and continue in force, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, from the time of the passing of this Act, until the Expiration of One Year next after the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all such Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Acts are applied during War or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force during the Continuance of the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

CAP. CLXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One At1 of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland 5 it is, amongst other things, enacted, that the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores belonging to every Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place within the County, County of a City or Town, to which such

Regiment or Battalion shall belong, as the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that the Adjutant

and One Third at lead in Number of the Serjeants, Corporals and 1 Drummers in every Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia

shall be conllantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms belonging to such Regiment or Battalion are so kept, and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall act in such Command under

the Orders of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such

Regiment or Battalion; and that the Adjutant, and in the Absence

of the Adjutant, the Serjeant Major shall have free Access to the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores as aforesaid,

and shall cause the same to be examined, cleaned and preserved by the said Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, from time to time as

the same shall be necessary, and shall make a Monthly Return of the

t 4 true

927

l5*

43 0*3* c.iai, lb fir as relates to Troops or^Corps in Ireland continued.

49 G. 3. c. 120.

9^8

A.D. 1814.

Quarter Mailer to reside where Arms, kc. arc kept, and in Ah-leuce i>i Adjutant to have Command of bcrjcuuts, &c.

49 G. 3. c.iao.

J*.

Lord Lieutenant so appoint Azentsfor Militia when not drawn out;

C. 179. 54 GEO. III.

true State of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, and of the said Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores of the Regiment or Battalion respectively, to the Governor or Governors of the County, and to the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Battalion: And Whereas it i6 expedient that the said Act be

amended in that respect; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Quarter Mailer of every such Regiment shall in like manner when such Regiment shall not be embodied, be resident within the City, Town or Place where such Arms shall be so kept, and shall be under the Command of the said Adjutant, and in the Absence of such Adjutant shall have the Command of the said Serjeants, Corporals and Drummer*, and shall have free Access to the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores as aforesaid, and shall from time to time cause the same to be cleaned ami preferred as aforesaid, and shall make such Monthly Returns as aforesaid, and shall in case of Neglect or Default therein be subject for every such Offence to such Punishment as a Court Martial shall adjudge, and shall not absent himself from such City, Town or Place without Leave duly obtained from such Adjutant, or in his Absence, from such Colonel or other Commanding Officer; and whenever such Adjutant shall be absent, whether with or without Leave, such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the Corr.rrnrd of such Quarter Mailer; and in case such Quarter Mailer also /half be absent, then and not otherwise the several Rights and Duties in that respect given to or imposed on the Serjeant Major, or Per km acueg as such, by the said Act, shall take place.

II. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act also enacted, that when any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, and during the time they shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel thereof shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment or Battalion, and shall take Security from such Agent: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision fhculd be made for the Appointment of an Agent to such Regiment or Battalion at other times Be it therefore enacted, That when any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall not be drawn out into actual Service, and during such time as they shall not be so drawn out, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or ether Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to appoint an Agent to such Part of such Regiment or Battalion as shall be employed on Permanent Duty, and such Agent so appointed shall give Security for the faithful Discharge of the said Office by Bond to Toe Crown, in such Sum as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct, such Surctiei to be first approved of by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Licutenini or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Military Depart* ment in the Office of such Chief Secretary, and shall thereupon and not before be the Agent of such Regiment until he shall die, reUgu or be removed, or until such Regiment or Battalion shall be drawn out into actual Service.

III. Ari

929

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 179, 180.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful or may empower to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go- Colonel of any vemors of Ireland, if he or they shall think proper, by Warrant foesimentt0 0 under Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower the Colonel of any such Regiment or Battalion in any such case to appoint an Agent thereto, and to take Security for such Agent in the same manner as if such Regiment or Battalion was then drawn out on actual Service, and such Person to be appointed shall be the Agent to such Regiment or Battalion accordingly.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Lord Ij*eute-and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief "*nt mn[ frJer Governor or Governors of Ireland, at his or their Will and Plea- Aecnt^  sure, to order the Removal of any Agent of such Regiment or Battalion, by whomsoever such Agent shall have been appointed, or whether such Regiment or Battalion shall be drawn out into actual Service or not, and such Agent shall thereupon be removed from and shall cease to hold such Ofnce, and shall be incapable of being again appointed thereto until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall by Writing under Hand and Seal revoke such Incapacity.

CAP. CLXXX.

An Act to provide for the preferring and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision6 should be made for

W the preferring and restoring of Peace, in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be in immediate Danger of being disturbed

or may be actually disturbed, by seditious Persons, or by Persons

entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies Be it there-

fore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Two Justi: ?$ Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the "*ay cause cle, k Peace, in any County or County of a City, or Town in Ireland, to lhe ^c*ce lo. direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, the Clerk of the s^ffion, who*CU Peace thereof to summon an extraordinary Session of the Peace to shall pod No-be holden therein, at such Place and at such Time as they shall deem tice to caut'e expedient, not sooner than Forty eight Hours after such Directionu{l, ccs tc'be shall have been delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, in order to con-

fider the State of such County, Town or City; and thereupon such t*lone<|#

Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith post Notice thereof on the Door

of the Court House of such County, Town or City, and cause, as far as in him lies, every Justice of the Peace of such County, Town or City, who shall be resident therein, to be summoned to such Sessions; in serving which Summons, every Constable, Sub Con (table and Sheriff's Bailiff is hereby required to obey, and be aiding and assisting to such Clerk of the Peace j and that the Justices assembled in con- Justices so af sequence, not being fewer than Seven in a County at large, or than Three iid a County of a Town or City, or the major Part of such Justices respectively, shall and may, if they shall lee fit, upon due jjtuunam, Out 54 GEO. III. 3 O Con-

93

C. 180.

4 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

County is dif- Consideration of the State of the County, signify by Memorial signed turbed, &c. by them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, that they consider their County, or any Part thereof, to be in a State of Distmbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming so, and the Grounds and Reasons of such their Opinion, and praying that the Lord Lieutenant and Council may proclaim such County or Part thereof, to be in a State Lord Lieute- of Disturbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming so; and there-nant, &c. may upon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or County" &c to ot^ler Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by be in a State of and with Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, u Diilurbance. he and they shall respectively think proper so to do, by Proclamation, to declare such County, or any Part of such County, to be is a State of Diilurbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming foj as also such Part as he or they shall think proper of any adjoining County; a Copy of which Proclamation shall be forth with trammkted by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of every such County so mentioned therein, who shall thereupon, and he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the several Magistrates, and to the Assistant Barrister of every such County, or to the Person duly qualified and empowered to act as Assistant Bar-riiler therein, requiring their Attendance at the Special Sessions to be held as herein after mentioned 5 unless some Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed under or by a Proclamation then in force, by virtue whereof the Special Sessions shall be then fitting from Day to Day, as herein after mentioned; in which case he shall forthwith give such Notice to the Justices presiding at such Special Sessions, who shall thereupon, or at soon after as the said Court shall fit, cause such further Proclamation to be publicly read in open Court. Contents cf

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Proclamation

proclamation, shall warn^Inhabitants of every such proclaimed County, or Part thereof, to be and remain within their Houses, at all Hours between Sunset and Sunrise, from and after such Day as shall be named therein for that Purpose, under the Penalties by Law established; and such Proclamation shall further order and dnreft that a Special Sessions of the Peace for every such County, whereof the whole or any Part shall be so therein proclaimed, shall be held in such County, at such Time and Place as shall be therein named, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date of such Proclamation; and such Special Sefioos of the Peace shall be so held accordingly, and shall from thenceforth continue to fit so long as such County, or any Part thereof, shall be proclaimed, and shall nave Power to adjourn from time to tune and from Place to Place within such County as shall be found convenient; and the Clerk of the Peace in every such County is hereby required forthwith to cause such Proclamation to be published in all the Pubbe Newspapers printed within such County, and to cause one or mar? printed Copy or Copies thereof to be polled up in large legibl* Characters in all Market Towns within the said Comity, or iuc* If County pre- part thereof as shall be so proclaimed: Provided however, that t viously pro- any pjjt of such County shall have been previously proclaimed by er rnatlon notTo* un^er any Proclamation then continuing in force, in the Whole a notice Special in Part, by reason whereof there shall be then a Court of Spaci Sessions then Sessions of the Peace fitting under this Act, from Day to Day, e fitting. such County, then such Proclamation shall not make, any mate*

16

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. HE

C. 180.

931

of such Special Session of the Peace in such County, but the said Special Sessions of the Peace so then fitting shall continue to fit, and shall take Cognizance of all Offences committed within such District or Part so newly proclaimed, in the same manner, in all respects, as if such Sessions of the Peace were summoned and fitting by and under such latter Proclamation.

III. And be it further enacted, That every County or part of a When Placet County so proclaimed, shall be considered to all Intents and Pur- considered a* poses, as a proclaimed District, from the Day on which the Inha- proc alme'bitants thereof shall be required by the Proclamation to remain within

their Houses between Sunset and Sunrise as aforesaid, and not before.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Proclamations which shall Proclamation be issued under this Act, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief conclusive Evi-Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with de*Jc '.n 9'v.'* the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, or the c*ourt[]n, m* Dublin Gazette, importing to contain a Copy of such Proclamations respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in Ireland, of

all such Fasts as were or shall be necessary to authorize the issuing of such Proclamations as aforesaid; and every such Proclamation shall be deemed and taken, in all such Courts respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to have been issued in conformity to the several Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That, after the issuing of such Pro- Lord Lieute-clamation, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or nant may aP-t other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, tK0^6*and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required, to direct Counsel topre-any One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law or His Majesty's Counsel side at Special learned in the Law in Ireland, if any such Serjeant or Counsel can be Settlors, procured, to repair to any such County, which or any Part of which shall be so proclaimed, and there to continue and to preside at the said Sessions from Day to Day in manner herein after mentioned, so long as such County shall continue to be so proclaimed, unless sooner recalled or permitted to leave the same by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that the Assistant Barrister of every such County, Assistant Barrif-or such other Person as shall be duly qualified and empowered to do ter Present at the Duty of an Assistant Barrister therein, shall, on receiving such Sessions* Notice as aforesaid, forthwith repair to such County, and shall continue in the said County, and be present at the said Sessions, so long as the said County or any Part thereof shall continue to be so proclaimed; so as that so long as any such County or any Part thereof shall be proclaimed, there shall always be therein an Assistant Barrister, or Persons duly empowered to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Serjeant or fugh Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law/ to preside in Counkl to pre-the said Court of Sessions of the Peace as the Chief Judge thereof; as Ch, e* and that such Court of Sessions of the Peace shall, for the Purposes -u 5e*sn^ of this Act in all Proceedings under the same, have and possess all and every the Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities, belonging and incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery,

'and shall proceed without any Grand' Jury, and without any Bill found, to try any Person or Persons who shall, by Information on

(ions to have all Sower as Court of Oyer and Terminer, See. and to proceed as herein mentioned.

932

C. 180.

A.D. 1814.

Court empowered to try by Jury.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for hold, iqg General Sessions, kc.

54 GEO. III.

Oath, taken before any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein such Court shall fit, and returned to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, be accused of any of the Matters and Things, in respect whereof any Person is by this Act declared to be an idle and disorderly Person, and shall try such Person or Persons on Evidence upon Oath, to be administered'by such Court, in Support of such Accusation 5 and on Evidence upon Oath, to be in like manner administered, in Support of the Defence of such Person or Persons, if any such Evidence shall be offered, and shall convict and pafi Judgment upon, or acquit, the Persons so tried, according as the Merits of the case shall appear to the Court before whom the same shall be tried; and that such Conviction and Judgment, or Acquittal, may be had and pronounced without the Verdict of any Petty Jury, and shall be equally good and valid in Law, as if such Judgment had been had on a Bill found by a lawful Grand Jury, and the Verdict of a lawful Petty Jury given thereon.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Court shall think fit and proper, having due regard to the circumstances of the case, and the then existing State and Condition of the County, to try any Person charged upon any such Information by a Jury, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to issue a Precept under the Hand of One of the Justices attending such Special Sessions, to such Person or Persons as the Court shall appoint for that Purpose, commanding him or them to summon a Jury to appear before the said Court of Special Session, at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Precept, which Summons all Persons so summoned are hereby required to obey; and that it shall be lawful for the said Court upon the Appearance of the said Jury, to cause the said Jury to be {worn and impanelled immediately, or at any time they may appoint, to try the said Person or Persons, upon the said Information; and the said Court of Sessions of the Peace to be held under this Act shall hare all such Pbwers of enforcing the Attendance of Persons so summooed as aforesaid, as any Court of General Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the Verdict of such Jury shall be taken and coo-fidered as of the same force and effect, as to the Matter given them in charge, as the Verdict of a Petty Jury in a Court of Oyer and Ter miner and General Gaol Delivery, and the said Court of Sessions Audi pass their Judgment on such Case accordingly: Provided always, that the Execution of any Judgment or Conviction shall be suspended, unless the Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, so presiding in such Court of Sessions of the Peace, shall agree with the Majority of the Justices of the Peace present at such Court; and in case such Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, fall differ in Opinion from the Majority of the Justices present at such Court of Sessions of the Peace, he shall forthwith report the Case, Aand the Whole of the Evidence taken upon the same, together with his Opinion, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, who is hereby empowered to give such Directions thereupon as he may think proper; and that usd the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have been' received, tk Prisoner shall remain in Custody: Provided always, that noding herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding the Geoeri Sessions of the Peace in such County, in the usual manner, for dz-

charge;

933

54 GEO. III. C. 180.

charging the ordinary Bufinef3 thereof, at such Hours as the said Special Sessions shall not be fitting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Special Sessions said Court, by 'Summons under the Hand of One of the Justices m*y attending such Special Sessions, to summon any Person or Persons Wilne^es*

to attend the said Court of Special Sessions as Witnesses upon the Trial of any such Information as aforesaid; which said Summons, all and every Person or Persons so summoned, are hereby required to obey, subject to such Fines, Penalties, Punishments and Forfeitures for Nonattendance as Persons summoned or fubpcenaed by any Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery are subject and liable to for Nonattendance; and that all Witnesses examined by the said Court, or by any Justice upon any Information exhibited to him, shall be liable to the same Punishment, Penalties and Forfeitures for Perjury or False Swearing, as Witnesses examined by any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are fubieCl and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all Informations Copies of Di-upon Oath, upon which any Person or Persons shall be tried under formations and this Act, and of all Judgments and Convictions thereupon, shall, by Convictions filed the Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, so presiding

at such Court of Session of the Peace, be deposited with or for- sffions.Cr warded to the Clerk of the Peace of the County for which, such Court of Special Session shall be held, and shall be filed among the Records of the Quarter Sessions of such County.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Magistrate or Peace Found out of Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed any Person who Place of Abode, shall, within any such County or District so proclaimed, be found in brousht before the Fields, Streets, Highways or elsewhere, out of his, her or their Mjgiftmes. Dwelling or Place of Abode, at any time from One Hour after Sun-

fct until Sunrise, and such Person being duly charged therewith on Oath as aforesaid, shall and may be brought before the said Special Sessions of the Peace, which shall inquire into the said Charge; and i, what case unless the Person accused can prove to the Satisfaction of such deemed idle and Court (taking the Assistance of a Jury when and so far only as such disorderly. Court shall require the same) that he or she was out of his or her House upon his or her lawful Occasions, such Person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Masiflrates may for any Justice of the Peace, or any Person thereto authorized by enter Houses as the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, at any time from One herein, and ab-Hour after Sunset until Sunrise, to demand Admission; and in case Berner idle* and Admission shall be refused, or not obtained within a reasonable time j^derlv. after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by force into any

House in any County or District so proclaimed as aforesaid, from which he shall suspect the Inhabitants, or any of them, to be then absent, and search therein, so as to discover whether the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, be absent; and if the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, shall be absent between the said Hours, any Magistrate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed the Person or Persons so absent, who shall be brought before the said Court of Special Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be deemed idle and disorderly, unless he, she or they can prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court, with or without the Aid of a Jury

3 O 3

934

C. 180.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 18r4-

[Proviso.]

Taking unlawful Oaths deemed idle and disorderly, dec.

Having Arms at herein mentioned, deemed idle and difordeily.

as aforesaid, that he, she or they were absent on his, her or their lawful and proper Occasions: Provided always, that such Justice of the Peace authorizing and directing any Person or Persons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithful Report of the Name3 of all Persons so deputed to make such Search, and their Quality and Descriptions, to the Special Sessions, within the Space of Seven Days after such Search.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall take or enter into any Oath or Engagement declared to be unlawful, or for the taking or entering into which any Penalty or Punishment is imposed by any Act in force in Ireland, not being compelled thereto by inevitable Necessity, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person: Provided always, that if any Person accused of taking or entering into any such unlawful Oath or Engagement, shall be tried for such Fast before such Court of Special Session3 of the Peace, in the Mode prescribed by this Act, such Person shall not be liable to be again tried or questioned for the same Fast or Offence before any other Jurisdiction whatsoever; any thing in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorized by the Warrant of such Justice, shall, in any such proclaimed District, find any Arms or Ammunition, or any Pike, Pikehead, Spear, Dirk or any other offensive Weapon of any Kind whatsoever, in the House or Power or Possession of any Person whatsoever, concealed or otherwise, after the Person or Persons inhabiting the said House, or the Person or Persons who shall have such Arms, Ammunition or Weapon in his or her Possession, shall have been called upon to deliver up the same, any such Person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person, unless such Person flull prove to the Satisfaction of the Court of Special Sessions, that such Arms, Ammunition or offensive Weapons as aforesaid, were in h? % her or their House, Power or Possession, without his, her or thrir Knowledge, Privity or Consent.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons found afiVm-bled in any Proclaimed District, in any House licensed or unlicenfd, in which Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors are fold, not being Inmates thereof, or Travellers, after the Hours of Nine at Night, and before Six in the Morning, shall be deemed idle and disorderly Persons.

Tumultuouflyjf-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if in any District so as iemhled deemed aforesaid proclaimed, any Person shall unlawfully or tumultuously uiiorderly. assemble in the Day-time, such Persons and every of them shall be

deemed idle and disorderly Persons.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons convicted of being such idle and disorderly Persons as aforesaid, shall be transported for Seven Years, by the Order, Judgment and Sentence of the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace; and such Order, Judgment and Sentence, shall be of the like Force and Effect, acd shall be forthwith carried into Execution in the same manner, in all respects, as if the same had been the lawful Order, Judgment and Sentence of a CcAirt of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no proceeding of the said Court of Special Sessions, or Judgment or Conviction had or pronounced

found in Public Houses after certain time, deemed idle and disorderly.

Idle and disorderly Persons punished as herein mentioned.

Proceedings of Special oelliuns

C.i8o.

935

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

nounced by the said Court, shall be moved into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench by any Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, or shall be examinable, quashed or reversed; but that the Judgments so had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, after adjudging any Person to be transported as aforesaid, immediately on such Adjudication, to order and cause such Person so adjudged, to be transmitted out of the County, if such Court shall think proper, to any other Gaol in Ireland, there to remain until he or they shall be removed and transported pursuant to the said Adjudication.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs and Gaolers in Ireland shall receive and be answerable for the safe keeping of all Persons so transmitted, and to them respectively delivered, as if they had been so delivered for Transportation by Order of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery of the County, Town or City in which the Gaol lies.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hawk or disperse any Seditious Hand Bill, Paper or Pamphlet, in such proclaimed Dircrid, such Person, unless he or she shall discover to the Satisfaction of such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, the Person or Persons from whom he or she received, or by whom he or she was employed to fell, hawk or disperse such Paper, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person, within the Meaning of this Act, but shall not as such be liable to Transportation; but shall, by and under the Sentence of the said Court, be committed to the Gaol of such County, for a time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Person authorized by Warrant of Two such Justices of the Peace, in any District so proclaimed, and whilst such Proclamation shall remain in force, to call upon every Person within such District, who shall have Registered Arms under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, to produce or account for or deliver up all Arms, Ammunition or offensive Weapons whatsoever, which such Person shall have in his, her or their Possession; and to enter any House or Place and search for Arms and Ammunition, and to take and carry away all Arms and Ammunition, whether so registered or not, which they may think necessary to take Possession of, in order to preserve or restore the public Peace, and to dispose thereof in a Place or Places of Safety: Provided nevertheless, that the Justices or other Person taking such Arms, do, upon Demand, give to the Owner or Possessor thereof a Receipt signifying the Number and Kinds thereof, to the end that when such District shall cease to be disturbed, such Arms and Ammunition may be restored to the Person from whom the same were taken, if he or she be entitled to receive and keep the same, or may be otherwise disposed of as the Law directs: Provided always, that nothing in the foregoing Clause contained, shall affect any Person serving in His Majesty's Regular or Militia Foroes, or in any Yeomanry Corps, or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer, in respect of any Anns that they have in their Custody.

3 O 4 XXII. And

not removed by Certiorari, See,

Courts may order Persons adjudged to be transported, to be removed t, o (Jaols out of County.

Sheriffs, See. answerable for safe Custody of Prisoners.

Hawking, fcc. seditious Papers, deemed idle and disorderly.

Imprisonment.

Justices, &c. imy call upon Persons whole Arms registered whilst Proclamation is in force, and take Arms, &c. to a Place of Safety, giving Receipts to Owners.

Not to extend to

Regular or Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry Corps, &c.

C. 180.

A.D. 1814.

Special Sessions not to take Cognizance of any Offence except of idle and disorderly Persons.

Justices to return Information to Clerks of the Peace, laid before Special Sessions.

Magistrates of adjacent Counties may execute Att within Counties of Cities,

Powers to Magistrates of Counties to extend to those a Counties of Town*, &c. limitation of Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

General Issue,

Power to fugged on Recora that Ad ion was brought for Matter under Ad.

54 GEO. III.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace shall not take Cognizance of any Offence whatsoever, save only the Offence of being idle and disorderly Persons under this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to take away from such Court such Powers of fining or ini-prisoning in a summary way for Contempts or other Misconduct, or of removing or puniffiitig any Peace Officer or Officers of such Court, as are incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who shall take any Information against any Person or Person*, for any Offence of which the Cognizance is by this Act given to the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, shall immediately return every such Information to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, who shall forthwith lay the same before the said Court.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Magistrates of the adjacent Counties at huge respectively, to execute this Act within the several Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin; and in like manner, that the several Magistrates of such Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall have like Power to execute this Act in the adjacent Counties at large.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magistrates of Counties at large, under and by this Act, shall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magistrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

[Treble Costs.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Aftkm, Suit, Plaint or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or hid within the County where the Act was committed; and such Person so sued may plead the General Mae of Not Guilty, and upon I floe joined may give this Act and the spedai Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonfuk, or forbear Prw-fecution, or foffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover

XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may arise whether any such Action, Suit, Plaint or Information, was so commenced or prosecuted against the Defendant or Defendants therein* for what he or they did in pursuance or Execution of this Act; Be it enacted, That in all cases where there shall be a Verdict for the Defendant, if it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the said Cause shall have been tried, that the same was prosecuted for any Act done in pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Judge or Court shall certify the same on the Record, and thereupon loch Treble Costs shall be adjudged as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or differ a Discontinuance, or if Judgment shall pass against him o* Demurrer, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, to luggeff on the Record that such Action, Suit, Plant or Information, was brought against such Defendant or Defendants for

what

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 180.

937

what he or they did in pursuance or Execution of this Act, which Suggestion may be traversed by the Plaintiff, if he shall think proper so to do, and Issue being joined thereupon, the same shall be tried at Nif) Prius, according to the usual Course of such Court on 1 Hues joined therein; and if such Suggestion shall not be traversed, or, being traversed, the Issue thereon shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall thereupon be entitled to his or their Treble Costs as aforesaid, together with Treble Costs of the Treble Costs, said Suggestion and of the Proceedings thereon (if any), and if such Issue shall be found for the said Plaintiff, he shall be entitled to the Costs of the said Suggestion, and the Proceedings thereon; and the same shall be set off against the Costs to be adjudged to the Defendant or Defendants making such Suggestion on such Action, Plaint or Information, and the Judgment shall be for the Balance of the said Costs, if any.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Where Verdict

a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff, in any Action to be brought for Plaintiff, if against any Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or other Person for Judge certifies taking or imprisoning, or detaining any Person, or for seizing Arms ^aWe Cause or entering Houses under Colour of any Authority given by this for do; ng Act, and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges before whom the 6d. Damages,

same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for doing the and no Costs.

Act complained of in such Action, and the Judge or Court shall

certify the same on Record, then and in that case the Plaintiff*shall not be entitled to more than Six pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit: Provided also, that where a Verdict shall be given where Act for the Plaintiff in any such Action as aforesaid, and the Judge or maliciously com-Court before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the nutted.

Record, that the Injury for which such Action is brought, was ^reWe Coftfc

wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Lord Lieutenant lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Gover- may revoke nors of Ireland for the time being, by a new Proclamation, to be Proclamation*, made by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to revoke any Proclamation issued in pursuance of this Act, as to the whole or any Part of the District thereby proclaimed; which new Proclamation shall be forthwith transmitted by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall notify the same to the said Court of Sessions of the Peace forthwith, if the said Court shall be actually fitting when he shall receive the same, and if not, then at the next Sitting of such Court, and such Court shall thereupon cause the same to be read in open Court; and on such new Proclamation being so read, the original Proclamation mentioned therein, shall forthwith (land and be revoked, so far as the said new Proclamation shall purport to revoke the same; and if no Part of such County shall then remain proclaimed, such Special Sessions of the Peace shall forthwith cease and determine.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful i, or(j Lieute-for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of nant may order Ireland for the time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money Commentation to as lie or they shall think proper, to be advanced out of the Con- Serjeantl Liw folidated Fund, to every such Serjeant at Law, Counsel learned so 01 rou the Law or Assistant Barrister, or Person doing the Duty of such

Afliftaat

938

Grand Juries may present for Expences incurred in Execution of At\.

Act not to lessen Powers of Magistrates, &c. under c. 131. ante.

C. 180. 54. GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Assistant Barrister, who shall preside or be present in such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace aforesaid, as a Compensation for such his Time and Trouble.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County in which such Special Sessions shall be held, at the next ensuing Assizes, and for the Grand Juries at the next Presenting Terms for the County and County of the City of Dublin, in case such Special Sessions of the Peace shall be held therein respectively, and they are respectively hereby reauired, to present a Sum to be raised off the County, if the whole thereof shall be so proclaimed 5 and if not, then off such Part thereof as shall be so proclaimed, for the Purposes following; that is to say, in the first Place to repay to the said Consolidated Fund the said Sum or Sums so advanced to any such Serjeant at Law, Counsel learned in the Law, or Assistant Barrister, or Person doing his Duty as aforesaid; and in the next Place to pay to the Acting Clerk of the Peace of such County, after the Rate of One Guinea for each Day he shall be employed in attending any such Special Sessions of the Peace, which he shall personally attend; and in the next Place, such Sum as may be necessary to pay the Expences of fending Prisoners to Gaol under the Provisions of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Three pence per Mile for each Constable and Assistant, which the Person or Persons who shall sign the Warrant of Commitment shall certify to have been ordered by him or them to go with such Prisoner: and lastly, all such Sums as may be reauifite to defray the Expences necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act, and the said Sums, shall be so raised and paid accordingly; and the Amount of the said Sum so advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, shall, when raised be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Collector of Excise for the District 5 and no other Presentment shall be hated by the Judge or Court at such Assizes or Presenting Term respectively, until such Presentment shall first have been made by the said Grand Jury thereat.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, at any time to take away or abridge or lessen the Powers given to any Magistrate or Chief Constable or other Constable, under or by virtue 0? any Ad patted or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain cases; or to alter or affect any Proclamation or other Proceedings to be had under any such Act in any County, which shall at any time be proclaimed under the Provisions of this present Act; but that Proclamations and other Proceedings may be had in any County in Ireland, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, distinct from or concurrently with the Proclamations and Proceedings under this Act, as may from time to time be thought expedient by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that the Magistrates, Chief Constables and other Constables, to be appointed under any foefc Act, may aft in the Execution of such Act in any County to be proclaimed under this Act; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, and as if this Act had net been had or made.

C.i8o, 181.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

939

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take Effect, Commencement and be in Force, from and after the passing thereof, and shall con- atld Contimi-tinuc in force for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the allce * then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXXI.

An Act to render more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it would conduce greatly to the Maintenance of Peace and good Order in Ireland, if the several Modes of

obtaining Redress for Assaults were more easy and less expensive

to the Prosecutors on Indictments, and to the Plaintiffs in Actions,

for such Injuries; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from In all cases ?n and after the passing of this Act, in all cases in which, as the Law which Action now Hands, an Action may be brought in any of His Majesty's Su"

Superior Courts in Dublin, for any Alfault, whether with Battery footfaults'* and Wounding, or either of them, or not, if the Plaintiff or Plain- where Damages tiffs shall think proper to lay the Damages at the Sum of Five laid at Five Guineas or any less Sum, then and in every such case it shall and may Guinreas or un" be lawful to and for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to proceed for the

Recovery of such Damages by Civil Bill before the Assistant Bar- Of Damages, by*

riller at the Quarter Sessions for the County where the Fact shall be Civil Bill at*

committed, or other Judge or Court having Jurisdiction to try Quarter Sessions.

Actions by Civil Bill, and within whose Jurisdiction the Fad! shall have been committed, save and except Manor Courts; and the Judge of such Court shall have full Power to hold Plea thereof, and the same shall and may be proceeded on in like manner, in all re-

spedfs, and the like Decree or Judgment and Execution shall and

may be had thereon, and also the like Benefit of Appeal, and of

Proceedings, Judgment and Execution thereon, as in case of any other Demand to the same Amount may now by Law be had or

used in such Courts.

II. And be it enacted, That the Judgment or Decree on such Decree 00 Cavil Civil Bill or Appeal shall and maybe pleaded or otherwise retied Bill pleaded in on as a Bar to any other Proceedings for or by reason of such b*1 of ot.her Assault, or any Consequence arising therefrom, in the same manner,

in all respects, as a Judgment to the same Effect in any of His Majesty's fa; d Superior Courts could or might be pleaded or relied on, and no further.

III. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons In case of Con-shall be convicted in Ireland on any Indictment for an Alfault, viction for Af-whether with or without Battery and Wounding, or either of them, f*uh

the Judge or Court before whom or in which such Conviction Audi be ^Jjudgment, lln had, over and above and in Addition to the Judgment which he or adapted to Of-they shall think properly adapted to such Offence, shall, if such fence, adjudge Judge or Court shall in his or their Discretion think fit so to do, Costs.

order and adjudge that the Amount of the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, and such Allowance for the Loss of time of the Person in attending thereon, as shall be deemed reasonable to be ascertained by Affidavit, or by such Enquiry or Examination as the said Judge

or

94

C. 181, 182.

Direction* as to adjudging and levying Costs,

& c.

WantofDif trefson which to levy Costs, Icr. levied off Barony.

Prosecutor competent Witness.

41 O. 3. (U.K.) c. 103. continued.

54 GEO. III. A. 0.1814.

or Court shall think fit, be paid by the Defendant or Defendants to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; and such Judge or Court shall in such case, also order and adjudge, that such Defendant or Defendants be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum be sooner paid, over and above and independent of such Imprisonment (if any) as such Court or Judge shall otherwise think proper to award.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Sum so to be ordered and adjudged for Costs, Expences and Loss of time, shall not in any case exceed the Amount of the actual and necessary Expences of such Prosecution, and a moderate Compensation for the Loss of time of the Prosecutor, having reference to all the circumstances of the Prosecution; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of such Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order and direct that such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Defendant, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner 5 and in case such Sum shall be levied by such Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels of such Defendant, such Defendant shall in such case be discharged from any additional Imprisonment to which he shall have been sentenced until the Sum should be paid.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where it shall appear that any such Defendant has not any Goods or Chattels on which such Sum can be levied for Costs and Expences as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at the Assizes at which such Thai shall be had, to make a Presentment for levying such Sum so ordered and adjudged to be paid from off the Barony or Parish in which any such Assault shall have been committed, and the same shall be levied accordingly, in like manner as other Sums presented by any Grand Jury, and shall be paid to the Prosecutor by the Treasurer of the County within which such Barony or Parish shall be situate; and the Defendant or Defendants shall in such case undergo and fuJfer the full term of Imprisonment to which such Defendant or Defendants shall have been sentenced for Nonpayment of such Costs and Expences.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be in any wise construed to prevent, any such Prosecutor from being a competent Witness on the Trial of any such Indictment.

CAP. CLXXXII. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for regulating the Trade to the Isle of Malta: and to revive and continue for the same Period, several Acts relating to the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain.

[30th July 1814.]

"t T7 WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned is near expiring and fit to be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Idoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coo-sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prt-sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

intituled

941

intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until the Jtgning of a Definitive Treaty of Peace and from thence until Sin Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Isle of Malta to he part of Europe; which, by Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty fourth^ct 1U

Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was continued until Six 3.

Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall 44 G* 3- c*4* be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth 3]

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

II. And Whereas the Laws herein after mentioned have expired*

and it is expedient that the same should be revived and continued

Be it therefore enacted, That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year G

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize revved and17'

His Majesty during the present War to make Regulations respc3ing continued.

the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, shall from and after the Expiration of the said Act be revived, and the same

is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

III. And be it enacted, That an Act made in the Forty third 43 g.3. c. 134. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the revived and Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respe3 to the bringing and land- continued. eng certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities, shall from and after the Expiration of the said Act be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. CLXXXIII.

An Act to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excise on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of 43 0.3. c. 69. the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Sch. C.

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and another 47 0.3. SeflT.*. % Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said c. 30. $1.

present Majesty, certain Allowances are made for Salt, used, em- ploved, spent and consumed by Bleachers of Linen or Cotton.inEngland and Scotland respectively in the making of Oxygenated < Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton;

and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign 5a G. 3. 0.107. of His said present Majesty, an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties payable on Salt is made to Bleachers of Cotton Yarn or*Twist, for such Salt as is used, employed, spent and consumed by them in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the Purpose of being made use of in the Bleaching of Linen or Cotton Yarn or*Twist s And Whereas in Ireland* an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties payable on Salt is made to Makers or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid (whether such Makers or Manufac- turers are Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, or of Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or not), for such Salt as is used, employed, spent or consumed by them in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, and great Quantities of a certain Preparation of Muriatic Acid, called Bleaching Powder, made and prepared from Salt, for which an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties payable thereon has been

made

Countervailing Duty on Blenching Powder imported from Ireland into England sod Scotland.

Paid by Importer*.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

Entry made

with Collector of Excise within 21 Days after Arrival of Vessel importing Bleaching Powder.

Negfecting to make Entry.

Forfeited.

C. 183. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

made in Ireland, to such Makers or Manufacturers of the Oxyge-

nated Muriatic Acid from whence such Bleaching Powder has

been made and prepared, have been imported into Great Britain, to the manifest Injury of the Manufacture of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in Great Britain, and to countervail the Duty paid for the

Salt made use of in Great Britain by the Makers or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, and not being Bleachers of Linen

or Cotton, or of Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, it is expedient to 1 impose the Duty herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Hundred Weight of Bleaching Powder made in Ireland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, a Countervailing Duty of One Pound Five Shillings; and for every Hundred Weight of"*Bleaching Powder made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Scotland, a Countervailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Six pence, and so in Proportion, as the case may require, for any greater or less Quantity of such Bleaching Powder imported into England or Scotland respectively; and which said Duties respectively shall be paid by the Importers of such Bleaching Powder before the Landing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Countervailing Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great firi-tain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions by any Act or Act of Parliament in force relating to the Payment of the Countervailing Duties of Excise for or in respect of any Goods or Commodities made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any Bleaching Powder made or manufactured in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain shall, within Twenty one Days next after the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel in which any such Bleaching Powder shall be so imported, within the Port in that Part of the United Kingdom into which such Bleaching Powder shall be imported, make due Entry with the Collector of Excise of the said Port of al such Bleaching Powder on board such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Import Duties of Excise by this Act imposed for or in respect of luck Bleaching Powder, and land the lame; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees flafi neglect or refuse to make such Entiy, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Bleadiing Powder within such Twenty one Days, all such Bleaching Powder shall be forfeited, together with the Calks and

Packago

943

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 183.

not conveyed from Scotland to England.

Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Enties so to be made Entrie* tofpe-

of any Bleaching Powder made or manufactured in Ireland, and im- cy ported from thence into Great Britain, the Number of Calks and

other Packages containing such Bleaching Powder, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them on board of each respec-

tive Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported shall be inserted, on Pain, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, to forfeit all Penalty, such Bleaching Powder, with the Calk or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties carried Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raffing and Consolidated accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid un '

into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster> and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Bleaching Powder made Irish Bleaching or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence Powder into Scotland, shall be removed or carried from thence into that nnt crmyt Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Calk or other Package containing the same 5 and aUo the Vessel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in such Removal or Carriage thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers, or Maken of Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in Oxygenated Great Britain shall fell, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or cause, difoSfetf procure, permit or suffer to be sold, delivered or otherwise disposed Refiduum^c. of to any Chymist, or to any Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or of any Material to any Maker or Makers of Soap, or to any Person or Persons what- use<i in Manu-soever for the Use of or in Trull for any such Chymist or Maker or facture thereof Makers of Glauber Salt, or Maker or Makers of Soap, the Whole

or any Part of the Residuum, Caput mortuum, Refuse or Remains of any Salt or other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any such Salt or Residuum, Caput mortuum, Refuse or Remains, or any Part thereof; and if apy Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in Great Britain shall fell, deliver or otherwise dispose of, to any Chymist, or to any Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or to any Maker or Makers of Soap, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever for the Use of or in Trust for any such Chymist or Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or Maker or Makers of Soap, the Whole or any Part of the Residuum, Caput mortuum, Refuse or Remains of any Salt, or other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Aid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any such Salt or Residuum, Caput mortuum, Refuse or Remains; then and in each and every such case the Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hun- Ptniky. dred Pounds.

944

A.D. 1814.

Who deemed Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. c. extended to A a.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners for examining

C/i83> 184. 54O GEO. III.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers, and Manufacturer or Manufacturers in Great Britain of Muriate of Lime, or any other Chymical Preparation, the elTen-tial or operative Ingredient of which is Muriatic Acid, shall be deemed and takeu to be a Maker or Makers, and Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid within the Meaning of tins Ad.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fiae, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same*

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King C bar lee the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, amd Tenures ia Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance* amdforfettling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Lavs now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, arc pro* 1 vided or established for managing, raising, levying, coUeding', mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby impoied, or any of them, shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excise by this Act impoied, tad for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Inteatt and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reloaded in this prrirct Ad.

CAP. CLXXXIV.

An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years*

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for a speedy and effectual Examination and Audit in Great Britain of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Colonies or Settlements of Ceylon* Mmritiutf Malta and Trinidad, and the Caps of Good Hope f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and vrid the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mi Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty iron time to time to appoint Three Commissioners, by Letters Pud: under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for examining the Publx

Acooi^Ui

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 184. 94J

Accounts of all Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and other Public Accounts of Officers and Servants, and of all other Persons whatever, who have Potions con-been or shall or may be concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of cen|j,: (1'n the Colonial Revenues in the said Colonies of Ceylon, Mauritius, eoloniafRe-Malta, Triridad and the Cape of Good Hope, or in the Receipt or venues of Expenditure of any Sums granted by the Parliament of Great Bri Cevloo, &c. tain, in Aid of those Revenues respectively, and also for examining the Public Accounts of all Governors, Lieutenant Governors and other Public Officers and Servants, and of all other Persons whatever who have been or shall or may be concerned the Receipt or Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues of any other Colonies or Dominions subject to The Crown of Great Britain, or in the Receipt or Expenditure of any Sums granted by the Parliament of Great Britain, in Aid of those Revenues, which Accounts the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may deem it expedient to refer to the Commissioners for Examination; and by the said Letters Patent, to grant to the said Commissioners such Salaries as His Majesty may Salaries, think fit, not exceeding for the Person first named in the said Commission, the annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, and for such of the other Commissioners, the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds; such Salaries respectively to be payable out of the Revenues, and in the manner herein after directed. v

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Officers and Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, C.lerkj3J^>int-may appoint such Secretary or Secretaries, Officers and Clerks, and "madeov, f-other Persons, to aid and assist the Commissioners to be appointed as them, aforesaid under this Act, as may from time to time be necessary; and

may allow them such Salaries as shall be proper; and also such reasonable Sums for the incidental Charges and Expences of their Office, as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may think fit; such Salaries, Charges and Expences respectively to be paid out of the Revenues, and in the manner herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the respective Salaries of How Salaries the said Commissioners, and of their Secretary, Officers and Clerks, paid.

and the incidental Charges and Expences of their Office, shall be a Charge upon, and shall be. borne and defrayed by and out of the respective Revenues of the said Colonies of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta,

'Trinidad and the Cape of Good Hope> in such Proportions, and shall be paid and remitted thereon in such manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall fronl time to time direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to To take Oath be appointed under this Act shall, before they shall enter upon the before Chan-Execution of the Power vested in them by this Act, take an Oath c^Jr before the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Great Britain, which the c C<lucr* said Chancellor of the Exchequer is hereby authorized and required

to administer; the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, that, according to the bell of my Skill and Oath.

Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by virtue of an Act, [here insert the Title of the

54 Gjsoi III. 3 P And

A.D. 1814.

9A6

Commissioner to administer Oath to Officers, &e.

Oath.

When Commissioners to commence Enquiry.

Commissioners subjod to Re-gitldt ons as Commissioners of Public Accounts under % S 0.3. c, 5i.

39 G. 3. c. 83.

39*40 G. 3.

c. 54.

45 G. 3. C. 55.

46 G. 3. c. M1*

47 G. 3. Sess. % e-39*

Provifa.

C. 184. 54 GEO. III.

And the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby authorized to administer to every of the Officers and Clerks, wno shall be appointed to ad under them as before directed, and such Officers and Clerks are required, before they enter upon the Execution of their Duties under this Act, to take the following Oath:

' T / 5. do swear, That, according to the bed of my Abilities, I will faithfully execute the Duties of my Office, and be obedient to the Orders I may receive from my lawful Superiors.*

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners fbaT take up and commence the Examination of the several Accounts of the said respective Colonies, from such Period as the Commissioners of Kis Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall by Warrant under their Hands direct or appoint,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to b? appointed under the Authority of this Act, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby invelled with, and shall have, uic and exercise, all the Powers and Authorities as to the Examination of all Accounts submitted to their Investigation, and as to all Accountants, Sub Accountants, and other Persons concerned in such Accounts, and as to all Matters and Things in any wise relatirg thereto, or the Examination thereof, or to Accountants, Sub Accountants, or other Persons concerned therein, as the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts are inveiled with, or row* hsv?, use or exercise, or are subject and liable to, under an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present intituled An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Ac: \ts of this Kingdom; and another Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for trreferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Account: tb; Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the J.rJ Revenue; and for directing the Mode of atteffing the Accounts cf thi Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; and another Act pafkd in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually charging Public Account ants with Payment of Interest; and for allowing Inter iff ft them in certain Cases; and for compelling the Payment of Balzzcu due from them; and another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Az made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; esi for enabling the Commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of Voucher* although not ffamped according to Law; and another Act paffird b the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making more effectual Proviffon for the more speedy arj regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts cf this dom; and another Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of Ite present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually charging Ptth- Accountants with Inter eff upon Balances; and for other Purptffi relating to the passing of Public Accounts: in so far at such Powers and Authorities, Controul, Regulations and Directions, are or tmt be applicable to the Accounts to be examined under the Proviftcss of this Act: Provided always, 'that nothing in this Act contaircd shall authorize such Conuffiffionen appointed by virtue thereof t*

preparr

A.D. 1814.

C. 184.

94 7

54 GEO. III.

prepare or present for Declaration any Account of any Accountant*

Sub Accountant, or Person set Insuper, or other Person which shall have been examined by them, and which shall have been certified by them in the manner directed by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution of Meeting of -this present Act, the Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance

hereof, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized to meet and fit from time to time in such Place or Places within this Kingdom as shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings or Records, relating to any of the Matters to be enquired into, examined and investigated as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution all the Purposes of this Act; all which Persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be appointed by such Precept or Precepts 5 and to perform, fulfil and obey all such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners shall make and give, in Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to them.

VIII. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examine Commissioners tions as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That oa*mme * it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and other Persons authorized to execute this Act, and they and each of them are and is

hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons whom they shall find occasion to call before them to be examined, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Statement of Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are pC^e^,nd hereby required from time to time, when and as soon as the Exami- t|^rgon tran nation of any Account shall have been completed by them, to make nutted to Trei-up and transmit a Statement thereof to the Commissioners of His fury. Majesty's Treasury for the time being; specifying all the Details

forming the Charge and Discharge of such Accounts, and specifying all Sums disallowed by them therein, and also all Sums which in their Opinion ought to be set Insuper in such Account, upon any Person concerned therein; and if the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall approve of the said Statement of such Account, it shall be lawful for them to submit to IT is Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Warrant for the Royal Sign Manual, allowing the said Accounts, and discharging the Accountant from rendering any further Account, in respect of any Sums of Money comprised therein, upon Payment of any Balance due; unless it shall appear to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's 'Preasury, or any Three or more of them, necessary or expedient, in order to recover or effectually secure any Balance due on such Account, that the same should be declared before His Majesty

<Jhancellor of the Exchequer according to the Course of the Exchequer; in which case the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall transmit the said Statement, together with their Warrant, to the Comiiiillionertt for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, to

3 P

prepare

A.D. 1814.

94*

0* 184.

54 GEO. III.

Attendance of

\V undies 2nd Production of Accounts.

Persons neglect-inc to attend, or produce Accounts, or rest'ft ng to be Kvurn, or to

prepare the same for Declaration; who are hereby authorized to make up and prepare for Declaration, such Accounts in Conformity to such Statements or Warrants, without any further Examination or Investigation of such Accounts, or any Vouchers relating thereto, unlefa any further Examination and Investigation of such Accounts, or of any Part thereof, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, shall appear to them to be necessary; in which case they shall report their Opinion thereon to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and proceed in such Examination and Investigation; and the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts are hereby authorised and directed to cause all Sums which shall be specified as Su: r$ which ought to be set Insuper in any such Statement as aforesaid and which shall appear to them to be proper to be set Insuper*to be Jo set Insuper on the several Persons therein mentioned, or in tbr Warrants accompanying the same; unless upon such further Exam> nation as aforesaid, it shall not appear to them to be proper that such Sums should be so set Insuper; and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things, for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting in Charge as Public Accountants or Sub Accountants, all Ter-ions liable to be put in Charge upon such Accounts, in order to the securing and recovering all Sums of Money due on the same, in like manner as if the said Accounts had been examined, and Statements thereof made by the said Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the hid Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, and they are hereby required, whenever it shall appear to them that any Person or Persons ought to account for any Money that may have passed through his or their Hands forthwith to transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Name or Names of every such Person or Persons, together with the Ground and Reasons for their Opinion, that it would be fit and proper that such Person or Persons should be made Public Accountants; and if the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should agree thereto, they are hereby required D ifiiie their Warrant or Warrants, directing the said Commissioner; to be appointed under this Act, or the Commissioners for Auditing* the Public Accounts of Great Britain, to call upon and require ihcL Person or Persons to deliver in their Accounts regularly attested, within a reasonable time, to be limited by such Commissioners reiptc-tively; and such Person or Persons shall be compelled so to deiW in their Accounts, in like manner as if he or they had been re turned Insuper in any Account declared before His Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer; and the said Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act are also hereby directed to proceed in the Examination of such Accounts, and to transmit the Statements thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Purpose of having the same either allowed by His Majesty's Sign Manual Warrant, or prepared for Declaration, in the manner hereinbefore directed wkb respect to other Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of Perse summoned to appear under the Powers of this Act shall wilfufj neglect or refute to appear in obedience to such Summons or Pr-cept, or to bring or produce any such Accounts, Books, Papers Writings or Records as aforesaid, that shall be in his, her or the*

Pul-

C. 184;

949

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III.

Possession, Custody or Power, and which he, she or they shall have answrerOuef-

been required by such Summons or Precept to produce, or shall refuse tious, committed

to be sworn, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to aflirm, or being

sworn, or being Quakers, having affirmed, shall refuse to answer any

lawful Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any

of the Matters aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, in this Kingdom,

and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and iflfue

their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for taking

and apprehending any such Person or Persons, and committing him,

her or them to such Prison as they shall think fit, there to remair\

without Bail or Mainprize, until he, ffic or they shall submit to be

examined, touching or concerning all such Matters and Things ne-

cessary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, or to make such Productions as aforesaid, as the case may be.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Accountants, Sub Ac- Accountants un-countants, and other Persons concerned in any Accounts, or in any Proceedings whatever, that shall be enquired into or examined under 0rmer* this Act, shall and they are hereby required to demean themselves in

such manner, in all Respects, and to do all such Matters and Things as by the said recited Acts of the Twenty fifth and Forty sixth X5G*3*c-5* Years aforesaid arc directed and required in the case of Persons exa-^c*, 41* mined before the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Acts, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Breach, Nonperformance, Failure or Neglect thereof, as by virtue of the said recited Acts they would have been subject and liable to, in case such Accounts had been under the Examination of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Acts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Perjury. Persons in the Course of their Examination upon Oath or, being Quakers, upon Affirmation before any such Commissioners appointed under this Act, or any Two of them as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons shall be and is

and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commis- Commissioners fioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act, who shall receive any not eligible to Salary for the Execution of his Duty as such Commissioner, shall, ^ntParl, a- during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or

of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of shall be brought against any of the said Commissioners, or any other A^lous

Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever

done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing: Provided also that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against an j Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General I (Tue, and give this Act and General Issue, the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, pr if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such

3 P 3 Defendant

95 0

C. 184, 185.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[Treble Costs.]

Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like remedy as where Cods by Law are given to Defendants.

Continuance of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue ia Force for Five Years and no longer.

CAP. CLXXXV.

An Act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of British-made Cordage.

[30th July 1014.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of j?r/7//o-made Cordage; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majrdv, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Bounty paid on Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Exportation of there shall he paid and allowed for and upon every Hundred Weight, Suj e Cor age. containjllg Que hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, of Supie Cordage wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain, fron Foreign rough Hemp legally imported into Great Brit air., (except from Hemp, the Growth or Produdtien of the British Colon; -$ or Plantations in America, of the East Indies?or China, or imported by the East India Company), which shall be really and truly exported out of Great Britain by way of Merchandize, to Parts bcyor.d the Seas (except to Ireland, the ljle of Man> and the I Hands of Fan 01f Ferro) the Allowances or Bounties described and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), which said Allowances cr Bounties shall be paid to the Person or Persons so exporting the lame by the Collector of the Customs of the Port from whence the f?rw shall be exported, on a Debenture to be made out by the Collector according to the Entry of the Goods and the Shipping thereof, certified by the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation; provided that before any such Bounties or Allowances are pa d the Exporter of such Cordage shall make Oath on the Debenture before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port (which Oath they are respectively hereby authorized and required to administer), that the said Cordage is wrought up and manufactured in Great Brhxty from Foreign rough Hemp, not the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or of the East Indie: cr China, nor imported by the East India Company, and that the Dutio due on the Importation thereof were duly paid, and that the L.d Cordage is really and truly intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas as Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship during her then Voyage, or any future Voyage, and not relanded or intended to Bond given for be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in Ireland, the due Exportation. jjc 0j or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; and such Exporter,

with the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge os Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board which such Cordag? shall be intended to be exported, shall give Security by Bond in the Value of the said Cordage (which Security the Collector is hereby empowered to take in the Name and to the Use of His Majesty, kis Heirs and Successors) that such Cordage so shipped, or intended

Oath made that Cordage is fnanuiallured in

G. B.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 185. 951

be shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Place of Great Britain, or landed in Ireland, the Isle of Man, or to the Islands of Faro or Ferro, and such Security shall be discharged in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof within Six Months from the Date of the Bond; and within Eighteen Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of His Majesty's Plantations in Africa or America; and within Thirty Months lor such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Go A Hope; which said Certificate for such Cordage as aforesaid, as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Cuiloms there, importing that such Goods were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such Cordage as aforesaid, as shall be entered for the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, if such Officer or Officers shall be residing in those Islands respectively, and for want of such Officer residing the re, then by the Governor of those Islands or Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and for such Cordage as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other Foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of Two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Cordage was there landed, or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof in either of the said cases, that such Goods were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively for the time being.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Tn what case Bounty shall be allowed or paid to any Person or Persons whatever, unly no11-by virtue of this Act, upon the Exportation of any untarred or twice

laid Cordage, nor unless the Quantity exported shall be Three Tons Weight at the lead.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel on Vefll-Is to have board of which any Cordage shall be shipped for Exportation in sufficient Quan-order to obtain the Bounty or Allowance hereinbefore granted, shall and is hereby required to have on board (over and above the Quantity cVtr,

entered for Exportation) a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the cd for Export'Ll fc of such Ship or Vessel according to the nature of the Voyage, ation. for which no Bounty shall be allowed, and such Ship or Vessel, before clearing at any Port of Great Britain, shall be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at such Port, who shall not permit or suffer her to set fail on her Voyage if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Vessel, independent of and besides the Quantity entered for the Bounty, and such Officer or Officers shall be and is and are hereby authorized and required to detain such Ship or Vessel, and to prevent her from failing upon her intended Voyage until there shall be provided a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or

3 P 4 Vessel*

952

Entry not permitted unless Certificitc pro duced that Cordage has been refilled by N<uy Board.

[Penalty.]

Searcher to examine Packages, finding Goods entered under wrong Denomination or less in Quantity, forfeited.

fxpouef.

[Penalty.]

Onus probandi.

Cordage reland-Cu loiicited, &c.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

c. 185. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 18x4.

Vessel, according to the nature of the Voyage in which such Ship or Vessel shall be intended to proceed, besides the Cordage entered as aforesaid for Exportation in order to obtain the Bounty.

IV. And, in order to prevent any Inconvenience which raav arise by the Exportation of Cordage, be it further enacted, That no Entry shall be permitted to pass for the Exportation of any such Cordage, or the Vessel having on board such Cordage be permitted to go out of Port, unless a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them, signifying that such Cordage hath been tendered to them for the Use of His Majesty's Dock Yards, at the fair and then Market Price of such Cordage in London, and that the same hath been refused by that Board; and if any Person or Persons shall pass an Entry for such Cordage without having such Certificate produced to him or them, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and Jose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And, for the better preventing Frauds in the entering the said Goods, to the Prejudice of the Revenue, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher or other prop-T Officer of the Customs, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or after the Shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any Bail, Quoil, or other Package, as now by Law they may do, to fee if the Goods are right entered, and if on such Examination the same shall be found to be right entered, the Officer shall at his own Charge cause the ferae to be repacked to the Satisfaction of the Exporter, which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs if they think it reasonable; but in case the said Officer shall find such Goods or any Part thereof entered under a wrong Denomination, or to be less in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter's Indorsement upon the Entry of such Cordage, whereby His Majesty would have been defrauded in the Allowance to be paid on the Exportation thereof, such Goods so wrong entered shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Exporter or Owner of such Goods shall also forfeit the Value thereof, to be prosecuted and divided as herein after mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif--pute shall arise concerning the said Cordage; that is to fey, whether the same was made in Great Britain, or is entitled to the Bounty granted by this A &, the onus proban cli shall be on the Exporter, Claimer or Owner thereof, and not on the Officer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Cordage shipped to be exported, for which a Bounty or Allowance is hereby made, shall be relanded or unshipped in any Port or Place ia Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the I (lands of Faro or Ferro, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, unless it be in case of Distress to save the said Goods from perishing, the Goods (over and above the Penalty of the Bond to be levied and recovered to His Majesty's Use as aforesaid) and Treble the Value of such Goods shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in the manner herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Exchequer at

953

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 185, 186.

Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Edoin, Protection, Privilege,

Wager of Law, dr more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of The King's Majesty, and the other to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue for or prosecute for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall General Issue. be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited#r discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Treble Costs. - ' the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases of Law*

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

; A SCHEDULE of Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of

British-made Staple Cordage.

For every Hundred Weight containing H2lbs. Weight of Staple Cordage, wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain from Foreign rough Hemp (except from Hemp of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, of the F/aft Indies or China, or imported by the East India Company) on which the Duties of Culloms due upon the Importation of such Hemp after the 15th Day of April 1813 have been fully paid, a Bounty of -

For every Hundred Weight of Staple Cordage wrought up and manufactured from the like Description of Hemp on which the Duties of Customs due upon the Importation thereof on or before the 15th Day of April 1813 have been fully paid, a Bounty of -

Bounties.

s d

- O 7 8i

o 6 6

CAP. CLXXXVI.

An Act for the more easy apprehending and trying of Offenders, escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

[3cth July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His li G'3' c-3* \t \ present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws of the Two Parts of the United Kingdom: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty 44 G. 3.0.92. fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trialy Offenders

escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also i from one County to another: And Whereas another Act passed in

the

C. 186.

45 G. 3. c-9*.

AS G-3- -9-i j, 6. repealed.

Warrants indorsed and atfed upon in either Country.

13C;. 3. c. 31. & I)

Judges, in either Country, to indorse Letters of vSecond Diligence.

54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial,

Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another: And Whereas it is expedient that the Restriction, in the said last recited Act contained, as to the Warrants to be indorsed under the said recited Acts, should be repealed, and that further Provision should be made for apprehending and Trial of Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said last recited Act as enacts, that it shall not be lawful for any Judge or Justice to indorse any Warrant, unless the same shall appear to have issued, if in England or Ireland, upon some Indictment found or Information filed, or if in Scotland, upon some Libel or Criminal Letters raised and passed under the Signet of the Court of Justiciary, against the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, or unless the same shall appear to have issued in respect of some Capital Crime or Felony mentioned in such Warrant; and that in all cases in which any Warrant or Certificate shall be required to be acted upon in any Part of the United Kingdom, other than that in which the same was originally issued, it shall not be lawful for any Court, or ar.y Judge or Justice, to proceed to enforce or aft upon the same, until it shall be proved upon Oath to such Court, Judge or Justice, that the Seal, Signet and Signature upon the same are the Seal, Signet and Signature respectively of the Court, Judge or Justice, whose Seal, Signet, and Signature the same respectively purport to be, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Warrants issued in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, may and shall be indorsed and executed, and enforced and a cud upon, in any Part of the United Kingdom, in such and the like manner as is directed by the said first recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Warrants issued or granted in England and Scotland respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Provisions of the said Act were in this Act severally and separately repeated and re-enacted and made Part of this Act, as to every Part of the United Kingdom, and as to ail Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs' Officers, Constables or other Officer or Officers of the Peace in Ireland, as well as in England and Scotland respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ary Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster, of the Court of Sessions in the County Palatine of Chester, or of any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or for any Judge in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, to indorse any Letters of Second Diligence issued in Scotland, for compelling the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses resident in England, Wales or Ireland, upon any Criminal Trial in Scotland; and such Letters shall upon such Indorsement have the like Force and Efieft as the same

955

A.D. 1814 54 GEO. III. C. 18(5, 187.

would have in Scotland, and shall entitle the Bearer thereof to apprehend the Witness or Witnesses mentioned therein, and to convey such Witness or Witnesses to Scotland, for the Purposes of the Trial or Trials in respect of which such Letters shall have been issued, without any Tender of any Expence or Expences of any such Witness or Witnesses; any thing contained in the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLXXXVII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of Jane One thousand eight hundred and twenty and to amend several Acts for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and its Vicinity.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty ninth and 39 & 4CG. 3.

Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- c. 87. tituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames: And Whereas another ' Act was made and passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present 47 3- x.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue^ until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend 1 an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the*River Thames, and its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of 1 Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames; which said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty is now expired, and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts (Tumid be revived, continued and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Public Office, established in PuMicOfflc-e.it pursuance of the said Act of th" Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year ^appngcoa-of His Majesty's Reign, near Wapping New Stairs, in the Parish of l*mutd*

Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, under the Name of The Thames Police Office, shall be, from and after the passing of this Act, revived, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and he continued; and that the several Persons heretofore appointed by His Majesty by virtue of the said Act to execute the Office of Justices of the Peace at the said Public Office, shall continue to execute the same, and shall be and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of all Acts done by them as such Justices, or under and by virtue and in pursuance of the Provisions,

Powers and Authorities in the said Act contained, since the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in such and the same manner in every respect and purpose as if the Power, Authority and Provision of the said Acts, and all Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained had been continued before the Expiration thereof.

956

On Vacancy of Justice another appointed.

Attendance.

Regulations

mr-.de lor conducting Office.

Account of Fee* and of Pen.titles levied kept, and delivered month'y to Receiver, vct.'fied on Oath.

Penalties payable to His Majesty accounted for to Receiver.

C. 187.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, upon any Vacancy by Death or otherwise of any of the said Three Justices, to appoint other fit and proper Persons, being Justices of the Peace for the Counties of j\TiJ-dlefcxi Surry, Kent and Essex, and also for the City and Liberty of lYej}mivjler> and the Liberty of the Tower of London, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place: Provided always, that One or more of the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at the said Public Office every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that Two of the said Justices so appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like manner attend together at the said Office from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by std with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, to make such Alteration in the Place wfiere the said Public Office shall be situated, or to make such Alteration in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the same, as he or they from time to time may think proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices so appointed to attend at the said Public Office as aforesaid, and their Clerks, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at the said Office, which Fees they are hereby authorized to take, receive and apply in the manner herein after named; as also of all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied or received in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction or order had or made at the said Public Office, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same; and also of all other Sum and Sums of Money which shall be at any time received by the said Justices, their Clerks or Officers, under and by virtue of this Act; to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall at all times have free Access; and the said Justices shall, once in every Month, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justices, or One of them, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for one of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Knt or Essex, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the same, or any Party grieyed, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, at the said Public Office, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Constable1 Officer or

other

54 GEO. III. C. 187.

957

other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in manner herein after mentioned; any Law,

Statute or Custom to the contrary not with (landing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for to

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of

[Proviso.]

His or their Privy Council, to direct Salaries to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend the said Public Office, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for their Expences in the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks and others therein employed in such manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council shall seem meet: Provided always, that the Yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Six hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever:

[Proviso.]

Provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Office (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of Eight thousand six hundred Pounds; to commence from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Receiver ap-for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to appoint any proper Per- pointed, to acson to be the Receiver of the said Public Office, which said Receiver C^vof ^tate shall receive all Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all and every other n^K-yearly for Sum and Sums of Money applicable to the Purposjs of this Act; Receipts and and from the Produce of such Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, Sum and DiUjutfetnenti. Sums of Money, shall pay, discharge and disburse all the Salaries,

Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office, and the

carrying this Act into Execution; and shall make all such Contracts as shall from time to time be necessary for that Purpose; and shall every Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, but to no other Person or Persons whomsoever, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the same, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver so to be appointed under this Act shall have and be entitled to such Salary and Allowances as His Majesty shall from time to time be pleased to direct and appoint, and shall also possess and exercise the same Powers and Remedies for recovering all Fees and Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money whatever to be due and payable to the said Receiver under and by virtue of this Act, as are given by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty for the more effectual A chninijl ration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for nulling other Provisions in lieu thereof: to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then nrxt Session of Parliament:

Provided always, that if it shall appear that the Monies applicable by pecs |nfu^r; ent the said Receiver to be appointed under this Act in Discharge of the to piv Salaries, Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office, and &c. Deficiency the carrying this Act into Execution, shall not amount to the annual fapi>liedout of Sum of Eight thousand six hundred Pounds, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Consolidated Fund; and if at the ud of any Year there shall be any Surplus beyond the said Sum of

Eight

c. 37. ante.

Nftices to appoint lufiident Number of Con-ftabUs.

Duty of Con-ftahies.

Ju (Vices to appoint any Number of Men not exceeding 30, under N.mne of Thames Police Surveyors, for inspectim! Conduct c f Con Halyes, &e.

Eight thousand six hundred Pounds in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for such Justices so appointed as aforesaid, or any Two of them, as soon as conveniently may be after the patting of this Act, subject to the Approbation of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to appoint, retain and employ a suficient Number of fit and able Men as Constables to be employed on Land, or on board Ships, Lighters or Craft, in and upon the said River, within the Limits of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent and Essex, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Liberty of the Tower of Lond-ir., or in Boats to be hired for the Purpose; which said several Performs shall respectively take an Oath duly to execute their respective Offices, and such Oath shall be adrainiltered by One of the said Justices; and each of such Persons being so appointed and sworn, shall have Power to act as a Constable for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against felonious and other unlawful Modes of obtaining and receiving the same, as well on the said River within the Limits aforesaid as on Land, within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties aforesaid, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace as well by Night as by l>av; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Constable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Coe-I2Lie-wick, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as he shall from time to time receive from such Justices, or any One of them, or from the Thames Police Surveyors, as herein after mentioned, for the apprehending of Offenders, or otherwise conducing himself in the Execution of such Office of Constable; and Two or more of such Justice* may at any time suspend or dismiss from his Employment every such Constable whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Office, or otherwise unfit for the same, and appoint (subject to such Approbation as aforesaid) such other fit Person in his Stead as to the said Justices shall seem meet, and upon every such DiiYr.iffior, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages vetted in the Person so dismissed by virtue of h: s Appointment as aforesaid, shall immediately cease and determine.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices, or cry Two of them, shall and may, from time to time (subject to such Approbation as aforesaid) appoint, retain and employ, any Number of fit and discreet Men, not exceeding Thirty at any one time, who under the Name of Thames Police Surveyors, shall each of them (being first duly sworn in manner above mentioned) have the Power, Authority and Privileges and Advantage of a Constable as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of diredUng and inspecting the Cod-duct of the said several Constables, and o? all Persons to be employed in and about Ships and Vessels lying and being in the said River, or in and on the several Wharfs, Quays and Landing Place? thereto adjacent, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Courses, City and Liberties respectively, under the Authority or Superinten-dance of the said Justices, who may when they think proper suspend 8 1 or

959.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 187.

or dismiss any such Thames Police Surveyors, and subject to the same Approbation appoint others in their Stead.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Mailer, Wardens and Alfiilants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, shall at any time be dissatisfied with the Conduct of any such Condable or Surveyor so appointed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mailer, Wardens and Assistants, by Order of their Court of Assistants, to dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, with whose Conduct they shall respectively be dissatisfied; and every such Conlluble or Surveyor so dismissed shall, from and after the time when any such Order shall have been produced and made known to him, be incapable of exercising either of the said Offices, unless and until such Court of Assistants who shall have made such Order shall think fit to revoke the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver (out of the Monies applicable by virtue of this Act in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office) shall and may pay to the Constables and Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, such Salaries and Allowances as the said Justices shall from time to time direel and appoint, with the Approbation and Consent of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Thames Police Surveyor, in virtue of such his Office (subject to the Orders of the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid), to enter at all times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every Ship, Hoy, Barge, lighter, Boat or other Vessel (not being then actually employed in His Majesty's Service) lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City and Liberties respectively, and into every Part of all such Vessels, for the Purpose of inspecting and upon Occasion directing the Conduct of any Constable or Constables who shall or may from time to time be (lationed on board such Ships or Vessels, as also for the Purpose of inspecting and observing the Conduct of all and every or any other Person and Persons who shall from time to time be employed on board of any Ship or Vessel in or about the lading or unlading thereof, as the case may be, and for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing against Fire and other Accidents, as also for the Purpose of preserving Peace and

food Order on board of any Ship or Vessel, and for the effectual revention in all cases of any Felonies or Misdemeanors being committed on board any Ship or Vessel, and for the effectual Detection of any Felonies or Misdemeanors whatsoever, which may have been committed, or which the said Surveyor may have reasonable Cause to suspect to have been committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And Whereas divers ill disposed and suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequent the said River, and the Quays and Warehouses near and adjoining thereunto, and the Avenues to the same Quays and Warehouses, and the Streets and Highways leading*thereto, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being; and although their

Evil

Court of Assist-ants of Trinity House may dil-miis Constables or Surveyors.

Salaries, &c. to Constablat, &c.

Duty of Surveyors.

A.D. 1814.

Suspected Peril' ns and reppted 'iVieves frequenting River, &c. t iken up and punished as Rogues and Vagabonds under 17 G. a. c. 5.

Form of Con-vuition.

C. 187. 54 GEO. III.

Evil Purpoks are sufficiently Manifest, the Power of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace to demand of them Securities for their good Behaviour hath not been of sufficient Effctft to prevent them for

carrying their evil Purposes into Execution; Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any ^Constable or Surveyor appointed under the Authority of this Act, within the Limits aforesaid to apprehend every such Person, and convey him or them before any Justice of the Peace; and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or area Person or Persons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of livinr, and it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that there is just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were on or in the said River, Quays or Warehouses, or in such Avenue, Street or Highway as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and male more (ffedual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and di/orderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction shall be to the following Form of Words, as the case may happen, or m any other Form of Words to the like Effect:

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is brought

before me C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty* Justices of the Peace, in and for the County of [or9 City,

Liberty or Place, as the case may Ae], and charged before me the said Justice with being a Rogue and Vagabond, ne the said A.

having been apprehended on the Day of

in the said County [or, City, et cetera, as the case may Ar], and it

appearing to me the said Justice on the Oath of

a credible Witness, that the said A B. is a Person of Evil Fcrnr,

and a reputed Thies, and the said A.B. on his Examination before me not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, or of his way of living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction of me

the said Justice, that there is just ground to believe the said A.

was aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony

on the Person or Property of His Majesty's SubjecU there being,

I do therefore, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [krr insert the Title of this Act-]9 convict him the said A. J5. of the said Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond within the

Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating H

Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and t*

Houses of Corredion9 and that he for his said Offence be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, until the

next General or Quarter [a/ the case may Ae] Sessions of the

Peace to be holden for the said Countyf City or Place [as the case

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 18 7. 961

may be"]. then and theri to be further dealt with according to Law*

[if the Party be committed for a left Time than until the Sessions{

then say, there to remain, for the Space of .*]

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Want of Form. Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or fct alide, or adjudged void or inefficient for want of any other Form or Words whatever, nor shall the same be removed by Certiorari into His Certiorari. Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeal.

Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person at the time of his Conviction entering into a Re- RCCogn!zance. cognizance with Two sufficietit Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions 'to try such Appeal and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to proceed against such Person in the same manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter Seffioils; and in case such Person shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Person so convicted by such Justice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Act made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled7 G. 2. CL An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons> and to Houses of C or re Elion; and the said Justices at such Sessions, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Person so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to fume House of Correction, or Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sessions for the said County (Liberty or City, as the case may be), then and there to be further dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that no Person convicted under this Act I>rov,*a shall be deemed subject or liable to Punishment by Whipping.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully Daim*ii % Sec. destroy or damage, or endeavour to destroy or damage, or be wilfully Koats plunging concerned in destroying or damaging, or endeavouring to destroy or 10 'Ultices* damage any Boat or Boats then belonging to or hired or employed by or by Authority of the said Justices, or any Part of the Sails,

Oars or other Tackle, Stores, Goods or Furniture contained in or belonging to any such Boat, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Boat so destroyed or damaged or attempted to be destroyed or damaged, or of which, any of the Tackle or other Contents shall have been so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Thirty penajtyt Pounds, or shall suffer Imprisonment For any time not exceeding 'Three Months over and above any such Damages, as may be recoverable by Action at Law against any such Offender.

XVII. And Whereas for the Purpose of increasing the Facility

of Depredation, it hath been a common Practice amongst varioui

ClafTea of Persons concerned in the landing and warehousing of Mer-s chandize from on board Ships and Vessels in the said River, wilfully

4 Geo. IIJ. 3 Q < to

A.D. 1814.

962 C. 187. 54 GEO. III.

to injure and promote the opening and breaking of Calks, Bagsr and other Packages, and the spilling of their Contents; For Breaking, 8te. Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person employed Packages, with in the ]an^ng or warehousing of any GoodB and Merchandize, or ntent t ut on- other Person, shall wilfully or through culpable Negligence or Carelessness, cause or suffer, or be concerned in causing or suffering to be broken, bruised, pierced, started, cut, torn or otherwise injured, any Calk, Box, Chest, Bag or other Package containing or being designed and prepared for containing any such Goods or Merchandize while on board of any Barge, Lighter or other Craft lying or being in the said River, or any Quay, Wharf or Landing Place adjacent to the same, or in or in the Way to or from any Warehouse to or from which such Package shall have been removed, removing or about to be removed, with Intent that the Contents of such Package or any Part thereof may be spilled or dropped from such Package, then and in such case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and shall, on Conviction before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, be committed for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, determinable upon the Payment of such Penalty so imposed.

Wilfully letting

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpose of in o Thames* Prevent^ng the Seizure or Discovery of any Materials, Furniture, into a Boat, &*c. Stores or Merchandize belonging to or having been Part of the Cargo with fraudulent of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said River, or of any other Articles Intention, unlawfully obtained from any such Ship or Vessel, any such or any other Article or Articles shall be wilfully let fall, or thrown into the River, or in any other manner directly or purposely conveyed away or endeavoured to be conveyed away nrom any Ship or Vessel, Boat, Barge, lighter, Craft, Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place, every Person being Party or Accessary to such letting fall, throwing or Conveyance, or to any previous Instructions or premeditated Design so to let fall, throw or convey away any such Article or Articles with any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged Misdemeanor. guilty of a Misdemeanor 5 and if any Article or Articles whatever of Wilfully letting apparent Value shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away or fall, &c. Articles endeavoured to be conveyed away from any Ship or Vessel into any itc! from Shiwf* Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or from any Boat, Barge, Lighter Icc. 9or Craft, or from any Wharf Quay or other Landing Place, without the Order, Assent or Privity of the Person or Persons being the s Owner, or having the lawful Charge of such Article or Articles,

then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and far any such Con liable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or for any Constable of the City of London within the Jurisdiction of the said City, to feiie, apprehend and secure any such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Craft, and every or any Person therein, or who by reason of his or her neamefs to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall be reasonably suspected by such Constable or Surveyor of being Party Accessary. or Accessary thereto, and forthwith to convey every such Penon so apprehended before the said Justices, or same other Justices in whose Jurisdiction such Offences shall be committed; and if upon Examination it shall not be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that such letting fall, throwing or conveying away, or endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere Accident or from

tents ui3y be spilled.

penalty.

9 63

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. 187.

from some lawful Cause, and not ffom any such fraudulent or evasive Design as aforesaid, every Person so appearing to be Party, Privy or Accessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as herein after mentioned. Misdemeanor.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if on Information given on On Informs son Oath, it shall appear to the said Justices that there is reasonable Cause th: '*

for suspecting that any Materials, Furniture, Stores or any Part of for iViJpedm T1* the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel, lying or being in the said that any of the River, or any Stores belonging to His Majesty, or consigned to any Circoof any Person or Persons for His Majesty's Service, have been llolen or un- v*, rel or any of lawfully obtained, from or out of any such Ship or Vessel, or from ^reis^Vv or out of any Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft lying or being in the hS^Inl^fun/ said River, or from any Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place ad- obtained, and 7 jacent to the same, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, concealed, how City and Liberties, or from or in the way to or from any Warehouse proceeded in into or from which such Articles had been removing or removed to or from any such Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, and that such Articles after having been so stolen or unlawfully obtained are concealed or otherwise lodged in any Dwelling House, Warehouse, Yard,

Garden or any other Place, it shall be lawful for the said Justices or other Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, or any One of them, by Special Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any such Thames Police Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or other Constable within their respective Jurisdictions, to cause every such Place to be searched at any time of the Day, or by Night, if Power for that Purpose be especially given in and by such Warrant; and the said Justices, if it should appear to them requisite and necessary, may moreover empower such Constable or Surveyor with any such Assistance as to them the said Justices may appear, or by such Constable or Surveyor be found necessary (such Constable or Surveyor having previously made known such his Authority), to use Force for the effecting of such Entry, whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise; and if upon Search thereupon made any such suspected Article or Articles shall accordingly be found, then and in such case to convey the same forthwith to and before the said Justices, or to guard the same on the Spot while the Offenders are taken before the said Justices, or otherwise dispose thereof in some Place of Safety, subject to the Orders of the said Justices in manner as above mentioned, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said Justices the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging or other Place as* aforesaid, the same shall so have been found; as also every such other Person so found in such House, Lodging or Place as shall appear to have been privy to the depositing of such Articles or any of them in such Place, knowing or having reasonable Cause to suspect the same to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained; and if such Persons respectively shall not immediately or within some reasonable time to be assigned by the said Justices, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices by what lawful Means such Article or Articles came to be deposited or situated in such Place as aforesaid, without any Default on the Part of such Persons respectively, or that they respectively did not know that the same were, or by what meant the same were deposited or situated in such Place, then and in such case the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging or other Place such fufpt&ed Article or Articles was or were found, as also every

3 Q a ether

9<S4

A.D. 1814.

C. 187.

54 GEO. III.

Misdemeanor.

Framing falle Bill of Parcels to Tcape Detection.

Misdemeanor.

Advertised as Fabricator of False Bills of Pareels, &c. Surveyors having just Cause to suspect Felony may enter on Vefleh and take up futpetted Persons.

Unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder seized.

ia G. 3. c. 61.

Forfeited Boats instaad of

other Person so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing or having Cause to suspect the same to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Purpose of protecting or preventing any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles whatsoever from being seized on suspicion of their being stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, or of preventing the same from being produced or made to serve as Evidence of or concerning any Felony or Misdemeanor, shall frame or cause to be framed, or be any ways concerned in framing or causing to be framed any Bill of Parcels containing any false Statement in regard to the Name or Abode of any alleged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of such Goods or Valuables, the Place from whence or Conveyance by which the same were furnished, the Price agreed upon, or charged for the same, or any other Particular or Particulars, knowing such Statement to be false, or who shall fraudulently produce such Bill of Pareels, well knowing the same to have been fraudulently framed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall fuster as herein after mentioned, and may moreover, at the Discretion of the said Justices, or such other Justices in whose Jurisdiction such Offences shall be committed, be published and advertised as a Fabricator of falle Bills of Pareels, or as a convicted or reputed Receiver of Goods stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, as the case may be.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Thames Police Surveyor (subject to the Orders of the said Justices appointed as aforesaid), having just Cause to suspect that any Felony has been or is about to be committed in or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, lighter, Boat or other Vessel lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits aforesaid, to enter at all times as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every such Ship, Hoy, Barge, lighter, Boat or other Vessel, and therein to take all necessary Measures for the effectual Prevention or Detection of all felonies which he has just Cause to suspect have been or are about to be committed in and upon the said River, and within the said Limits, and to apprehend and detain all Persons suspected to be concerned in the said Felonies, and also all Property so suspected to be feloniously stolen, and the same to produce before One or more Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions; and every such Thames Police Surveyor is hereby authorized at any time between Sun-riiing and Sun-setting to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) in the said River, and within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also shall have the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall, be, as are given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty* intituled An Act to regulate the making, keeping and carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain $ and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for auj of theft Purposes

XXII. And be it further enacted, That xa all cases in which it it directed in the said Act that any Boat w^th her Tackle and Appurtenances

9^5

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 187.

Bathing between

Entrance of East India Docks

Seven in the Morning and during Day l.iglit.

tenances which shall be forfeited, shall be burnt and destroyed, it shall being burnt be lawful for any Justice or Justices within their respective Jurisdictions reftorC(l or f* before whom any Person or Persons shall have been convicted of any Offence, whereby any Boat is or should be adjudged to be forfeited, either to direct such Boat with her Tackle and Appurtenances to be burnt and destroyed, or restored to the Owners thereof, or to be publicly fold, and the Produce of such Sale to be applied in like manner as all other Cases of Forfeitures under the said Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient, that indecent and im- proper bathing in the River Thames between the Entrance of the East India Docks at Blarkwall and Battersea Bridge should be prevented Be it therefore enacted, That the said Justices shall and are hereby required to cause a Notice or Notices to be affixed _ whereever they nvty think fit, on any Pod, or on the Front of any a, d Batteries Wharf, Wall or Building adjoining the River Thames* between the Bridce after Places aforesaid thereby directing, that no Person shall from and after Seven of the Clock in the Morning and during so long as Day Light shall continue, undress himself on the Shore of the said River, or shall expose his naked Body to Public View for the Purpose of bathing within the Limits to be prescribed by such Notice or Notices; and if any Person shall act contrary thereto, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings to any Person who shall make Complaint thereof before the said Justices, or in D fault of Payment thereof shall be committed to Penalty. Prison by the said Justices, or any One of them, for any time not exceeding Twenty four Hours.

XXIV. And Whereas Disputes and Difficulties do frequently arise between Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballastmen, Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights,

Caulkers and other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the River Thames, and the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Places adjacent, respecting Wages or Money due to them for Work, and the Owner or Owners, Captains or Commanders of Vessels, and their Agents on the said River, and the Docks and Creeks thereunto adjoining, and also the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers,

or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays, and their Agents and

other Persons employing the said Labourers; Be it enacted, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, all Differences, Complaints Wages for and Dispute9 which shall happen and arise between any Bargemen, Lnbour done Lightermen, Watermen, Ballastmen (except Trinity Ballastmen), R-iverf*c. Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights,

Caulkers or other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the nien) fcttiej by said River, or the Docks, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs or Places adjacent, Justices; pro and the Owner or Owners, Captain or Commander of any Vessel, or vided Sum in their Agents on the said River, or the Docks or Creeks thereunto Quest, on ^ot'* -adjoining, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or li0texcce*' Occupiers of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents or other Employer or Employers respecting Wages or Money due to any such Labourer or Labourers for Work* whether the same Persons be employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, shall be heard and determined by the said Justices, or any One of them, or any other Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to summou before

1O t him

Disputes about

S>66

C. 187.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Distress.

him or them toy such Captain or Commander of any such Vessel, or any such Owner or Owners thereof, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any other Employer or Employers; and if any such Captain, Commander or Owner of any such Vessel or their Agents, or the Owner, Wharfinger or Occupier of any such Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any such other Employer or Employers shall refuse or neglect to attend such Summons, then every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to issue his or their Warrant to bring such Person or Persons before him or them, to answer such Complaint, and every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman (other than any Trinity Balia liman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sauor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer, or any other Witness or Witnesses touching any such Complaint or Dispute, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman (other than any Trinity Ballastman,) Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer, as to such Justice or Justices shall leem just and reasonable; provided that the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, besides all reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution of the said Complaint, which Costs the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to order; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums so ordered by the Space of Twenty four Hours next after such Determination, such Justice or Justices shall and may issue forth his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Captain or Commander aforesaid, or of any Owner or Owners of any Vessel, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or of any other Employer or Employers, or any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman (other than any Trinity Ballastman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, R % 2ci*> Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer working for Hire on the River Thames, or the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Places adjacent, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner after Payment of the Sums so ordered for Wages or Money due to them for Work and necessary Costs, together with all Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders as shall be made as aforesaid by any Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and from which said Orders no Appeal shall be allowed*

XXVI. And, for the more effectual Prevention of Accidents by twUn London* ^re anc* ot^, cr Mischiefs upon the said River of Thames, it is hereby Br dje and further enacted, That if any Master or Commander or other Officer BLckwall, hav- of any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) shall while suchna on l>oar<I Ship or Vessel shall lie or be in the said River of Thames betweea Gu.nsJ^ded, T London Bridge and Black w ally keep any Gun or Guns on board such during Guns* Ship or Vessel (hotted or loaded with Ball, or cause or permit to be before Sun-ri- bred or discharged any Gun or Guns on board such Ship or VefM fine or after Sun- before Sun-rising or after Sun-setting, such Master, Commander or setting; and other Officer shall, for every such Gun so kept (hotted or loacted, stc* onfboatd#of l^ie Sum F*ve Shillings, and for every Gun so fired or dif-

VttTcU, <kc. charged

Order of Justices final.

Matters of

9^1

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 1B7.

charged the Sum of Ten Shillings; and also, that if any Mailer, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person on board the same, or any Person on board of any Barge, lighter, Boat or other Craft or Vessel shall, while such Ship or Vessel or such Barge, lighter, Boat or other Craft or VelTei shall he or be in the River of Thames, between London Bridge and Blackball, heat or melt, or cause or permit to be heated, or melted, by Fire, Logger-heat Shot, or any other Thing on board any such or any other Ship or VelTei, or Barge, lighter, Boat or other Craft or Vessel whatever, any Pitch, Tar, Rolin, Grease, Tallow, Oil, or other such combullible Matter or Thing, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and any P*ky. One or more of the said Justices, or any other Justice or Justices for the City of London or the Counties of Middlesex, Surry or Kent* within his or their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made ia that behalf within Ten Days next after any such Offence shall have been committed, to fumraon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, or after Oath made of the Commission of any of the Facts above mentioned by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to issue a Warrant or Warrants to apprehend the Party or Parties accused, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party or Parties accused in not appearing (upon the Proof of Notice given) such Justice or Justices shall proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses on Oath (which Oath he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and upon due Proof thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and in case the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to issue his or their Warrant for the levying such Penalty or Penalties on the Goods of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within Five Days, rendering to the Party or Parties the Overplus, if any there be, and where r.o Goods, or not sufficient Goods, of such Offender or Offenders can be found, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding the Space of Two Months, unless the Penalty or Penalties awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid by such Offender or Offenders mail be sooner paid; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice or Justices, he or they shall and may appear to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for prosecuting such Appeal with Effeel, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein, which said Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Cods occasioned by such Appeal as to them the said Justices shall seem meet; and One Moiety of all Money recovered on account of every such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be distributed at the Discretion of the Justice making

3 Q 4

9*8

0.3. r. 18. i 7-

Pro.lutfion of pjny from whom Grods IhhiuIu satisfactory to Justice.

Misdemeanor.

Offence; declared Mif4)2-meanors.

Penalty-

Application of Peiwity.

C. 187. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

1

the Con^idlion to such Person or Persons as he shall judge to hare been instrumental in detecting and prosecuting the Offender.

XXVII. And Whereas in and by an Act passed in the Second

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prevent

the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Per font navigating Bum

Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, it is, amongst other* things, provided that a Person in whose Possession Goods suspected

of having been stolen or otherwise unlawfully come by are found,

shall be adjudged guilty of a Miidemeanor, if he do not either girr

an Account to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as are therein mentioned, how he came by the same, or else produce the Party or Parties from whom he brought or received the same, under which Provision no Receiver of stolen Goods who shall produce a

Person of whom he received the same, can be adjudged guilty,

although he shall not give such Account to the Satisfaction of such

Justice or Justices as aforesaid: Be it further enacted, That m every case where the Production of the Party from whom any Goods or Things have been bought or received would at present be sufficient to exempt any Person from being adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor under the said Act, by reason of any such Goods or Things being found in any way in his or her Possession, such Production shall not be deemed sufficient to exempt such Person from being adjudged guilty as aforesaid, unless the Account so given of the manner of his or her coming by such Goods or Things shall upon a full Investigatioa be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices; and if any Person on bcirg so produced shall declare himself or herself to have bought, received or otherwise obtained such Goods of some other Person, such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to examine every such other Person, and also every other prior Purchaser or pretended Purchaser; and if upon the whole of the Evidence it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Party so informed against or suspected did, at the time of his or her receiving such Goods or Things into his or her Possession, believe or had reasonaV.e Cause to believe that the same were at any time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to adjudge such Party to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and such Party so convicted shall thereupon suffer as herein after mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of every Offence hereinbefore declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which no specwl pecuniary Penalty is hereinbefore appointed, the Offender shall forfeit and pay at the Discretion of One or more of the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or of any other Justice or Justices before whom any Conviction shall from time to time take place within their respective Jurisdictions, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, or shall suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Eight Weeks; and One Moiety of every such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, under the Direction of the Justice or Justices by whom the same shall have been levied, shall either be paid and applied to the Use of the Informer alone, or be distributed between or amongst such Persons as shall have contributed to the Conviction of the Offender, ia such Shares and Proportions as such Justice or Justices in their Discretion shall think fit.

II

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 187. 969

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which Offcnceshow Complaint shall be made or Information given of any Offence by this trlcd-Act declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is hereinbefore appointed with or without Imprisonment, in addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the Matter of such Complaint or Information, if the Offence shall have been committed*or the Offender apprehended within the Limits aforesaid, shall or may be heard and determined, either by the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or either of them, or by any other Justice or Justices adding in and for the County or other Place of separate Jurisdiction within which the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended; and if any such Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended within the Jurisdiction of the City of London, then the Matter of such Complaint or Information shall and may be heard and determined by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or One of the Aldermen of the said City and not elsewhere; and ever)'

Conviction thereupon had, shall be certified, filed and entered in such manner as is directed in and by the said Act of the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign, with respect to Convictions under that Act, 1 G. 3. c.8. and may also be drawn up in such Form and Manner as is appointed  in and by the said Act; and neither such Conviction, or any Proceeding previous thereto, shall be removed by Certiorari or other- Certiorari, twife into any Court of Record, but such Conviction shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And Whereas the Punishments for Misdemeanors pro- aG. 3. c. a8.

vided in and by the said Act of the Second Year of His present  to.

Majesty's Reign have been found inefficient for the preventing of such Offences; Be it enacted, That every Person who shall be Misdemeanors guilty of any of the several Offences respectively made and declared to how punished. be Misdemeanors in and by the said Act, shall and may be punished

at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom the said Offender shall be convicted, either with the Punishment appointed in and by the said Act, or by such other Punishment or Punishments, as is and are hereby appointed for and in cases of Offences declared to be Misdemeanors in and by this present Act.

XXXI. And Whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act,0.3. c.o$.

Persons guilty of certain Offences are punishable by Transportation 12.

for Fourteen Years, but the said Offences not being by the said Act declared to be Felony, the Trial thereof may in all cases be put off by means of a Traverse to the next Sessions after the ' Finding of the Bill of Indictment for the same, and the Offender

be in the mean time liberated, on being admitted to Bail, whereby Justice has been in many Instances eluded For remedy thereof,

be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, pica(j; ng to whenever any Indictment shall be found against any Person or Per- indictments, fons for the said Offences, or any of them, the Person or Persons (o indicted shall plead to the same Indictment without having time to traVerfe the same, as is usual in cases of Misdemeanors.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing jurisdiction for herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Justices determining or any other Justice or Justices, except the Lord Mayor, Aldermen Deputes about and Recorder of the City of London for the time being, or some or One of them, to hear and determine any such Differences, Com- xbamea, &T. * plaints or Disputes, as shall or may arise for of in respect of any

Proviso for Rights of City of London.

Proviso for Application of Penalties incurred under 39 G. 3. c. lxix.

Proviso for Right* of Trinity Brethren, dec.

Clatife', &< of c. 37. aute.

G187. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Employment or Work done within the said City of London, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, lighter, Boat or other Vessel, lying or being on the North Side of the said River Thame* between the Tower of London and the Western Extremity of the Temple adjoining Essex Street in the County of Middlesex.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* of any Right, Privilege or Jurisdiction heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the time being, or the Aldermen of the said City for the time being, and the Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, of any Right, Privilege, Immunity or Jurisdiction, which they hart heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed upon the River Thame* or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being is Conservator of the said River; nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the time being, and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting as Justices of the Peace upon the said River, or taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits of the same, in such manner as they might or would have done, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th2t nothing in the said several recited Acts or this Act contained, shall extend to alter or vary the Application of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred, iuflided, paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for tendering more commodiou* and for better regulating the Port of London, or against any other Act or Acts made for altering, amending or enlarging the Powers of the said last mentioned Act; but that the said Penalties and Forfeitures respectively when received shall be applied as directed in and by the said Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, in the same manner in every respect as if the said several recited Acts and this Act had not been made.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights, Privileges or Authorities of the Master, Warden and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood, of the Moll Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Provisoes mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign touching and concerning the Prohibition relative to the taking of Fees to the Use of Individuals, the Incapacity of the Justices with regard to their fitting in Parliament, and the Restrictions and Penalties imposed on the Justices, Receiver and Constables, with regard to their interfering in Parliamentary Elections, and also all the Clauses and Provisoe*

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 187, 188, 189. 97r

mentioned and contained in the said Act of the Second Year of the and Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the searching and detaining 1 (J.3. c.a8. of Boats on the said River, or the seizing and detaining of Goods extended to Adh suspected to be stolen, and the Persons Tufpeded to be guilty of Resding the same, and the Mode of Proceeding with respect thereto, and respecting the Discovery, Apprehension and Punishment of Offenders, and respecting the obstructing the Execution of the said Act, and respecting the commencing or prosecuting of Actions against Justices or their Officers, shall be deemed, construed and taken to be, and the same are hereby declared to extend to, and to be Parts of this Act, as if the same were herein specially repeated Power of and re-enacted; and that all Justices to be from time to time ap- cc.

pointed under and by virtue of this Act, and all Constables and Surveyors to be from time to time appointed by the said Justices,

shall have all such Powers, Privileges and Protedions in all respects whatsoever, in the Execution of the said last mentioned Act, as any Justice, Conliable, or other Officers or Persons could or might, by Law have under the said Act.

[Public Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be Continuance of and continue in force, from the passing thereof, until the First Day Ad.

of June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXXVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain: and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

[30th July 1814.]

44 TREASURY to cause Exchequer Bills for3, 000, 000. to be rfiade out in manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. I.  1, 2. Exchequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies, 3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding $\d.per Cent per Diem, 4. 44 Exchequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April 5.1815, 5- Bank may advance3, 000, 000. on Credit of* Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6W. & M. c. 20.  j 6.200, 000.

u out of Supplies granted for Ireland, 7.

CAP. CLXXXIX.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain % and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons, Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall

k

A.D. 1814.

97*

Secretary at War 10 issue Money require < for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Contingent

Expences.

Clothing.

C. 189. 54 GEO. III.

+and Devon when disembodied), in Great Britain, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and also for making Allowances of Reduced Pay, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Regular Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, whik

disembodied 5 and also Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced;

and to Adjutants and Surgeons, after long Service: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and whb the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the time being mar and shall, and he is hereby authorised, empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid, the whole Sum required for the Regubff Militia of Great Britain (when disembodied), in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for th* Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; that is to say.

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem

For each Paymaster, in Corps confining of Three Companies, aa2 upwards, Six Shillings per Diem

For each Paymaster, in Corps confiding of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem

For each Paymaster, in Corps confiding of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem

For each Quarter Master, where One is appointed in Corps at aa Establishment exceeding Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five 'Shillings per Diem

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem: For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confitl-ing of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Frovisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps con-sifting of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem

And also at the Rate of Three pence a Man for each Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difera-bodied), at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major; Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant 5 Two Pounds One Shilling and Tea pence for each Corporal; Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major: Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer; and Two Pounds One Shilling and

A.D. 1814.

S43 GEO. m*

C.I89.

973

Four pence for each Private Man 5 and that such Serjeant Majors*

Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years 2

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall Rates be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or n

Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following u U*

Rates, instead of those above mentioned; that is to say.

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings Diem

For every Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provisional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem:

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem: And,

For every Drummer, the Sum of Six pence per Diem respectively, and no more:

And it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, to cause any such pay ittaed Fou^ Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period Month* in not exceeding Four Months, for the time for which such Advances Advance.

shall be made: Provided always, that every Paymaster, Surgeon and Quarter Mailer of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong, are kept; and the said Residence of Officers shall be subject to the same Rules in respect to Residence or certain Officers occasional Absence, as the Adjutants of disembodied Militia are by ^bere Arms of Law liable to: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Pay- rp p master, Surgeon and Quarter Matter shall forfeit his pay for any Penalty. 1 Period during which he shall be absent without the Leave of the Colonel or Commandant of his Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master of each Quarter Made* Regiment of Militia in which a Quarter Mailer is appointed, and &c to have when no Quarter Master is appointed, then the Paymaster shall have^of the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats,

Clothing, Necessaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymaster shall, out of Paymaster to the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and issue Money for Drummer directed by this Ati to be issued and paid for defraying c"li"/*ntQ the contingent Expences of such Regiment, from time to time issue ^by1*and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Colonel.

Arms and other usual contingent Expences upon an Order in Writing Signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, /hewing the Balance remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Balance to form Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, and transmit the same to Stock Purse. the Colonel ot other Commandant of such Regiment, to be by him*- examined*

974

A.D. 1814.

In nhfenre of Adjutant, Serjeants, &c. uiv.er Command ot Qinr.er Mailer.

Militia when call'd out for Training, &c. mitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons* Mates.

[Proviso.]

Exceptions.

Oath taken to entitle to All lewances.

C. 185. 54 GEO. in-

examined, allowed and signed; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster, for the Application and Disposal

of such Money.

III. And be it further enacted, That in the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town or Place, where the Arms of any Corps of Militia when disembodied air kept, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Quarter Mailer in cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quarter Mailer is appointed, then under the Command of the Pay. mailer; and such Quarter Mailer and Paymaster respectively shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia, shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purposl* of annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, be entitled to the Came Pay and Allowances as the Officers and Men of the Militia when embodied.

V. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain

Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while disembodied, under certain Regulations Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are entitled during the time of annual Exercise, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, shall Ire made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate now bearing a Commission and fenring in the Militia of Great Britain, who shall continue faithfully to serve until the disembodying thereof; that is to say,

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem t And,

To a Surgeon's Mate, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem: Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now (erring with tire Rank of Captain Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to bold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate of the MJitia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold the Commission of a Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate is the Militia, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who, shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and ip order to entitle themselves there*

tail

97 S

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C*i8p

take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's J a ft ices of the Peace for the County to which the Regiment in which they serve shall belong, in the Words, or to the Effect following videlicet)

T A*B. do swear. That I belonged to the

of Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the

Day of inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's

Mate (as the case may Be), and that I was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value

above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Comraiflion of

Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during the

above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any

Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy during the said Period any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Pay as for the Period of the Corps

having assembled to be trained and exercised, and that I was not entitled during the said Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be by the said Justice Oath certified, forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to &c certify and transmit the same to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate shall be then serving.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer Subalterns and and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia who shall be entitled or claim to Surgeons'Mates be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the to attend an-annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment to which he belongs, Extfcife> during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, and shall during the said time punftuadly do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate of such Regiment, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance as well as the Rest of Penalty, his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and Certificates Certificate, of his having so attended and performed his Duty signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided Commanding always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate Officer may claiming to be entitled to such Allowance shall by his Commanding*

Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate who

may be so permitted to be absent and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercise s Provided always, that the Reasons for such Ab- Pro*?*

fence

If Regiment not called out beiore Day fixed for Halt yearly L*ay ment, Allowance paid on taking Oath before Justice, without Certificate of Attendance.

When Pay-mafie* s to pay Allowances.

Certificate produced.

On Neglect of Attendance of Subaltern, ice. certified by Colonel, Scc.

Claim to Allowance forfeited.

Allowance not paid while Militia ia embodied.

C 189. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

fence as well as the Duration thereof fhaB he carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon ms conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regiment wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall be ferring.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any

Regiment of Militia after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate belonging to auy such Regiment and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before acy such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the find Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid, of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymaster! sad they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeon's Mates according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, in addition to their Pay for the time of Training and Exercise, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months or other proper Period on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the same, on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchees for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in purfuatoce of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate shall on fiach Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant and Pay-, matter, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment to which such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall belong, forfeit hk-Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall life be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, 'JHurt nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle, any Subaltern

977

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 189.

Officer or Surgeon's Mate as aforesaid to the said Allowance or any Part thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarter Masters, Surgeons and Surgeons* Mates, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults 5 and the receiving and taking any such Subsistence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enlign, Adjutant, Quarter Master, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the

and the any Place or Employment of Pro-

fit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced in His Majesty*a

Navy, [or, in the Marines, or, in late Regiment

of ], or Allowance as in

late Troop of Horse Guards, or [ Regiment of

Horse] reduced, save and except my Subsistence as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster or Quarter Master, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, [at the case may be-\ for serving in the Militia of the County of .*

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Reg ilar Militia, when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and also an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for

54 GEO. III. 3 R an^uajl

Person* being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in Arrny or Navy, empowered, if fenring in Militia, to receive Suhfitt-ence Money hereby directed to he paid, on taking following

Oatly

Non Commissioned Officer*, fee* not to lose Right to Chelfao. Pensions, See.

Allowance to Surgeons for

Medicines in Addition to Pay,

A.D. 1814.

97

Adjvitanti, after Service of 30 Years and unfit Cor Service, to receive an Allowance.

Pfovifow

[Proviso.]t

Surgeons, after Service of^o Years and unfit for Service, to receive 38. per lUj.

[Proviso.]

Reduced Adjutant to leceive 4. per Day.

[Proviso.]

1940 3-F A 44.

C. 189. 54" GEO-III.

annual Training and Exercise, or fot the Suppreffios of Riots and Tumults.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall hare served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, b entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorised to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Dint: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term thaa Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lole any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regu* lar Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Tens of Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for fur. ther Service, he shall, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid. From the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymaster h$ and he is hereby authorised and required to pay to such Person pro* ducing such Certificate as aforesaid, and Allowance at the Rate of Three Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall bn entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no Person receiving such Allowance, shall, by rtafoi thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which be may be entitled.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That hi case any Regiment of Militia shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall ccafe and determine, or be reduced ia its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as ha actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by neafoa of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Act passed in tb*

Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting* until the Twnty fflh Day of March

0*

A.D. 1814.

GEO. III. C. i8i>

>70

One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants

and Serjeant Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this*

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to 1 accept the Services of an additional Number of Vdun teen from the

Militia under certain Restrictions; which has been revived and continued, by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty iifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; Be it therefore enacted, That the said revived and con* recited Act and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned, to tinued till March Adjutants and Serjeant Majors and all the Provisions relating thereto, 2* l?lkioK*?.r shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thou- ^tsjlcc. 5 sand eight hundred and fourteen, and be further continued until the

Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, fft far as the same relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant. Reduced Adjur entitled to any Allowance under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and tam* nmy take Fortieth Year aforesaid, as revived and continued by this Act, may Allowanccf receive and take such Allowance together with the Pay of any such lie ^Allowance

Commission or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolu- to which entitled, ment as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant:

Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Ma^efly, other than such as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money Money for granted for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the and Clothing, Regular Militki when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and &c*, ru.ed undef paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby ^'^ar^at empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to \ydr y adopt irom time to time in that Behalf, and to authorize, empower and require the Agent General of the disembodied Militia to make such Payments accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every County in Eng- ReceiverOcne* land where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or 1 Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County respectively, ^l Py Aland in every County in Scotland where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the ra) and Subdivi-wjiole Sum# required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks lion Meetings, of the General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in England, at the Rates following; that is to say, to the Clerk Al-

of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meet-

9*o, C. 189. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

ings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting, and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferring the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery used for the Purposes of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties shall appear reasonable and proper, and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting, confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

How Payment

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Receivers General ^HWTS tUn England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allow* s* c* ance at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Liente-nants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and Ihsli also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or frch further Allowance as may be made as hereiuhefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings, which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sum To claimed, t shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively, a sufficient

Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings for thei- Trouble and Expcacts in the Execution of this Act in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the same manner in which Schoolmasters, Constables and other Per-G. 3. c. 91- fons employed in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second  a71. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jtm Act to raisi

and fjlabhjh a Militia Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

Bills drawn for

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all B3b Drafts and Pay, ic. on on- Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia when damped Paper, disembodied under this Act, may he or fh11 be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft br Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on undamped Paper.

No Fee taken.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of icy Warrant or Sum of Money whi^h shall be ifsped, in rebtiou to or iu pursuance of this Act.

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 18^ 190.

981

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Direc- Premiums of tions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained} relating Act rel, t, n5t* to Counties and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall extend

and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities  ums* and Places, and to all Battalions, gorps and Independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon % as fully and effectually as if they were respectively and severally repeated, in every such Provision, Direction, Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

[Continuance of Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of sum One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. CXC.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting tp His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parlia- c. a. antt.

ment, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and 1 on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was enacted,

that all and every the Persons who in and by certain Acts therein

mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the 19.

Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Commissioners (duly qualifying themselves) for putting the several Act

therein specified into Execution within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, should be Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates,

unless before the Day therein appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far

as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, some Act or Acts of Parliament should be made for naming and appointing special Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions,

Offices and Personal Estates: And Whereas it is expedient that other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into Execution

an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[- 38 G.j. t-i*

intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; of which

Act certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were

continued for ever by an Act made in the same Year, intituled An 3^ G. 3- c-6* 4 Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the

Manner therein fiatedy the several Sums of Money now cLa>ged in

 R 3*Great

9*

C. 190.

5* GEO. Hk

A.D. 1814.

Commissioner.

ppointed.

C a. ante.

SG.j. c. 5.

8 G. 3. c. 60.

Commissioners appointed lor BcotUnd.

3VG.3. cc 5-

60.

Qualifications lame as required by 38 G. 3. c.j.

58 G 3. C. 48.

Great Britain at A Land Tax, for One Tear9 from the Twenty J*ftk Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Persons hereafter named and mentioned; that is to say,

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales.]

Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax* in manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution the said recited Act made in this Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act made in the same Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons hereafter named and mentioned;

that is to say,

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons hereby appointed Commissioners shall have such and the same Qualifications, as are required by the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners; and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

---

[Persons in Cities, &c. having Qualification]

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Commissioner to act

A.D. 1814. 54 GEO. III. C. 190. 983

[may act as Commissioner.]

therein, shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts, or either of them, to act as such Commissioner in all cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Assessment then made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Act, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

[Justices may act as Commissioners though not specially qualified.]

Provided also, that all Persons who shall act as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may act as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act.

984 C. i, ii. 54 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

<local and personal acts sent to another file>

