658 C. i - iv. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi-Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

---

92 G. 3. c. 127-

u G. 9.

c. 9. end alto 41 G C, cxixii.

9 G. 3. c. 70. 13 G. 3. c. 9.

06 G. 3.. c.-90.

Cap. i.

AN Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Teesdale % to the Gate in the new Inclosures, called The Edge* in the Parish of Saint Andrew9s Auckland* and a Branch therefrom to Eggleston Bridge9 in the County of Durham. (b)

[11th March 1808.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act. of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Publick Passages in the City of frtnchester9 and several PariOies in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein, [nth March 180&J

Cap. lit*

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation.

[nth March 1808.]

34 G. 3. c. 103. 39 G. 3. c. v. 47 G. a. 11. a. e. ix.

SO. a. c. 64. 97 G, 4. c. 72.

Cap.

IV.

An Act for continuing and amending Two, Acts of the Fifth and*Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the

A.D. 1808.

C*

IV — XII

48 GEO. III..

Road from Hurflgrcen to the Extent of the Parish of Bunvafb, in the County of Sussex. {b) [nth March 1808.]

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scole Bridge to Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. {b)

[1 ith March 1808.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [\iihMarch 1808.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and inlarging the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton^ through Thirsk and Eajinvnvoldy to Burton Stone9 near the City of York, and alto.the Road from Thirsk to Tapclisse, in the County of York. (a)

[21st March 1808.]

Cap. viii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works, and to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works,

[21st March 1808.]

11 The East London Water Works Company empowered to purchase " the Shadwell and WeffHam Water Works from the London Dock Company."

Cap. ix.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[21st March 1808.] [5rr Geo. 3. c. Ivii. a Jimilar A3.2

Cap. x.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, ana other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, (b)

[21st March 1808.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol.

[21st March 1808.]

u Bristol Dock Company empowered to raise 180, 000l. additional. — 41 Works shall be completed by ift May 1809, or ^e Rates granted " under former Acts shall cease. — New Tonnage Duties granted s — 4* And also New Rates on Goods imported."

Cap. xii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafmgfon9 in the North Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [21st March 1808.]

U u w Nf|

5!>

sg.s. e, «r; 28 G. 3. e.

26 G. 2. e. 7s. 18 G. 3. c. 92.' 34 G. 3. c. lie,

3Sc4W.<t % i

c. 37.

91 G. 2. e. 8. 40 G. 3. c.xhriw 47 G. 3. ft. 9. c. v. & c. Ixiufe

83 G.'2. C. 46. 14 G.3. C. no.

43 G. 3. C. «l. 46 G. 3. C.SjpCfi

*6*

AD. 1808.

aao. 9.

11 G. 2. .* G. 3. 2^ G. 3.

41 G. 3 C. cxxvii

0 G.n.

25 G.a

42 G. 3

xu — xx.' 48° GEO. III.

" No Lease by the Rtftor of Lands allotted under this Act valid,k without Consent of the King as Patron of the Rectory. § 16

N

Cap. xiii.

c. 110. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of Hk.present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Bamjley Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and fur increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted. '*[28th March 1808.]

Cap. xir.

4t An Act to continue, several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies c.28. Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Aberbrothock, in

c.46. the County of Forfarr (c) [28th March 1808.]

*'Cap. xlr.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roatiday, in the Welft Riding of the County of York. (a)

[28th March 1808.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Miner a, in the Parish of Wrexham» in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.)

{[28th March 1808.]

" An Allotment of One-twentieth of the Common to His Majesty " as entitled to the Soil and Seigniority as Part of the Revenues of " the Principality of Wales. § 1. 23. — Extract of Award shall be transmitted to Surveyor of Land Revenue. $ 30. — Saving of the " King's Right6 and Profits of Manerial Jurisdiction. § 38/*

' Cap. xvii.

An Act for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton.

[b)

£i4th April 1808.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the lame.

[14th April 1808.]

" Company empowered to raise 30, 000l. Additional.'*'

Cap. xix.

c. 93. An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Ma-. c. 103. jesty, for amending the Road from the Town of Btddenden9 to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham* at Boundgate, in the County of Kent, (r) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xx.

Ck^An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, a9 relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen.

[i4thy^prfV 1808.]

" Power to raise further Sums on Credit of the Rates."

A.D. 1808.

i

48° GEO. III. C. xxi — OCXViii.

61

Cap. xxi.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, v 1 in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. ix. and Note there*]

Cap./ xxii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William ia & i* w. 3. the Third, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, in the Borough c. 6. pr. of King9* Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in 13 g. 3. c.fio. the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newton in the JJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and iti'Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Act.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the i<i % 3. c. «$. Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the 6G. a. c. 146. Road from Barton Waterftde House to Rifiham Hedge Comer, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln (c)

£ Y4th April 1808.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 37 G. a. c.71. an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gainsborough Bridge to East Retford, and' to Gringley-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham (r)

[14th 1808.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of i8 G. 9. c. 16. Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, ior repairinetbe Road 11 G.3. c. b-i. from Tadcaster Bridge, 'within the County of the City of York, to 32 G. a. c. i5S. a Place called Hobmoor Lane End. (a) [14th April 1808»J

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 6 G. 3. c. 59. Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and 37 G. a. c, 86. widening the Road from Beverley by Molescroft to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York, (b)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several 26g. 9. c. 40. Acts for repairing the Road from CarliJU to Penrith, and from 19 G. a. c. 97. Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland, (a) asG.s.r.xxii^.

[14th April 1808.]

661

C. xxix — xxxviL

1808.

so G. 3. C. 76* gpG.a. c. 97.

f G. 3. c. 7T. }1 G. 3. c. 31.

6 G. 3. c. 69. 36 G. 3. C. 134.

16 G. 0. c. 75. 36G.8. c. 144.

6'G. 3. t.18. 37. P» 6. || 88*

S C. 3. c. 66. 37 G. 3. c. 70*

48° GEO. IlL

Cap. xxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheiing Bofi Hills, in the County of Sitffex 5 and for amending the Road from Ditcheiing Bofi Hills to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex.

[b) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for enlarging-the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sternal AJb, in the County of tyarmcl, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham. (r)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wirkfworib Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Idcridgcbay, to the Town of Duffield, in the County of Derby* (a)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxii.

Air Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby (r)

N [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Black-burn and Prefion Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of'His present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Two Districts of Roads therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to itanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford* (b)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gay wood and MintJyn, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [ 14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thakebam, SuRington, and Shipley, in the County of Sussex* (q. P.) [14th April 1808.]

Cap xxxvii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wrotbam Heath, in the CouaLy of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey. (c) [27th May 1808.]

A.D. 1808.

C. xxrviii — xliii,

663

48° GEO. III.

0

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the* Powers, of Two Acts, c g. 3. e. §7.

' for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turn- S8G. 3. c. so. pike Road# to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of uerby; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, in the said County, (r) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Walfingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton next Walsingham, in the County of Norfolk (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Cap. xl.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year j*g. 3. c. n» of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John of Beverley, and of Skidhy, in the E&ft Riding of the County of York* [27th May 1808.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Nefs9 at Invemefsy widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police> and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh.

[27th May 1808.]

" Pontage Duties granted. § 3. Powers to improve Harbour. § n.'*

XII. And be further enacted, That if any Person or Person^ what- Peraftyo* soever shall, after the puffing of this Act, wilfully and maliciously set defer on Fire any of the Pjers, Quays, Jetties, Breaus, or other Works in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials intended

for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall funer Punishment by Transportation, Fine, or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender'or Offenders shall be tried ana convicted.

" Rates on Merchandize shipped or landed at the Harbour, according " to a Schedule. § 19. — The Royalty 4>f the Burgh of Invent]*

" extended, § 33."

Cap. xlii.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorlatsy in the County of Lanerk\ paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets' andTPassages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th May 1E08.J

" Continuance of Act as to levying Assessments and appointing Qffi*

" cm 5 14 Years, fitc. from the passing of the Act.*

Cap. xliii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchejterf in the County Palatine of Lancaster*

[37th May 1808.*]

Uu4 "Jurisdiction

664 C. xliii — xlvii. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

" Jurisdiction extends to 5/. — A Barrister of Six Yean fhmding to 4< be appointed by His Majesty, or by the Chancellor of the Duchy " of LaticaRcr, to be Chairman of the Commissioners, with a calling 4i Vote. — Record of Judgment may be removed into Superior Courts* €( and Execution issued thereon."

Cap. xliv.

An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water. 1 [27th May 1808.]

Cap xlv.

46 G. 9. An Act for paving, cleaning, watching, lighting, and regulating the

c. court.'Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Fermoy* in

the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obitruftions therein, and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town.

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, in the said County.

[27th May 1808.]

The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company incorporated, $ 1."

TVftroying the LXV- And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wil-Worlcs, iingie fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, felony. break, throw down, damage, destroy, steal, or take away any Part

of the said Railway, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of arbitrary Punishment.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troon situate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Her late Majesty Queen Anne, by Charter bearing Date the Fifth Day of August, and sealed at Edinburgh the Tenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seven, granted to William Fullerton and his Heim, therein mentioned, the Port, Marine Station, and Harbour of Troon, therein declared to be a Free Port, Marine Station, and Harbour, with Power to improve, repair, erect, and build the same, for receiving all Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, and to levy and apply to their own use the Anchorages, and all petty Customs, Casualties, and Duties thereof: And whereas the said Harbour of Troon, which is situate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr, in its prefect State, does not afford sufficient Security and Accommodation to Vessels lying the rein: And whereas by erecting Piers or Ramparts,

4 enlarging the said Harbour, and making a Wet Dock, wfth a 4 cfefit Quay or Quays thereto for tho convenient loading and unloading

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. xlvii, xlviii. £65

of Ships, and by making and maintaining such other Works as may

be necessary for their Reception and convenient lying the rein, the said Harbour would be rendered safe and commodious to the gfeat Benefit of Owners of Vessels, Merchants, and others, trading to and from the same, and weald be of publick Utility: and whereas the most Honourable William Henry Ca'uendish Bentinck Scott* commonly called Marquis of TitchfeUL now claims to be Proprietor of the said Harbour, and is desirous, at his own Expence, of enlarging

the said Harbour, and of erecting, making, and maintaining the said Wet Dock, Piers or Ramparts, Quays and such other Works as are necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and Accom-

modation of Vessels lying the rein; but as the said Anchorages, petty Customs, Cafualtics, and Duties, would be inadequate to such his ' Purpose, and have not been properly ascertained, it would be expedient that the same should be abolished, apd that other Rates and Duties should be granted and made payable: But as the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Power to makend may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietor* of the said Wet Docks, &c. Harbour for the Time being, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to erect, conitruct,

make, build, do, maintain, and support such Wet Docks, Entrances,

Piers, or Ramparts, Quays, Buoys, and such other Works, as he, she, or they shall deem necessary or expedient for the Improvement of the said Harbour of Troon* and for the Reception and Accommodation of Sfups.and Vuflels lying the rein, and for the convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels.1

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Pentlty on def-Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter ^j^y"*'wilfully or designedly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on Fire < the said Wet Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of them, or any'the Works which shall be constructetf in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall prilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping pr Goods within the same, or shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said harbour, for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punish-pent may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and coaviCfced.

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for making a navigable Cut from the East Side of the RivCr Tees, near Stockton* into the said River near Port rack* in the County of Durham; and niaking various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton, pod the Sea.

[27th May 1808.]

The

666

C. xlviii — -Iv. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

" The Tees Navigation Company incorporated. — Tonnage Duties, «and LfighuHouie Duties, granted.9'

Capsxlixt

ai G. 3: c.-59. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the frrenil Acts relating

3« 0.3. c.xx*i. to the Worcester and Birmingham "Canal Navigation.

44Q, a. e.»uT., [27th May 1808.]

u The Company empowered to raise a further Sum of 168, 000l.: and 40, ocq/, more* if necessary."

Cap. I.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codjbcaih, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, [27th May 1808.]

u Jurisdiction, 5/. $ 14. — Not to extend to Complaints respcding^Servants and their Wages* provided for by 10 Geo. ?. C.19. and M 31 Geo. 2. c. 11.*-Record of Judgment removeable into Superior <* Court* and Execution thereon. — No Privilege to Attornies/*

Cap. li.

ax G. a. c.37. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act. of His present Majesty* for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts withm the City of Rochejkr, the Parish of Strcod, and several other Parishet and Places in the County of Kent, [27th May 1808.]

[Jurijdulion extended to 5I.]

*G.a. e. 7S. 3*0.3. c. S3.

>* G. 3. c. 4. 7 G. 3. c. 70. 36 G. 3. c. 95.

*7 G. 3. c. 371.

IrKh Arts,

3; G. 9.. 19. 15Kc 16 G. 3. c. 12 Repealed.

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing the TeVm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidjl^ne to Key Street, in the County of Kent. (r)

[27th Afoy 1808.]

Cafi liii.

An KB, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing* the Road leading from the Town of KingJton-upen-Hull9 to and through the Town of Anl^by, and from thence to the Town of Kiri Ella\ in the County of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull. (c)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. liv.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge, the Powers, of an Act for, repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinross, to 1 Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan (6) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Athey in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cajllecomer9 in the County of K'dkumy, and to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Cafileeamer.

[27th May 1808.]

A.D. 180&

C.lvi — Ixiw

(67

4$# GEO. III

Cap. Ivi.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of i2 o. a. c. n. Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road ai G. a. c. to from Chesterfield* in the County of Derby to Worksop, in the County a. <* 152. of Nottingham* and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the lame relate to the Read from Chesterfield to Wor if of (b)

[27th May 1808.]

v Cap. lvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present ysG.3 c.99»fr, Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth to the ColKerr near Pinxton Green* in the County of Nottingham. (r) [aytn May 1808.]

Cap. Jviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 4 G. 3. «. s«. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ifiorlfop* in the 26G.3. % ias* County of Nottingham* to AttercTtjfe, in the County of York. (4)

[27th J/jy 1808.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty* 27 G. a. o 76* seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham {b)*127th May 1808.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 47 G. 3. ft. for making and maintaining Roads from Percy*s Croft to Milfield c. xiii.

Burn, and from JVooler to Bowfdon Bum» in the County of Northumberland.

[27th May 1808.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells* in the County of Kent* to Ringles Croft* near Ucifield* in the County of Sussex. (c)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. Ixii.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the River Alton in the Borough of Tewkesbury* in the County of Gloueefier, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.

[27th May 1808.]

44 Pirfent Bridge may be pulled down by Trustees, and a temporary Bridge erected till the new Bridge, to be built under this Act, is «4 completed. § 14.54."

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully blow up, pull down or destroy the present Bridge or the said temporary Bridge, or the said new Bndge, or any* Pier or Piers, Arch or Arches thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Toll Houses or Toll Gates, Side Bars or Chains erected or set up or to be erected or set up upon or near the said Bridges, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings or Ercdions made in pursuance of this Act, or cause or procure or direct the same to be done, every Person so

4 offending

6 G. 3. r. 85. 14 G. 3. c. 97-

Penalty on injuring the Bridge, . ftngle Felony.

C. lxii — Ixix,

13 G. 1. C. 16. ^19 G. 2. c. 34. 6 G. 3. c. 83. 96 G. 3. c. 138. 22 G. 4. c. 8.

9 G. 3. . 65. ftl G.3. c. 125.

12 G. 1. C. 9.

G. 2. c. 6.

28 G.2. ft. 17* 4 G. 3. C. 70. 12 G. 3. c. 77*

5 G. 3. e. 70. 27 G. 3. c. 74.

25 G, 2. C. 22. 29 G'. 2. c. 93. 28 G. 3. c. 112.

7 G. 3. ft. 84. 12 G. 3. ft. 92.

5 G. 3. ft. 51.

6 G.3. ft. 23.

48° GEO. III.

1^.1^. 1808

offending on being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whdtn such Person shall be tried and conri&rd, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Person s to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or may in Mitigation of such Puniftunent pronounce such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

*, Cap. lxiii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge, through the Town of Grantham, to the Division Stone on Witham Common, all in the County of Lincoln, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto. («) [27th May 1808.]

24 G, 2* ft* 3, 27 G. 3. «. 92. All repelled as to Hoads uader this Act

Cap. bciv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tables, in the County of Chester, and for making a new Road horn Birttes to Macdefield aforesaid. (0) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for the more effectually repairing a certain Road called The Wailing Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. (a) [27th May 1808.]

All repealed as to Roads under this Act.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for pontinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Key berry Bridge to the Passage at ShalUon, and from the said Bridge to thp Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon. (b) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxvii,

An Act for continuing, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Act of His late and prpfent Majesty, for amending the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as respects the Chester District of the said Roads. (£)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. Ixviii,

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to SiviftfeLu, and from Frant to PoJJingworth Great Wqod; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads. (A)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. Ixix,

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid lor measuring, searching, and finding Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, under Two Acts of His present Majesty.

[27th May 1808.]

t

The

A.D. 1Soft*

48° GEO. III. C. Ixix, Ixx. 669

" The Surplus of Sums received for the Duties on meafnring, stamp-" ing, and foaling Cloths under the Acts, 5 G. 3. r. 51. Sc 6 G. 3.

" r. 23. after t*he Application thereof under § 28, of the Ad,

44 5 G- 3- & § 24, l"e Ad, 6 G. 3. may be annually applied under U Order of the Michaelmas Quarter SeUions, in Payment of Coils tx and Expenses incurred by the Trustees of the mixed and White " Cloth Halls, in Lcediy by Applications to Parliament, and Prosecutions relating to the weaving and making of Cloth in the Wed " Riding, and carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution."

Cap< lxx.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the thirty-first Vear of His late Majesty fur the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Assize thereof: and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Provisions and Regulations contained in the 31 G. t. «.19.

Statute made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the

due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJJi % e thereof and to punish Personswbo shall adulterate Mealy Floury or Bready so far as the same relates to the weighing of Bread, and to the

punching of Persons whose Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, t

have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Provisions

and Regulations should be made in lieu thereof in respect to thfe

weighing of Bread within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within

Ten Miles of the* Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted,

and the punishing of Persons residing within those Limits whose Bread shall be found deficient in WeightMay it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by* the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That So much of from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as re- recited Act, lates to the weighing of Bread, and the punishing of Persons whose i a4» a8#) Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, so far as the same extends

to Persons residing within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within in'vVeight

Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except a9 hereafter is excepted, within the Bills shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and instead thereof, be it of Mortality, &c, x enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That replied, if any Person or Persons residing within the 'Weekly Bilb of Mortality, or within Ten-Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as afore-{aid, who shall make any Bread for Sale, or who shall send out, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread, shall at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, make, send out, fell, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize which shall be fot, for any such Bread, from Time to Time to be sold at, in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, then it shall bevlawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, before whom any Information shall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses of anytuch Deficiency in Weight; and alf6 for any Peace

6 Officer

6ja

Mode of ft*iiihg end weighing Bread,

{Except in London;

See § 6.) suspected to be # deficient in Weight.

Penalty 5a. to is. per Onnce deficient.

Sellers of Bread shall keep Scales in their Shops, and weigh Bread for their Cuiiomen.

C. lx*. 48° GEO. III. A.D.tSofcr

Officer or Officers authorized by Warrant under the'Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving such Information' upon Oath as aforesaid), at seasonable Times in the Dayttime, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, or Out-house, of or belonging to any such Baker or Seller of Bread, ag&inft whom such Information shall have been made as aforesaid, to search for, view, weigh, and try all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and fhafi have been baked within Twenty-four Hours next preceding the Time of the same being so weighed, and which Bread may be weighed by the Bushel, or in any larger or.smaller Quantity, as mav be found most convenient: And'if on the weighing of such Bread any Deficiency shall be found in its due Weight, on the Average of the whole Weight of all such Bread as Audi be then and there found, and which shall have been baked within Twenty-four Hours as aforesaid, and which Deficiency shall be proved before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justke or Jufuces, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the same, then he or they so offending in the Premises, and being thereof convicted in Manner as by the said Act is directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, norlefs than One Shilling, for every Ounce of Bread which shall be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all such Bread as shall have been so weighed, and so in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight less than an Ounce, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Deficiency in Weight shall be proved as aforesaid, shall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted: And any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may in such Case, where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Avenge as aforesaid, seize all such Loaves as shall be found deficient in their due Weight; and any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, except it shall be proved to any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties against whom any such Information shall be made, by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more respectable House-'keeper, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident in baking, or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles'of thfe Royal Exchange, except as aforesaid, shall have fixed iii some convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Assize Weight of a Quartern Loaf and an Half, Quartern Loaf 5 and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves of Bread of any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if be, she, or they shall think proper, require the same to be weighed in his, her, or their Presence; and if any such Loaf or Loaves shall be 'found deficient in Weight, then the Person or Persons demanding the same to be, so weighed fhafi have the Deficiency made up with other Bread, or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required.

JII. And

Ci 1st.

6jx

48° GEO. III.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Baker dr Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchanget except as aforesaid, who shall neglect to fix stich Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her'Shop; or to provide and keep for life proper Weights, or whose Weights shall he deficient in their due Weight, or who shall rcfiife to weigh any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves purchased in his, her, or their Shop, in the Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Jufiicerf, before whom such Offender shall be convictsd,§011 think fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions contained in the find recited Act so far as the same are not altered or repealed by this Act, shall respectively extend and relate to this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes thereof, and shall be exercised for putting the same in Execution, and enforcing the Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the same Clauses were herein contained, apd at large re-enacted; and the Penalties by this A ft indieted, shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties by the said Act infiisted, are directed to be recovered and applied by the same Act, or by any subsequent Act for amending the lame.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master, Mill refs, Journeyman, or other Person respectively exercising, or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, within the City of JJondont or within Twelve Miles of the said City, shall on the Lord's Day, or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes, of any Sort or Kind, or shall, on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, ana One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit, or suffer to be sold, or exposed to Sale, any Household or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake, or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart, or Victuals, except as hereinafter is excepted, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in feting and superintending the Sponge, to prepare the Bread, or Dough, for the following Day's Baking: And every Person offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One, or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed, between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, within Six Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Confession by the Party, or Proof, by One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, shall for every such Offence, forfeit, pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty, and Puniftunent, hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, for the first Offence, the Penalty of Ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the third, and^very subsequent Offence respectively, the Penalty of Forty Shilling, and shall moreover on every such* Conviction, bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the

Prosecution,

Penalty for

SO*.

to As.

PmrmofAA 01 G. 2.C. 39* extended to this Act

BA-en flail or*

bake Bread or Rolls on Sundays: nor fell Bread, tt«r bake Meat, " Pies, See.'except from Nine till Om on Sundays.

Penalty first Offence JOs. Second, 20s>. Third, ike ipa.

1

<?7*

C. lxxt lxxi.

A.D. 1808. 1

Rrcormnd

ApplkalluD

thereof*

Savin* th«

of the City of'Dndon, Ike.

48° GEO. III.

Prosecution, such Costs and Expences to be assessect, settled, and ascertained by the Justice considing, and the Amount thereof, to* gether with such Part of the Penalty, as such Justice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, for Loss of Time in inflituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, for his and their own Use and Benefit; and the Re-liduc of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expences, as aforesaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall, and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and it) Default pr Insufficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders, to the House of Cor* rection, on a first Offence, for the Space of Seven Days, on a second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a third, or any subsequent Offence, for the Space of One Month, unless the whole of the Penalty, Costs, and Expences be sooner paid and dil* charged; Provided, nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Matter or Mistress Baker, residing within the Limits aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Customers on the Lord's Day any Bakings, until Half an Hour past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained*

' VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to exte.id to any Baker or other Perfrtn residing in, or carrying on the Trade or Business of a Baker, within the City of London* or the Liberties thereof, except so far as respects the exercising the Trade of a Baker on the Lord's Day as aforesaid, or in any Ways to afieft, leflhn, or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of tKe City of London* or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City, or of tl* Wardmote Inquests of the said City, or of the City or Liberties of WestminPcr* or Borough of Southwark* or any Right or Custom of ar.v Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place which may be exercised or enjoyed by them or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-Laws, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants, or Acts of Parliament; but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised and enjoyed by the Parties nespectively intitled thereto, as fully and amply to all Intents and Puimoses, as the same were held, exercised, and enjoyed before the pdfnng. of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, Regard being at all Times had to the Average Weight of Bread as before diiefted*

" Public Act. § 7."

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of florfe Hides in making Boot* and Shoes,

and

49 G. 3. r. cvi.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. lxxi — lxxvi* (7)

and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[27th May 1808.]

u Act 43 G. 3. r.cvi. recited and repealed. § i. — Seven Cotnmif*

fioner8 named, who, together with Seven others to be annually '

u elected by the Butchers' Company in London, Seven by the Cur-M Hers' Company, and Seven by the Cordwainers* Company, are to " be Commissioners for executing this Act in London, Westminster,

" Southward and within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange u of London. § 2 — 19. Penalties on Owners of Hides or Skins* negligently cut or galhed in the Flaying thereof; from 2/. 6d.

" to One Halfpenny per Skin. § 20, 21. Skins to be brought to Leadenhatt Market, &c. to be inspested, if flayed within Five u Miles of the Royal Exchange. § 22, 23. Election and Appoint*

" ment of Inspectors, their Fees and Attendance. $ 24, &c. Inform-M ation for Offences under this Act limited to Seven Days. § 53."

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for vesting detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Right

Honourable Thomas Lord I*e Defpeneer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling'other Estates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said settled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same. (q. P.)*[27th May 1808.]

' Cap. Ixxiff.

An Act for vesting the detached Estates, devised by the Will of the late Henry Hervey dfton, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trail to fell the lame, and to lay out the Moneyt arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Eftatqp. (ql P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years pot exceeding Ninety-nine Years, (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxv.'

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke,

Esquire, and the Trustees of his settled Estates. (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rents, and Tithes, in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to enable the Devisees under the same Will to enfranchise certain customary Estates holden of several Manors in the said Counties, settled by the same Will, and for applying Part of the Money arising from i'uch Sales and En« franebifemeots in paying off certain Legacies given by the said Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [27th May 1808: J

7 48 Geo. III.

Xx

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the Hospital

for Poor French Protestants and their Descendants residing in

Great Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the Buildings

and the Lands belonging to the said Hospital, or such Part

thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leases* (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kifby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.) [27th May 1808, ]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe* of Chipping Afition and Rilchefier9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (q. P.)

[zyxhMaj 1808.]

Cap. Ixxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bawdefwell and Ling, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stotter, in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.) £27th May 1808.]

[And for making Compensation for Tithet.]

Cap. Ixxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury, in the County.oi Northumberland, (q. p.) ([27th May 1808.]

*- 9

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abergele, in the County oi Denbigh* (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

" Allotment to His Majesty of One-twentieth in lieu of his Title to " the Soil in right of his Crown. $ 16. — Ext raft of Award shall be " transmitted to 'Surveyor of Land Revenue. §18. Saying of His Majesfcy's Rights to Minej. § 36."

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodham, in the County oi Norfolk, (q. P.) [27th Jfay 1808.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Wicklcnonod* in the County oi Norfolk. (q. P.) [27th May 1806.3

Cap. Ixxxvi.

An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pan eras, in the County of Middlesex..[lft June 1808.]

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. lxxxvK — xcv. Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, dnd other public* Passages and Places, in the Town of Severity9in the County of York* [ift June 180B.J

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts withiir the Hundreds of Wtftbury, Warminfer, Heytcfbury* and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts., [ift Jane 1808.]

44 Jurisdt&ion, 5/. § I7.--No Privilege to Attornies."

Capi llxxix.

An Act for the more better and mote easy rebuilding of the To'wn of Ghudkigh, in the County of Devon; for determining Differences touching Houses demolished by the late Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire.

[ift June 1808.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 6 0.3. c. 89. Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from aaG.a.e. the Bottom of Church Lane9 in the Town of Newaftle-under-lyne9 in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Woor to Cht/ltr, near.Namptwichf in the County of Chesteri and other Roads therein mentioned. (b) [ift June 1808.]

Cap. xcl.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the srsG.a. c.iro* Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends, ' near Wortley, ln# the West Riding of the County of York, (e) [ift June 1808.]

Cap. xcii.*

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford arid Whitechapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex (£) [ift June 1808*3 -

' Cap. xciii. '

An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Estates and Property in 45£.3.c.lxxxliu Irstand, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormond and OJfory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or disposed of under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. (q. P.) [ift June 1808.]

1

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [ift June 1808.]

v Cap. xcv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Witbington, and certain Chapelries, Townships, and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford* (q. P.) [jrft June 280843

XX2

C. xcvi — cii.

A.D. 1808.

676

48° GEO. m.

Cap. xcvi.

An Act to enable the Commercial Insurance Company of Dutfin to sue, and W sued, in the Name of their Secretary.

[3d June 1808.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke* in the County of Middlesex.

[3d June 1808.]

" Stat. 6 (7. 2. f.21. separating the Parish of Saint Luke from that* of Saint Giles: and Stats. 30 G. 2. c. 42. & 22 G. 3. c, 56. for providing for the Poor* of Saint Luke, recited. — So much of " 6 G. 2. as relates to the Vestrymen, repealed. — The Acts 30 G. 2. c. 42. and 22 (7. 3. c. 56. repealed. But not to affect Vefiryinen under 38 G. 3. c. 33."

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Ashton^under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Aon-cajler9 and within the Tpwnft&ips of Stay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[3d June 1808.]

44 Jurisdiction, y/.-r-No Privilege to Attornies.'*

Cap. xeix.

41 G. 3.c. icd. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey 47 G.Z.Jl. 2, Canal to supply with Water the 'several Towns, Districts, and JPlaces therein mentioned, and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal.

[3d June 1808.]

44 The Company allowed to supply Water to Rotherhithe, Ne<s? u Croft, Bermondsey, Camberwell, IPalwortbp and Peckham, and w Places adjacent. — 14, 000l. may be raised by new Shares."

Cap. c.

7 G. i.c.26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts fer re-

c* 8- pairing the Road from Saint Giles9s Pound to K'tlbourne Bridge,

WG 3 c no and for making a new Road from the groat Northern Road at JJlington to the Edge ware Road, near Paddington, in the Cou^.tv of Middlesex. (h), r ^tnxe iSjS.j

Cap. ci.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Brighth Imflcn: Road at Pyecomhe to the Cuekfeld Road at Staplefeld Commsu, arid from Pyccombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Sitsex. (£) x [3d June iScS.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey the Freehold a»-d Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of John Crefer Esquire, deceased, and to lay out th? Money urifing by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be feitled in lieu thbreof, and to the same Uses. (q. P,) [3d June iScS.j

48° GEO. III. C. ciii — cvii. 477

Cap. ciii.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the

Manors of Sheffield and &cclefall9 in the County of York, (a) 1

[18th June 1808.]

" Stat. 29 G. 2. c. 37. repealed. — Cormnissioners appointed: Juris-« diction, 5/. — Justices out of the Jurisdiction may indorse the

Precept of Execution, which shall be executed accordingly. — u No'Privilege to Attornies." 1

Cap. civ.

An Act for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick -upon -Tweed.

[ 18th June 1808. ]

" Duties on Goods and Tonnage Duties granted. — Pilots may be licensed and regulated.' — Rates of Pilotage."

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons panifbroent for whomsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, drflvpying the or wantonly demolish, destroy, or break down or steal, take or carry fcc.fisgk away any of the Works made or provided by virtue of this Act, or Fdonj. any of the Materials thereof, or provided for the same, or shall break down or carry away any Part of the said old Pier, or any of the Stones or Materials formerly Part thereof, and now lying near the same, or any of the Rocks or Stones lying between The Meadow Haven and the Bed of the said River 7Wa/, or any of the Materials of the present or future Quays or Wharfs in the said Harbour, every such Person or Persons so offending in, any of the Cases aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Person and Persons shall be convicted have hereby Power and Authority to adjudge such Felon and Felons to be tram* ported for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Feloas are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this '

Realm, or in Mitigation of furh Punishment the said Court may pass such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cv.

An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging*the Powers of so 93 G. a.e. lit. much of an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making G.a.c. -effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness9 and levying fcc 4a G. a. a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, c*B0, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. (£)

£i8th Jwe 1808.]

Cap. evi.

An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Irish A At, Improvement of the Harbour of Drogheda.

[18th June x8q8.]J aoG.a.c.39*

[Recited Afy continued for One Tedr9

Cap. cvii.

An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Divii fion of the County of Suffiex9 tQ take down the present Shire HaU or Sessions House in the Town of Lewes9and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a more convenient Situation within the said Town.

[18th June 1808.]

Xx3 XXXIL

678

Puniflisnent of Person* dtnilaging or drftroying Sliire Hall, single Felohj.

I

9G.3.C. 33.

37 G. 3. c. 107. &39G. 3. C.32. p part repealed.

9G.3.C.38.

JJG.3.C. 33.

G. cvi! — cxi. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perform shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, linage or destroy the said Shire Hall, Sessions House or buildings so to be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereto be* longing, such Person or Persons being lawfully cotivicted thereof ihajl be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Fcnons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transpprted for Severn Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are di* reded to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, jpr to fuller such Corporal Punishment- by Whipping or otherwise, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as to the said £oiirt before whom such Person or persons shall be tried shall seem meet; and the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or the major Part of them in Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indidmentt, and to diced the Expences of such Prosecutions to be. paid by the Trrafurer or Treasurers of the said Eastern Dirifion of the said County of out

of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the Eastern Division of the said County; and in every such Indictment such Shire Hall, Sessions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances, shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Shire Hall, Sessions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances (as the Case may be) of* The Justices of the Peace for the County of Sujfexf* without particularly naming or specifying the Name or fcfames of all or any of the said Justices,

Cap. cviii.

An Act for fendering more effectual an A# of His orefent Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands lying on both aides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, to the Sea, £i8th June 1808.]

Cap. cix.

An Act to' amend and enlarge the Powers of aq Ad, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hulh f 18th June 1808. ]

4* Juris^idion extended to 5 /. — Record of Judgment may be removed " into superior Courts, and Execution issued thereon."

Cap. cx.

An Act for \he mo* efify ar>4 speedy Recovery of Small Debts withiq the Township of Wolverhampton, and in several Parishes and Places fhereia mentioned, in the 9?uwy of Stafford, [ 8th June 1808.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of His ptefent Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henleyupon-Thames % in the County of Oxford, [18th June 1898.3

A.D. 18081

C. cxii — cxix.

679

48° GEO. III.

Cap. cxii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Power* of Two Acts for repairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March burn. (c) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the Division Stone in South IVitbam, in the County of Lincoln. (a) [28th June 1808.]

Cap. cxiv, s

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act for repairing the Road^ from Merlin91 Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pern* broke. (r).[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain £ dates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the Uses of His Lord* ship's Will. (q. P.) [18th June 18^8.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for enabling the Master, Wardens, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars of the College of GotPt Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the same College, in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough, deceased, in Trustees, in trust to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Cathcrlough, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) £i8th June 1808.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for opubling the Troftees under the Will of William Banket, Esquire, deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates, late of the said William Banket, and for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the said William Banket, "to grant Leases of such Part of his Estatea as shall remain unfold, (q. P.) 4 [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act fba veiling Part of the settled and devised Estates of Sir John William De la Foie, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said settled and devised £ftates in the Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[i8th/ane 1808.I

ec.a.c. 73. 97 G. 3.e. 79.

19 G. 9. c. 8. 94 G. 9. C. 3. 97 G. 3. r. 99, repealed m to South

of the Road.

689

Irish Act, l G. 2. (not printed.)

C. cwt — cxxyu 48° GEO. III, JLD.iSoff,

Cap. cxx.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh9 Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Warrington, and in the township of Bleakley near Manchester, in the County of Lancasterf and to accept Surrenders, and for appointing of new Trustees, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to perpetuate and better regulate the charitable Foundation of DoBor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bishop of Water-

' ford'and Lismore, in the City of Waterford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. (q.P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John Ampblett, Esquire, with Elina Ann his Wife. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee A3onf Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of the late Baptist Le< % Esquire. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for vesting the Share of Thomas Knight Cooky an Infant, of and in the Estates late of the Reverend Thomas Knightf Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom under the Direction of the Court or Chancery in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed to the Use of nun the said Thomas Knight Cooky and his Heirs, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two,

; between William Mellijby Esquire, deceased, and Charles MeUfh, Esquire, his elded Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments, of the said William Mellish and Charles Mellijby in the Parish of Blyth, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage, (q. P.)

[i3th June1808.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act to enable John Holton Verey Devisee for his own Life d) Possession of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situate at or near Kilburn in the Parish of Hampfleady in the County of Middie-feuy under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Holton Vert, late of Saint Martin's Laney in the said County of Middlesex9

Gentleman*

4'D.1808.

C. cxrv!. — cxxxii.

48° GEO'. Ill

681

Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Lease? of the same E dates fbraay Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years* (q. P.)

[18th June i$o8.J

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for enabling Sir Oswald Mofley, Baronet, to grant certain

Lands and Hereditaments in the'Parish of Manchester, in the.

County Palatine- of Lancaster, for the Purposes of the Manchester Publick Infirmary, Dispensary, Lutfatick Hospital, and Asylum, and for veiling the Property and Effe£ts belonging to the said Charity in Trustees, for the Benefit thereof, (q. P.)

[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Watlington % in the County of Oxford. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hathersage, in the County of Derby^ (q.P.) [18th Jane 1808.]

Allotment to His Majesty as an Equivalent fora Rent or Fee called M Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabitants of Hathersage to His Majesty in right of his Dutchy of Lancaster % and for any other* dry and unimprovable Rents so payable. § 11. Extract of the* Award to be transmitted to the Dutchy Gourt. § 45."

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chertsey and Manor of Chertsey JBeomondt in the County of Surrey, (q. P.)

[18th Jute 1808.]

Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Chertsey* Beomondf in right of his Crown. 4 19. Extract of Award to be " transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue. § 47.!*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Saint See flat. 4 7G.au Afaph9 in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within Ji* 2. c. kii. the Franchise of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint, (q. P.)

[18th June 1808.J

Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Denbigh and 4€ Denbighland in right of his Crown. § 14. Extract of Award shall < be transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue* $ 16. Saving f* of His Majesty's Rights to Mines. § 33."

Cap. cxxxii. 1

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton« in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

A.D. 1So8.

6Sz

C. cxxxiii — cxxxvriL 48° GEO. III.

Irtft A£te,

30 G, 3.r. 01.

soti.a. c.^4.

Pmwflrnent for detouring Works, Cngle FeJopy.

4 G. 9. f. 63. 97 G. 3. c. 95.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for allotting1 and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Chdmwoad, otherwise Charley Forest or Chase, and Rotbley Plain, in the County of Leicester. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

tc Leases bj Rector of Switbland, or Vicar of Wbtivnck, {ball not be valid without Consent of His Majesty as Patron. \ 80* Extract', of Award as to Allotments to His Majesty in right of certain* Meffuaget in St ant on-under Bardon, shall be transmitted to Surrey or w General of Land Revenue# § 87."

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors'of Kingitou-p*n-Thamct and Imworth, otherwise Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lands for the Furpofc of providing a Court House and Market House for the said Town. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifil of Cheel/y, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) £|8th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act to amend Two Acts, so far as relate to supplying the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Vessels using the same; and for extending the Junfdiftion of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts, '[23d June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Colchffler, in the County of Efft* [33d June 1808.]

ic Company of Proprietors of the Colchester Waterworks, incor-w porated.M

LXVI. And be it flirther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, or deft roy any Bank or Banks or pther Works erested, m?de, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the* Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and oonyisted, shall hate Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter* and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Hajlemen, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Svff x, and Southampton, (c) [23d June 1808.]

7

A.D. 18d8t

C. cxxxix — cxlv.

4«o GEO. m

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavemjpite to the Towns of 11 G.a. Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberjlqn Making, and from LovejlonoG.a. Mountain to Canaflon JSridge, in the County of Pembroke (a) irpwsd.

[23d June 1808.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the

' County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowson of the Redory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Possessions of the See of Ely, for the Redory of Burgate, in the County of Suffolk, vetted in the said John Tharp. (q. P.)

[23d June 1808.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon trusts as to certain Parts which nave been contradexl to be sold, to convey the same to the icspective Purchasers, and as to the Refiduc, in trust to sell the same, and for invetting the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other' Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the |ame Uses, (q. P.) [25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts. nsG. a. passed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of PTm r the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bishop G* 3: , ot London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lanas 4^0.3. in the Paritti of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. (q* P.) [25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxliii.

\An Act for vesting in Trustees, the Personal Ettate of the Reverend Richard Daniel\ Matter of Arts in the University of Duplin, and making them a Corporation for the Puroofes of carrying into Effect. the charitable Designs and Intentions of the Will of the said Richard Daniel, (q. P.) [25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Careswell, Gentleman deceased, in Trustees for the charitable Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in Ireland, for the bettor Edu- Irish Act cation of Persons profelling the Roman Catholick Religion, and 85 G. 3. for the better Government of the Seminary established at maynooth G* for the Education of such Persons, so far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits, (q. P.) [25th June 1808*3

f? Trustees of the College empowered to compromise Suits. Trustees

V alfp empowered to purchase Lands, not exceeding 1000A per^M Apnum,

683

c. 96. f. 91,

.83. 0. 63. c.ciiii.

c. 21. €. S3.

684

47 G. ». 2.

r. cxi.

31 G. 9. e: 109. rtpnkd.

Ccxlv — cliii. 48° GEO. III. A.D.iflc2.

" Annum, exclusive of Premises held under Lease for the Duke of u Leinster, and the Buildings thereon/'

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich9in the County of Kent, with Water, and for amending so much of an Act of the last Session as relates to the Ercftion of a Market House in the said Town.

[30th June iScS.J

Caf. cxlvii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Stainton9 and to Merlin*s Bridge, and from thence to Cart let Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin* s Hill, in the County of Pembroke. (a)

[30th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Lecmtnfer, in the County of Hereford, and in the Townflrip of Luflon9 in the Parish of Eye, in the said County 5 and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominfer, in the said County.

[30th June iSc8.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Saint John Baplijl Colhgcy in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull oi Footjcray, in the County of Kent9 Esquire. (q.P.) [30th June 18^8.]

Cap. cl.

An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers'Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Effete* of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased (q.P-) [30th June 1808. ]

Cap. cb'.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Paulin Huggef, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon. (q.P*) [30th June 1808.]

Cap. clir.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirk Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [30th June 1808.]

M Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Honour of PonlefraQ, u in Right of his Dutchy of Laneafler. Extract of the Award to u be transmitted to the Dutchy Court."

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.2

Cap. cliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parish of Tear kef bury9 in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes. (q. P.)

£ad July 1808.] [And for making Compensation for Tithes.3

A*Di180B1

C. clir — civil.

48° GEO. III.

£85

Cap. div.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled E Hates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, lituate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure9 Countess of Loudouily his Wife, situated in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun. (q. P.) [2d July 1808, 3

Cap. civ.

An Act for vesting an Estate called Killingworth Farm, in the.

County of Northumberland, being, an Estate devised by the Will of Thomas Bonner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be foljl, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [2d July 1808.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gmtf[cn9 of North Mimms, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Messuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Mimms aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate fold, (q, P.)

[2d July 1808.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn9 in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing for a limited Time.

[4th July 1808.]

WHEREAS the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn9 in the Tv County of Northumberland, and Diocese of Durham, is very extensive, and it is expedient that the same should be divided, and that several new anddidinft Reftories and Parishes should be erected within and taken out of the lame, and should be separated from the said Rectory and Parish by known Limits and Boundaries, and should be respectively provided with Parish Churche?, Church Yards, Parsonage Houses, and Glebe Lands, and a suficient Maintenance, by Tithes or otherwise, for the Rectors of the same respectively: And whereas, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present '

Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates now held in 16 G. 3. c. 24. 4 Trujffor the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich,

in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty's Letters Patent, the said Commissioners and Gov, emora are perpetual Patrons of the said Restory, and the Reverend James Scotty Doctor in Divinity, is the present Incumbent thereof:

And whereas the said Rectory is of the Annual Value of Three thousand Pounds or thereabouts; and should the same be divided as aforesaid, would be of gr'eat Benefit to the Parish, and would be capable of affording ample Provision for several Chaplains in the Royal Navy, as a Rewardfor long and meritorious Profcfiioual Services: And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors are desirous of carrying into Effect the above-mentioned PuVpofcs respecting the said Keftory and Parish of Simonburn; and in order thereto it is necessary that the Right of Presentation should, during 4 a* limited Time, be prevented from lapsing: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ' and be it enacted by the

IWlorfof Simonburn extentire.

6&6

C, civil.

AJ>. iSof.

t^erfTre-frntftfkm frail not lapse for lwa Yean.

Act not valid without Consent of the Archbishop of York.

GEO. Ut

King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of xthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Came, That during the Term of Two Years, from the passing of this Act, no Right of Presentation to the said Rectory and Parish Church of 'Simonhurtif or to the endowed Chapel of FalJloney in the Parish aforesaid, ' by Lapse or otherwise, shall accrue to the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or the King's Majesty, or any Person or Persona whatsoever.

u Commissioners may nominate to the Curacy of Falflone during the " Incumbency of Mr. Scdft, § 2. Officiating Curates shall be nOmi- nated by Commissioneft. § 3."

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, Shat this Act shall not be good, valid, or effectual, without the Coment of the Archbrshop of Tori for the Time being, thereto signified by Writing under his Hand and Seal to' the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brit ait; and such Cousent, so (ignifietf, shall be binding upon the said Arch-btshop and his Successors, and such Writing shall be inrolled in the High Court of Chanaerv.

Public Act, §*"

[INDEX removed.]

FINIS.

