A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C.i. 409

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi-Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. i.

An Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland.

---

[l2th March 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year 47 G.3. ScfT. 2. 4 W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to c.xxxiL 4 enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel Walls of the City of Carlide,

and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, and for other Purposes relating the reto: And whereas the said Justices were authorized and empowered by the said Act to ered and build a proper Shire Hall and Court Houses with suitable Offices and Accommodations, for the more convenient holding the Assizes and for other publick Purposes for the said County, as should to them the said Justices appear expedient and necessary; and to pay, discharge and defray all the Expences, Costs and Charges attending the erecting and building of the same, and t all incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution t the fevers} Purposes of the said Act, by and out of the publick*4 County

C.i.

A.D. 1810.

Session* to make Otders lor Juf-iiee» to meet in tl. ir respective \V«nls.

1 liet s to issue H ei-pt* f, r ()vi*rf«'ers to attfH»d their Meetings, ami to produce Poor Ratjp* verified on Oath.

50° GEO. III.

County Stock or Rates of the said County, subject to such Restrictions and Provisoes as are therein contained: And whereas it is

found that the said County Rates are unequal, and the Payment thereof falls upon the Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments within the said County, in very unequal Proportions: For remedying whereof it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, from time to time, at their General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make a fair and equal County Rate for all the Purposes to which the County Stock or Rate is by Law applicable, and for that Purpose to assess and tax respectively and in due Proportion, all and every the Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of the Messuages, Lands and Tenements therein, for and towards the same; but which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be eoacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, or the major Part of them, at any of their General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, and at all or any time or times thereafter, as often as it shall appear to them proper or expedient, to rate and assess all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other Property rateable to the Poor within the said County, to the full and fair annual Value thereof according to their Judgment, not exceeding Eight Pence in the Pound upon such annual Value in any One Year, and to levy and raifp the same in such manner as the County Rates are now by Law and by this A A herein after directed to be raised and levied, to be applied and disposed of by the said Justices in the same manner and for the same Purposes as they now are authorized and empowered by Law to dispose of and apply the County Stock or Rate; and for the better enabling the said Justices to make such fair and equal Rate, it shall ami may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, at their General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to he holden next after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and afterwards from time to time and at all or any time or times hereafter at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment of the same respectively, and as often as they shall think expedient, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to make an Order or Orders for the Justices of the Peace aAing in and for the said County of Cumberland, to meet from time to time within the Several Wards and Divisions 6f the said County for which they respectively act; and any Two or more Justices assembled at any such Meeting, shall from time to time ifloe their Precepts under their respective Hands and Seals to all and every the Overseers of the Poor as wieM within the Cities, Boroughs or Franchises as other wise, within such their respective Wards or Divisions, thereby commanding them to attend at a Day and Place or Days and Places, to be named and

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. i. 411

appointed for that Purpose by such Precepts, and before the then next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden in and for the said County of Cumberland, and to return and produce to the Justices or Justicv then and there present the several Rates and Assessment* made for the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes, Town(hipsa liberties. Precious* Hamlets, Villages and Places in the said County of Cumberland, for which such Overseers respectively ad; and are* appointed, together with the Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such Rates, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on such several Persons or Parties respectively; and every such Rate so returned shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate, and shall be veritied upon Oath before such Justices or Justice at the time of delivering in the same by the Person or Persons so delivering them 2 Provided always, that the said Justices shall not, by virtue of any of the Powers by this Act given, rate or assess any Moors or Waste Grounds until Six Years after the same shall have been allotted, divided or inclosed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Overseer of the Overmen Poor of any of the several Parishes, Townshipf, Liberties, Precincts, negleflinjto Villages, Hamlets or Placer, within the said County, shall neglect or PI'?*r< make Default in making any such Returns in manner aforesaid, then,

and in every such case, each and every such Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices so assembled) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the same justices so assembled as aforesaid, by way ot Penalty for such Neglect or Default; and in case Penalty, any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices so assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High or Petty Con (table of the Ward or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place (kali , be situate, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High or Petty Constable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An 2. c. at.

Ail for the more easy ajfejfuxg, collecting and levying of County Rater,

vested with for levying on the Overseers of the Poor the Sum assessed

for the County Rates.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in order the better to enable Justices or Clerk

the said Justices of the Peace to form a correct Judgment of the real of the Peace to Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates as aforesaid, the said for Books Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any Three or more of T"

them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County acting under ment* their Authority, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as they or he may think necessary or expedient, to cause any of the Books of the AC-feffment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

A.D. 1810.

412 C. i. 50° GEO. III.

46 G. 3; c. 65.

Feaihy.

Jurtircs to certify Amount of Sumr rated to the Sflions, who Htr. authorized to make a Rate.

An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day, of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Proviftom for collecting the said Duties; and the Rental or Valnation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and described, within any Parish or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of or Extracts from such Books or Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them, shall think fit (such Compensation being made to the Party or Parties producing the same respectively as the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable); and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices or the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, Assessment or Assessments, or to permit them, him or any of them, to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons so making Default, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid, and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the said County to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Justice or Justices so aAing as aforesaid within their respective Wards or Divisions, shall be of Opinion that such Rates and Assessments, or any of them so made and returned, upon Examination thereof, are the fair and just annual Value of the rateable Property mentioned therein, and are in other respeAs fair and equal, then the said Justice or Justices are and is hereby required from time to time to certify under their or his Hands or Hand the gross Amount of the respective Sums on which the said Rates are made and assessed in each Division or Ward in the said County of Cumberland, for which such Justices or Justice respectively aA or a As, to the then next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the same County, to the Intent that at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or at fomc Adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof respectively, the Justices assembled at any such General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, may from time to time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, J^ands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, in and

A.D. 1810.

4*3'

50° GEO. III. C. i.

throughout the said County of Cumberland, rated or liable to be rated to the Poors Rates or Property Tax in the said County of Cumberland, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Two Pence in the Pound of the several full and fair annual Values of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and so from time to time, at any future General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to continue such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or to reduce, alter or vary the same as the said Justices at their said Sessions shall think necessary and proper, and to raise them again to any Sum not exceeding the said Rate of Eight Pence in the Pound in any One Year'; and for the Purpose of levying and raising such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment?, it shall and maybe lawful for them the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time issued in the same manner as now practised and authorized by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the several High Constables within the same County of Cumberland, ordering and requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Over* seers of the Poor within their respective Divisions, to levy and collet and pay to the High Constables within a time to be named and limited in the Warrants to be issued from the Sessions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which each High Constable shall and he is hereby directed and required to pay at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant before the then next General or Quarter. Sessions of the Peace, to the Treasurer for the time being of the said County of Cumberland, to be applied and disposed of in such manner and for such Purposes as the County Stock or Rate is now by Law applicable; and in case any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County liable to pay the same, shall neglect, make Default, or refuse to pay the fame within the time to be specified and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid to the High Constable of the Ward or Division within which such Overseer or Overseers so liable and neglecting to pay as aforesaid shall reflde, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place, (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the lame being in such lad mentioned Case first in dor fed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be found) returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate or Rates and the Charges of Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold; and the Overseers and Overseer of any Parish, Township or Place maintaining its own Pour within the said County, shall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise by an equal Rate or Assessment upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief of the Poor within their respective Parishes, Townships or Places, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessary in order to raise the several Sums assessed

Rates when collected to lx* paid to Treasurer.

Equal Rates to be jilTtfled on the r f|x-Cliv^ I'arithes, 8tc.

A.D. 1810.

T*o Thirds of Kate to lie borne by Landlord, and On I bird b> the Tenaiit.

J

by Diltrcl*

)\*wcr lor Jo. mr* O. ! f«: ts.

C. i. 50° GEO. III.

or imposed upon such Parishes, Townships or Place* respectively, or to re-imbutfe such Overseers or Overseer such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively have paid on account of the same, such Rate or Assessment to be paid by the Occupier or Occupier* for the time being of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively: Provided always, That every Tenant or Occupier paying such Rate as aforesaid, may dedudk and retain out of the Rent payable to his Landlord for the Premises in resperi of which such Rate is payable, the full Amount of Two third Parts of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so paid, it being the Intent and Meaning of this Act that Two Thirds of such Rate shall be borne by the Landlord, and the remaining One Third only by the Tenant or Occupier, and every Landlord and Owner of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments shall and are hereby required to allow and make such respective Dc-duriious and Payments accordingly; and every such Tenant or Occupier paying such Part of the said Rates or A(Te(Tments as are hereinbefore direried to be borne by the Landlord, or on whom the same shall have been levied, shall he and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the same had been ariually paid unto such Landlord or Landlords in Part of the Rent due from such Tenant.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after Demand made or Notice thereof in Writing, left at hi* lad utual Place of Abode, refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this

for or in ref peri of the Me (Tinges, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments occupied by him, her or them as aforesaid for the Space of Ten Days, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overseer or Overseers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the same in such last mentioned Case being tirll indorsed by some Justict of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the reiperiive Person or Persons shall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases and Places within the said County of Cumberland when there are no Over hers of the Poor, or where the Justices of the said County a ITembled for the Purpose of receiving such Returns from the said Overseers of the Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes, Town(hip9, Villages, Hamlets, Precinris and Places as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that the Rates or Assessments produced to them at their respective Meetings are not fair and equal Rates and Assessments, or according to the full and fair anuual Value of the rateable Property, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled at such their respective Meetings, and they art hereby authorized and required, to summon before them any Two

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. i. 41 j

or more of the substantial Inhabitants of such Places respectively for which there are no Overseers of the Poor, or where any of the Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates are not assessed, or in the Opinion of them the said Justices are not equally a fie fled and rated, or are not rated and assessed to the full or fair Value; or any other Person or Persons whom they the said Justices may think necessary and proper to give Evidence as to the fair annual Value of such Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, and then and there examine such Inhabitants or other Person or Persons respectively on Oath (which Oath any One or more of them the said Justices are hereby authorized to administer) as to the annual Values of such the respective Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes,

Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, and thereupon to ascertain the Sums on which the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in pursuance of this Act, ought to be levied and collected.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if in the said County of Culledtro ap-Cumbcrland there be any extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places pointed IW ext rain which there are no Pool's Rate or Overseers of $he Poor or other P*0^1*! Places. Officer necessary for the executing of the Provisions of this Act, and

in which there are any Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, but not rated or'afiefled thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Pecce of the said County resident in or acting for the Division of the said County in which such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places are situate, at any Petty Sessions to be holden by them within such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons in the Nature of and to act as Overseer or Overseers or other such Officer as aforesaid, who is and are hereby required, authorized-and empowered to act within and for such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places respectively, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and such Person and Persons respectively shall have the like Powers vested in him or them for effecting all such Purposes as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if he or they had been appointed Overseer or Overseers of the Poor or other Officer under any of the existing Statute Laws.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Overseer Appeal, er Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Liberty, Preempt, Village, Hamlet or Place in the said County, shall at any

time or times have reason to believe that such Parish, Township,

Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, ' it shall and may be lawful to and for such Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or Quarter*Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village or Place in which such Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices respectively; and \

the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just and* equitable: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such pattf^Rate shall be qitashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish, aqahjfl, iLi.to

Township, be aiialhe^ i*

A.D. 1810.

r< fpcft of other

Parishe* &c.

Appeal.

Expences of Appeals to be born^ by the I'urties.

Extending Powers of former Act* to this.

13 G. 2. c. If.

Exponce* of Act to be paid out af the Haiti.

C. i.

50° GEO. III.

Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamfet or Place, or Person or Persons assessed thereby, any thing in this A£i, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, then, and in every such Case, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to such Overseer or Overseers, he, she or they may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden next after every such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the Justices at such General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall and are here by empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Dif-cretioti shall seem fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law as between Parish and Parish, or between any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions as the Caid Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter-Sessions shall award and order, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for funish-ing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously full down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Woris ereSed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wejiward, and for ascert ain't ng the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrtjls; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty's Suljeds trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Jujiices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner for applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Frauchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Jujiices of the Pence of Counties touching County Rates, to the Jujiices of the Peace J such Liberties and Franch fes as have Conmijfxons of the Peace within themselves, as relates to County Rates save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered), shall be good, valid and cf-e£lual for carrying this Act into Execution.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs,

4*7.

Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County of Cumberland by, from and out of the

Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful IWt for Jid for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part tlccs n>born> of them, at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be Money, holden in and for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof assembled, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think fit for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, upon'the Credit of the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, from the Whole of the said County, or from any Ward or Division thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them present at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to assign over the said Rates (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Rates) to any Person or Persons as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums respectively which shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Afugnment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

v'rtue an Act Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year Form of of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act Assignment. 4 \Jsere set forth the Title of this Act-\ we

f His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Cumberland, present at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace holden at in and for the said County, on the Day of

in consideration of the Sum of

to the 'Preasurer of the said County in hand paid by do hereby grant, bargain, fell and demise unto the said Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the Rates arising by virtue of the said Act

from the said County [or, from the Ward or Division of

in the said County] to be had and holden from the

Day of until the said Sum of

with lawful Interest for the same shall be repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of, in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be 'made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

50 Geo. III.

E e

I Do

A.D. 1810.

Form of*T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all Principal and Interest

Timnsfei*«now due thereon, unto Executors, Admiiiiftra-

tors and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this 1 t)ay of

All which Transfers shall be produced and certified to the said Clerk of the Peace within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates and Names of the Parties and Sums of Money specified therein in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Assignae shall and may in like manner assign and transfer again, and so to/irs quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Assign-inent or Transfer, afterwards to make void, release or discharge the same Security, or any Money thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Rates in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monie?, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

Mortgagees to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such

bt: Creditors in Mortgages or Assignments shall be made shall be, in proportion to

ancUo^be^Wl ^um or ^um8 l^ere*n respectively mentioned, Creditors on the

off iiTFourteen ^ate8 and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal

degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Mortgages in respect to the Payment of the Interest. thereof; and that the Principal thereof shall be paid in such Course and Order, according to Dates, Numbers or Advances, as the said Justices, or any Three of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint, but so that the whole Money to be secured upon the Credit of such Rates and Assessments shall or may be discharged within Fourteen Years from the time of passing this Act. Noth*«of paying

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the off S*curiti« Treasurer of the said County do and shall give Notice by Advertisement in the Carlisle Chromclcy or some other Publick Newspaper usually circulated within the said County, of the Intention of the said Justices to pay. off the Principal of all or any of the said Securities, specifying the time when and what Securities are intended to be paid off, at lead Three Calendar Months before the time of such intended Payment, and that from the time specified in such Notice all Interest upon such Securities respectively shall cease and be it an End; and the Principal thereof, together with the Interest due up to that Period, shall be placed in the Hands of the said County Treasurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of such respective Securities whenever the same shall be demanded.

Interest paii

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money

Half-ycwlv. which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the time the respective Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall hive

- beei

4*9

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C.u

been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, in their General or Quarter-Sessions from time to time assembled, to order such Allowances and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons from, by and out of the Monies to be collected and received under the Provisions of this Act, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable, just and proper.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode One Calendar Month before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* Attorney, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Per-foM, for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Cumberland, anti not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at Ins, her or their Election this Act specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have bee'11 fb done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases tvhefe a Verdict shall be found for any IJefendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discon-tioue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the

Power for Juf* licet to nuke Allowance lor Constablea.

Tender of Amends.

Limitation of A£ti< ns.

General IfTur,

&c.

Treble CofU,

rabiick A<a.

92 G. 2. c. 49.

7 G. a. c. 83. 29G.U.C. 97.

2S G. 3. c. 90.

11 G. 5. c. 28. 6 0. 3. c. 62.

2« G. 3. c. 106. 3* G.tt. c. 133.

same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bishop's Cleve, in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Worcester, to the said Town of Cheltenham. (b)

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge, in the County of Durham. (a)

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for erecting a Judiciary and County Hall and other Offices for the County of Roxburgh.

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. v.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for better lighting and cleansing the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Passages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Folgate otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex, which is Extra-parochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shaddon Gate near Can lijle to Mulaftde, and to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck$ in the County of Cumberland. (b)

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, through the Towns of Farm, Stockton and Sedgefield» to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty for repairing the said Road, (a)

[12th March 1810.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, foi re* pairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross in the County of York.

[12th March 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Half additional ToB on Sundays.]

A.D. 1810.

C. ix — xvi.

jo° GEO. III.

Ail

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Chieveleyf in the Manor and Parish of Chieveley, in the County of Berks. (q. P.)

[21st March 1810.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. $ 20 — 28.

Cap. x.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for the Improvement of aoG.3.(I.)c. 39. the Port and Harbour of Drogheda (c)

[21st March 1810.] 37G.3(I.)o.56.

48 G. 3. c. cvi.

Cap. xi.

Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His pre- r C. 3. 0. r»3. lent Majesty, 10 far as the same relate to the Road from Buciland MG.a, c. 102. jDm ham to Radford Bridge, and from Mtifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillip, and from Kilmerfdon to Radjlock in the County of Somerset. (b)

[ 21II March 181 o. J

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing the Term and amending Two Acts passed in 29 G. 3. c. 107. the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, 3*G.3. c. 144. for appending the Several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road from Bury to Haslingden, and from thence to Blackburn and Whaliey> all in the County Palatine of Lancrjier; and also for making a Branch of Road from Portsield to the West End of the Town of Pudiham, in the same County. (, b)

[21st March 1810.]

[.Additional Trustees Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 10G. 3. c. 10*. ^Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twentieth Years aoG.8. c. 94. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincolrt. (b).

[21st March 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sun day.2

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Titchfield to Cosham, in the County of Southampton, (a)

[21st March 1810.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 29 G. 3.0.88. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third 33 G. 3. c. 179, Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wakfield to Abberford in the County of York. (J)

[21st March x8lO.]

[Former Tolls repealed\ and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act 94 G. «. c. made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for mak-Ee 3 ing

4, 2 2

29 Cr. a. C. 96.

20 G.2. r. I 5.

C, Xxxii.

J r» 3. C. 4/.

j.

7 G 1 Sttf. i.

r. J 1 . in jwtv,

repealed § js.

W (!, 9. r 91. 96G.9.C -1 fjg. 42 ti. 9. (U.K.) c. i\x.

' r xx.

4U..J. c. liv.

C. xvi — xxiv. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

ing and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling, (b)

[21st March 1810«3

[.Appointment of Trustees repealed. Tolls repealed as therein mentioned, and others granted. Pontage Duties repealed, and new Duties granted.']

Cap. xvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of White-Sheet Hill, to the IVilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts.

[21st March 1810.]

[Additional Trujltes, Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xviii,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Eynsford Turnpike Road hi the Parish of Shorcham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Sevenoaks to Bromley, in the said County. (b)

[2UI March 1810.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof.

[24th March 1810.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty and the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton.

[24th March 1810.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thir-tictil Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dor-Jet. (c)'[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lower Saint Cross Mill I jane, (on the Road from the City of Winehrjler to the Town of Southampton) te Park Hate, on the Road from Southampton to Gosport, in the County of Southampton, (a)

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Im*.provements in the said Town.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal from Sherry man9 s Bridge to Cajile Well, in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the several Acts for making the said Canal.

[6th April 1810.]

Caf.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Bishop Wearfnouth and Bishop Wear mouth Panns, for cleansing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein, [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His pre- uG.il.t. sent Majesty, for paving, clean sing, lighting and watching the '

Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing'the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market House; and for otherwise improving the said Town 5 and for establishing a Watch on the River Wear.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to revive and continue # the Term and Powers of an Act*& Years, tfi.J \>aflfed for empowering the Commissioners for paving, cleansing and b G* 3* e*13 lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City ana Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned.

[6th April 1810 ]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for constructing a Pier or Harbour at or near the Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[6th April 1S10.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the 9G.8. c.i04.pr. Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parish of Laneham, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to alter and explain an Act made in the Forty seventh Year 47 G. n. FtfiT. 1, of His present Majesty, to enable the Provident Institution to sue*»* in the Name of their Managing Director, and to enrol Annuities.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty fi-th Year of His a6G.3.«.109» present Majesty's Reign, for incofporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society.

[6th April 1810.]

[, Former Duties to cedfcy and new Duty granted

E e 4 Cap

A.D. 1810.

14 G. 2. c. 31. 2 <; . 3. c. 7»* 25} G. 3. c. 98.

7 G. 3. C. 104. 28 G. 3. c. 94.

28 0.2. C. 59. 21 G. 3. c. 99. 36 G. 3. c. 137 43 G. a. c. H. jepcaled.

13 G. 3. c. 34.

*J*aled.

lOG.a. c.^nr

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Alts, pa fled in tho Fourteenth Year Of His late Majesty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster in the County of York, to SaU ter9* Brook in the County of Chrfter. (b)

[6th April 1810.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls repealed9 and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Marchvj'itU in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Wortheulurj and Hanmer, in the County of Flinty to a certain House therein mentioned in the Parish of Whitchurch^ in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpos, in the County of Chester$ and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salop; (a)

[6th April iSto.j

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xx*vi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colney in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for continuing the same Road through Glalburn and Silfden to Addingham and Cocking Endt in the West Riding of the County of York, (a)

[6th April 1810.|J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Marlham % in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.)

[6th April i8.to.

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §21.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sujftx, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market 5 for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coast safe and commodious $ for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Measures, and building a Towa Hall.[^8th^r»/1810.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, in the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Thorp?> in the County of the faic\ City, [iftth April 1810.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Passages within the Town of Ponttfra8 % in the County of 7Vif for better supplying said Town with W*ter, an4

for

A»Dfitio*

50° GEO. III. C. xl — xlvitf.

for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Purposes theroin mentioned.

[18th April 1810.]

(7/7p. xli.

An Act for watching, and more effectwally lighting, cleansing and SeeasG.a.e.ay, otherwise improving the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the c. 70.

Liberty of Trippett and the Lordship or Precinct of Mylon, in^ the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; and for prevent- 24' ing Nuisances therein; and also for preventing Fraud* and Impositions in the Quality, Measure and Carriage of Coals fold in the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Lowefloft, in the County of Suffolk.

[ 18th April 1810.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for providing an Additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sains Luke, Chelsea, in the County of M'tddlrsex.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Pad- SeecsG.a.r.74« dington in the County of Middlesex.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for better attefling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Coipity of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Caps xlvi.

An Act for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Bank, on the g. 2. r. 11. North Side of the Wash of the Hundred Feet River, in the Isle of 32 G. a. c. 13. Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. »G.a. c. 6j.

[.Sth^W/jRio.] nG.a. c.o.,

u J 46 G. 3. c. xcvi.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Salter's Lode and Welche's Dam Bridge, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk. £i8th April 1810.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an 45 G. 3. c. bed& Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rununey in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan.

[18th April 1810.]

TFormyr Tolls repealed, quid new Tolls granted. Double Tolls orr

Sunday.3

a*G. J. c. 9.

14 G. 3 C. 115 i)6 G. 3. c. 130.

02 C. 3. c. 39.

Letters Patent, 1 3th Jan.

40 G. 3.

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating the rewith. (b)

[18th April 1810.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap 1.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South EJk, at or near Montrose.

[18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls to eease, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap. li.

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majesty to the Royal Institution of Great Britain, and for extending and more effectually promoting the Objects thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of January, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; after reciting that several of His Majesty's Subjects were desirous of forming a Publick Institution for diffuling the Knowledge and facilitating the General Introduction of Uleful Mechanical Inventions and Improvements, and for leaching by Courses of Philosophical Lectures and Experiments, the Applications of Science to the common Purposes of Life, His Majesty did give and grant that George Earl of IVittchelfca and Nottingham and several other Persons therein named, and such other Persons as should be from time to time elected in manner thereinafter directed, and their Successors, should for ever thereafter be by virtue thereof one Body Politick by the Name of "The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great Britain and by the same Name have perpetual Succeilion, and for ever thereafter have Power to purchase, receive and po&ft any Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and (notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain) to purchase, hold and enjoy to them and their Successors, any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, not exceeding at the time or times of purchasing thereof respectively the yearly Value, at a Rack Rent, of Two thousand Pounds in the Whole; and His Majesty's further Will and Pleasure was, that in case any Proprietor of the said Institution should be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest therein, and should in Writing notify the same to the Committed of Managers, to be appointed as therein is mentioned, then it should be lawful for the said Managers to elect, in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person nominated by such Proprietor, and then the Right and Interest of such Proprietor should determine, and thenceforth become vested in such Person so elected; and also, that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it should be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be admitted or ballotted for as a Proprietor in the Right of the Proprietor so 4*dying,

A.D. 1810.

4*7

50° GEO. III. C. li.

dying, subject to such Restrictions and Regulations as are therein

contained: And whereas the Proprietors of the said Inltitution have, at a very considerable Expence, purchased and provided a 4 large and commodious House and Buildings situate in Albemarle Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purposes of the said Institution, and have formed a Mineral Collection of British Specimens fciciitifically arranged, and extensive and valuable Libraries; and also have ere^led and furnished a spacious and useful Laboratory, in which

are made Experiments and Investigations important in a very high Degree to the Improvement of Chemical Science, and to its Ap* 4 plication to Arts and Manufactures in this Country; and in the Course of which, Discoveries have been made highly honourable to this Age and the British Nation: And whereas the increased Scale of Expenditure which has necessarily attended the increased Scale of the Establishment having far exceeded the Funds of the said Institution, the Managers have lately laid a State of their Concerns before a General Meeting of the Proprietors, at which it was unanimously determined, that the National Objects to which the Royal Institution is now applied, should not be abandoned on account of any Sacrifice of Property which may be required on their Part, but with a View to attract the Interest of Scientific and Publick Charadfers in its Fayour, and to induce them to form an active Co-operation for its Support, that Measures should be taken to form on its Balls a Publick National and Permanent Establishment devoted to the Cultivation of practical Science, and

to the Promotion of every Improvement in Agriculture, Manufactures and the Arts: And whereas the Saleable and Hereditary Right in the Shares and Property of the said Institution, have opc-. 4 rated as Impediments to that general Interest and Co-operation which appear to he efiential to such a Publick National and Pervnanent Establishment as aforesaid, and therefore a General Meeting of the Proprietors have agreed, that such Saleable and Hereditary Right shall be entirely done away, and that every Proprietor who shall relinquish and give up his or her Saleable and Hereditary Share and Property in the said Institution, shall become a Life Member thereof only; and as a Compenfnion for such his or her Saleable and Hereditary Right as aforesaid, shall have the Power of nominating, by Writing under his Hand, or by his Will, any Person being his Wife or Child, or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the said Institution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, every Life Member shall have the Power of admitting One Person to the Lecture*, Collec tions, Libraries and Reading Rooms,

whenever he himself shall personally attend: And whereas an Appraised Valuation has been lately made, by skilful Persons, of the Property and Effects of the said Institution, in order to ascertain the Value of each Proprietor's Share therein, which appears by such Valuation to amount to the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or thereabouts, being the Value of each Proprietor's Share; and it has been agreed by the Proprietors present at a Special General Meeting convened in the manner directed by the ByeLaws of the said Institution, that in case any Proprietor shall not confect to become a Life Member of the said Institution, then,

423

C. It.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

JJ

and in such Case, as a Com pen fat ion for such his or her H ere- ditary and Saleable Share or Property as aforesaid, such Proprietor shall receive the pecuniary Compensation of Forty two Pounds and 1 Ten Pence, or at his or her Option such Sum of Money as hall 1 be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value of such his br her Share or Property as herein after is provided or mentioned: And whtTcas 1 by the said Letters Patent, and by the Bye-Laws made in par- fuance thereof, the Affairs and Concerns of the said Institition ' are directed and governed by a Committee of Managers, coufifting of the President, Fifteen Managers, and the Secretary; and the said Iuilitution is from time to time inspected and examined by a Corpmittee of Visitors, confiding of the Treasurer and Fifteen Visitors, the Members of the said Committees being cl offn by and from ^raong the Proprietors of the said Institution, and the President, Treasurer, Secretary, and One Third of the Managers* and One Third of the Visitors, having been renewed or chosen annnally on the First Day of May, or when that Day has fallen on a Sunday, on the next Day: And whereas it is deemed expedient, that all the said Managers and Visitors should be renewed or chosen annually, and that the greater Number of such Managers and Visitors respectively shall be Members of the said Institution, who have not been Managers or Visitors during the preceding Year: And whereas by the said Letters Patent the Power of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws for the Regulation of the said Institution is vested in the said Managers, with the Consent of the said Visitors, and the Confirmation of the said Proprietors at large; and the Power of electing the Proprietor* 4 or Members of the said Institution, and the Honorary Members of the said Institution is alfa vested in the said Managers: And whereas it is deemed expedient that the said Powers of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws, and of eledling the Members and Honorary Members of the said Institution, should be vested in the Members at large, subject to the Restrictions herein after rtventioned: And whereas the said several Purposes cannot be carried into Efteft without the Aid of Parliament: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflt-mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That - ' " -

No Member or Proprietor to

from and after the passing of this Act, the Objects of the said Body Politick, and the Powers vested in them by the said Charter, and this Act respectively, shall be extended and applied to the Promotion of Chemical Science by Experiments and Lectures for improving Arts and Manufactures, to discovering the Uses of the Mineral and other Natural Produdlions of this Country, and to the Diffufion and Extension of useful Knowledge in general; and that the Name of The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great Britain, " by the said Charter directed to be qfed, shall cease and be discontinuea; and that in lieu thereof the Name of the said Body Politick shall be The Members of the Royal Institution of Great Britainwhich lad mentioned Name shall be as valid and effeduaJ for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been originally comprized in the said Charter.

11. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

tius

A.D. 181d'

50° GEO. III.

CM.

this Act, no Member or Proprietor of the said Inilitution (hitl have any further or greater Share, Right or Intcieft therein, than for and during the Term of his natural Life; and that the said Clauset in the said Letters Patent, whereby it is declared, that in case any Proprietor of the said Institution shall be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest in the Property thereof, and shall notify the same, then it shall be lawful for the Managers to elect in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person to be nominated by such Proprietor $ and that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it shall be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be ballotted for or admitted in the Room of such deceased Proprietor, who, if a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor, shall be admitted as a Proprietor; but if other than a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor shall be ballotted for Election as a Proprietor, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor or Member who shall be willing to give up and re-ltnqmfh his or her Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Institution in consideration of such Power and Privileges as are next herein after mentioned, shall iR such Form as shall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Inilitution, have the Power of nominating by Writing under his or her Hand, or by his or her. Will, or any Codicil thereto attested by Two or more Witnesses, one Person, being his Wife or Child> or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the said Institution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, each and every such Proprietor or Member shall have the Privilege of admitting One Person to the Lectures, Collection, Libraries and Reading Rooms, whenever he or she shall personally attend, but not other wile.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or Member, or the Trustee of any Proprietor or Member, or the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Proprietor or Member, shall, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, signify that he, she or they will not agree to relinquish and give up his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Inilitution, in consideration of such Power and Privilege as lad hereinbefore mentioned; then each and every such Proprietor or Member, for the time being; or his or her Trustee, Executors or Administrators, shall be paid by the Managers of the said Inilitution, the Sum of Forty two rounds and Ten Pence per Share, as a Corn-pen fat ion for, and in full Satisfaction of, all his, her or their'Share, Right and Interest in the said Inilitution, unless such Proprietor or Member, Trustee, Executor or Administrator, shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Corporation, for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Shares and Property in the said Inilitution, as such Value stood immediately before the passing of this Act, which it shall be lawful for every such Proprietor or Member to do and to proceed to Trial therein, in like manner as in other A&jons at Law $ and after Verdict had thereupon, the said Corporation shall and they

8 are

429

have more than a Lite Intercil.

Members willing to rclirK|uUh their Saleable and Hereditary Property may nominate a Life Member.

Members not willing to re-linquish their Saleable and Hereditary Property may receive the Sum of42l. lOd. per Share, or recover the Value.

A.D. 1ffio.

Election of Manors and Visitors.

Fowrp to lh<- lav. vt-ftcU ill (ifiieral Momhfy M Stings.

El^ion of Mrmlxm veiled in tin* Genml Monthly Meeting*.

Time* of General Monthly Meetings.

C. li. $o° GEO. III.

are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or A&ious, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be recovered in such Action or A & ions as such Compensation as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid or tendered, shall oeafe to be a Proprietor or Member of the said Corporation, or to have any Share, Property, Right or Interest therein; provided that in all Actions where the Verdidfc shall be given for more than the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, the Cods of Suit shall be paid by the Defendants; and in all Actions where the Verdict shall be given for the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or for any lei's Sum, the Costs of Suit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the first Day of May, which shall be id the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thenceforth in each and every Year on the First Day of May, funlefs when the same falls on a Sunday, and then on the next Day) the Members of the said Institution present at their annual Meeting, shall then proceed to elect by Bailot, from and among the Members of the said Iniiitution (subject nevertheless to the Bye-Laws of the said Institution respecting the manner and time of such Election) not only a President, Treasurer and Secretary, but also Fifteen or more Managers, and Fifteen or more Visitors in the Room of the Managers or Visitors of the preceding Year, the major Part of such Fifteen or more Managers, and the major Part of such Fifteen or more Visitors, being Members of the said Institution, who have not been Managers or Visitors in the preceding Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Bye-Laws shall be made, altered or repealed, except by the Authority of one of the General Monthly Meetings of the Members of the said Institution: Provided that no Bye-Daw, nor the Alteration or Repeal of any Bye-Law, shall be proposed at aaf Meeting, unless Notice of such Bye-Law, or of the Alteration or Repeal of any such Bye-Law, shall have been {riven in Writing signed by at Jeaft Fifteen Members of the Initjtution, and £rnt round to the said Members Fourteen Days at lead before such General Monthly Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Power of the said Managers So tied Proprietors or Members of the said Institution, and Honorary Members of the said Institution, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth it shall be lawful for the Members of the said Iniiitution, at their General Monthly Meetings from time to time, as well to eledf and chuse by Ballot such Persons to be Members of the said Institution, as shall have been recommended by Four Members at least (in such Form at shall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution) and shall hare respectively paid or secured to be paid to the Funds of the Institution, in case of their Election, such Annual or other Sum as shall from time to time be fixed for the Qualification of a Member of the said Institution; as also to elect and chuse by Ballot to be Honorary Members of the said Institution, such Brit'tjb Subjects as are of the Blood Royal, or such Foreigners as are of elevated Rank, or distinguished for scientific or literary Attainments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Gciieral Monthly

Meetings

A.D. 18ib.

C. li, 1x5,

43*

50° GEO. III.

Meetings of the Royal Institution shall be held on the First Monday in the Months of February, March, April, May, June, July, August, November and December in every Year, at Two o'clock in the Afternoon precisely, or on such other Days and 'rimes, and at such other Hour as shall from time to time be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful i»

to and for the Managers of the said Institution (in Writing under Prufeflors. their Hands) to allow such Salaries to their Professors, Lecturers and Officers, as by such Managers shall be deemed a reasonable Compensation for their Duty and Attendance, notwithstanding such Professors, Lecturers or Officers may he Members of the said Institution; any thing in the said recited Charter to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X.' And whereas the Library of Reference and Mineral Collec-

tion have been formed at the Royal Institution by Subscription

upon the following Conditions; that each Subscriber of One hundred Pounds, or upwards, should be an Hereditary Patron of the said Library and Collection; and that every Subscriber of Fifty Pounds should be a Life Patron of the same 5 and it is deemed expedient, that the Hereditary Rights of the Patrons should be abolished and taken away upon a fair Compensation* Be it therefore enacted, That the Proprietors or Members who have contributed, or Compensation t* who shall contribute to the said Library of Reference and Mineral Hereditary Collection, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be Patrons for Life only of the said Library and Collection; and each such Patron shall have Power by Writing to appoint any one other Person (being a Life Member of the said Institution) to be a Patron for Life of the said Library and Collection.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein IWitofbr

contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lefTen of Lift

or affect the Rights and Interests of any Life Subscriber, or An-

nual Subscriber, in the said Institution, but the same shall be as good, 1 valid and effectual in all respects whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Letters Pa- Letter* Patent

tent, and the Bye-Laws made in pursuance thereof (except so far as a, ul Hye-biws the same are altered or made void by this Act, or as any of the said Valid

Bye-Laws may be contrary to the said Letters Parent, or to the lere vai*Laws of the Realm) are hereby confirmed and made valid in all re-

speds, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by ail Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Hi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 9G 3. c. 77. several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads 17C. 3.C. ill. in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more effectually repairing, improving and peeping >n Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon, (a)

[18th April 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Toll* on Sunday.]

Cap.

43*

C.Iiu — lit.

A.D. 1813.

Sop GtO. lit

7 G 3. c. 96. 2y G.3. c* 85

3 G. 3. c. 26.

24 G. 3. Sell*. 1.

C. lb.

12 G. 3. c. 101. u G. 3. c. 147.

26 G. 3. c. 126. repealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. xv. repealed as tv the Sulk

Dull id.

Cap. liii*

An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Ad* of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars1 Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresjicld, in the County of Sufix. (c) £i8th April 1810.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. liv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hit chin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford. (*/) r 18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. Iv.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Puiborough, in the County of Sussex, to the Road running from Worthing to Horsham, in the said County; and from the said Road running from Worthing to Horsham to the Direction Post in the Parish of Steyning, on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham, in the said County. (b)

[18th April 1810.]

[Double Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads therein described; and for extending the said Roads from Kings Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Weston under Lizard to Newport> in the County of Salop. (b)

[ 18th April 181C ]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[l8th April 181c.]

[Additional Half Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repaiseveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth. (a)

[18th April 1810 ]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York, to Mansfield in the County of Nottingham, at or near (down in the County

C. Hx — lxviii.

433

50° GEO. III.

County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Work fop to Kelbam, at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham (3)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Parliament of «oG.3.(I.)c. 14. Ireland, in the Twenty fixlh Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Rathdown.

[t8th April 1810 ]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty second Year of His pre- 42 G. 3. c.cwrR. sent Majesty for repairing the Road from Buekton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hill, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Ber-wick upon Tweed.*[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend* several Act for repairing Roads leading to and[rmdcontimtc] through the Town of Frame in the County of Somerset, and for aoti.a. c. as>. paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the said i«G.3. c. 94. Town, and for removing Part of the present Market Place in the i'17 5'

said Town.

[18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls rspeeded, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hardingftone s Q. 3. c. sa. to Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, (a) ia G. a. c. 103.

[18th April 1810.] "P4*1'*1'

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Eling and Fawley, in the Coimty of Southampton, (q. P.)

[18th April t8ioi]

Allotment and Compensation for Tythes. §16.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trull9 and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Cabtl Coningejly Earl of Essex, with Sarah Countess of Essex, his Wife, (q. P.)

[18th April v8to.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Bletchley, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Plumflead and Pof wick, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[18th April 18 lp.J

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of [See 49 G. 3.

50 Geo. III. F f Kilmarnock,

434

jan.a.

15 ft. 8. 37 G. 8.

93 G. 3.9G. 3. < 2w G. a. XCJ>.cd,

3

4

C.lxViiir-lX*v. JtP GEO. III. AJ}.i8: o;

Kilmarnock^ ind Suburbs therfeof 5 for tegnlating the Police: hd Markets g and fbt other Purposes therein Mentioned.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour within the County of Stirling.

[llth May iSid.]

Cap. lxx.

e. as. An Act to amend several Acts of the Thirteenth, Thirty lifth c. 4i. and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for deepening

c. ioi- and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen, (a)

filth May i&Kx}

Duties.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground For the Purish of Saint John, Hampfield, in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kmross, Perth and Clackmannan. (5)

[18th May 1810.]

" 45 3-.f- cnii. repealed. 30 G. 3. c. 93. 37 G. 3. c. 180. and

" 47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c.'ll. in part repealed.

Cap. lxxiik

r. is. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into the c. 1 s.City of Hertford, and several Roads communicating the rewith, (a)

90.

[18th May 1810.]

c' l0S* [Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of EJj> in the County of Gamhridgtf to the Town of Thorney in the same Isle and County.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, by permitting Johns* Patent.

Teflera to be used in the Covering of Houses and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned. £i8th May 1810^]

c. 78.*'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party IValls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Well minder* and the Liberties thereof \ and other the Parishes, PreemBs and Places Within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Paneras, and Saint Luke at CheHea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, wider certain Conditions, Braiders and other Persons

A.D. 1fio. 50° GZO. QL C.lxxv. 435

font against the Penalties to which they ere or may he Habit for ere&ng Buildimgi wit hi* the Limits aforesaidi contrary to Law, it

was, among ft other things, enacted, That every Flat, Gutter and \ 47. f Roof of every Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class of Building (defaced in the said recited Act)

which should be built after the Twenty fourth Day of June then la ft, and every Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection which should be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such

Building, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter; Roof,

Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn in any Building of the said First,

Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class of Building the n

built, or which should at any time after the time aforesaid he ripped or uncovered, should be covered with Glass, Copper, Lead, Tin,

Slate, Tile or artificial Stone, except the Doors, Door Frames,

Windows and Window Frames of such Dormers, Turrets, L«dt-

horn Lights Or other Ereftioos: And whereas since the paling

of the said recited Act, His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Letters Patent,

Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at We&minJUr the Twenty* Bee. i7»o.

fccoad Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, have been granted to Ambntfe Bowden Johns,

for his new-invented Composition called Johns' Patent Tefferat compolled of Limeftoae or any other Stone powdered, or Road Stuff,

where Stone is made use of for repairing of Roads, and other Artides of a stony, sandy or calcareous Nature, with a sufficient Addition of Tar or other Bttumenous Substances, mixed together by the Application of considerable Heat and powerful Machinery,

and afterwards pressed together and rolled into Sheets by Means of RoHers acting with great Preflsure, to be used in the Covering of Buildings: And whereas such Composition has been found ufefvu and (afe for such Purposes, and not liable to catch Fire, to aa to communicate the lame to any adjoining.PremisesAnd whereas it is expedient to allow to be used in the Covering of Buddings the said Composition called Johns' Patent Tejera, as well as the feverti Articles mentioned in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and byrthe Authority of the same, That from and after TeflVra may be the passing of this A A, every Flat, Gutter and Roof of every Build- used in covering ing of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class BitiWimw within of Budding, and of every other Rate or Class of Building, and every of % Ior'

Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection which shall x be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Budding, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer and Lasit* horn, in any Building of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate, or any other Rate or Class of Building now built, or which shall at any time hereafter be built within the several Places named in the said recited Act, and every Coping, Cornice, Facia* Window-drefEng, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade, or other external Decoration or Projeftion whatsoever, to any such Buildings respectively, and aHo every Frontispiece to any Building of the said First Rate or any other Rate or Class of Building now buflt or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any such Building,

A.D. 18id.

hupmion of

Rkiracmui

SubtUuce.

Ufm» Composition as T« flcra,

for Tessera per* mittc.l to be used b) Act.

[Penalty.]

Proviso«

JO S: 40 G. 3.

C. XXUU

44 G* 3. C.xlvt*

C. lxxvi lxxvi. 50° GEO. III.

and every covered Way as shall or tnay hereafter be made to any Building, may be covered with the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera, or any or either of the said several Articles or Materials mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, and the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera shall and may be used in like manner as if the said Material or Composition had been specilically named and included in the said Act among the Articles enumerated therein to be used for covering any such Buildings; on each Sheet of which Tessera so used, shall be damped on the upper Side thereof in legible Characters the Words,* Tessera licensed " to be used by Act of Parliament."

II. And be it further enacted, That the TefTera to be used pursuant to this Act shall not contain a greater Quantity of Tar or other Bitumenous Snbstance, than is set out and described in the Specification of the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make use of, in the covering of any Flat, Gutter or Roof of any such Building, or of any Turret, Dormer, Lanlhorn Light or other Erection in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, or any external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer or Lanthorrr Light, or of any Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-dressing, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade or other external Decoration or Projection, or any Frontispiece to any such Building, or any Addition or Enlargement thereto, or any covered Way belonging thereto, any Composition, Mannfacture or Mixture, as and for the Tessera permitted to be used by this Act, then, and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Casts of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of: His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than Ohe Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same 5 and every such Person shall also be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, Restrictions and Regulations imposed by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Persons offending against the said recited Act: Provided always, That no Action or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Forfeiture infiifted or incurred by this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal; and for alter? ing and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto.

[(8th May 1810.]

Caf.

C. lxxeii — lxxxir.

50° GEO. III.

f437

Cap. lxxrii.

An Act for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of*".Mor'eton'j Leant, between. Tower House and Whitttefey Field, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Ad9 of His late and 30 G*c*36-present Majesty for draining, preserving and inclosing Lands in 34 G^OrC. 10t* March, Wimblington and UpwelU in the Isle of Ely aHd County of Cambridge, so far as the said Acts relate to the First and Second'

Districts therein mentioned.*[18th May 18 to.]<

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors*

Parishes and Places of North Weston, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerset.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for draiuing and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[18th May t$lo: ]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marshes and Fen Lands called or known by the Napie of The Minfmcre Lcv'U within the several Parishes of Leiftony with the Hamlet of.&'zr-avelU Theberton, Dunwich, Wefileton and Middleton cum Fordlty9 in the County of Suffolk.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His 43 G. 3. c.cxxtHu present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the feud Town.

[ 18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for better lighting, watching, cleansing and repairing the 29 G. 2. r. «r. Highways, and otherwise improving the Hamlet of Ratcliff\ iti to

the County of Middlesex, and for repealing an Act of the Twtfoty ninth Year of His late Majesty relative thereto; and for the better lc Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxiv. r

An Act for better paving and lighting, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Middlesex. '

[18th May 1810.]

M x G. 3. Ml. 3 G. 3. c. 13. 4 G. 3. c. 39. 5 G. 3. c. co. 11 G. 3.

" c. 22. 30 Q. 3. c. 53. repealed a# to Liberty of the Rolls. $ 16.

t f 3 Cap.

438 C. lxixv — *xcii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

Cap. lxtxv.

17 G. 3. c. 59, An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty ferenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

49 G. s.f.cxavi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse* and Soft Bridge over the River Foss* in the City of Toth; for widening, raising and improving certain Streets, Lanes and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for maintaining a Bridge across the River Beauley* to be called The Lovat Bridge, in the County of Invenufs.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Hill, communicating with the present Turnpike Road from London to Barnet* at UpPer Hollo-evay* in the rarish of Saint Mary ijlingUm, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Homfey, in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Life Assurance and Annuity Office , to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of NeweaJUe upon Tyne

[18th May 1810.]

Tsars.]

Cap. xcii.

is G. 2. e. if. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 14 G. 2. c. 93, Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned,

30 G. a. c. 54. k far u the j*ame the Road from the Red House* near

38 G. 3. c. ioi, ^oncqfler* to the South End of Wahjicld Bridge* and from Wake-

field to PoutefraB, and from thence to We eland* and from Ponte-fraB to Wentbridge* all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[18th May 1810.]

Additional Trujhet. Former Tolls repealed, and asm Totis granted.]

C. xciii - ^nXoili.

439

50° GEO. III.

Cap. xciii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 5G*3; C, 1°7' Two A6h, passed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of Hie present 16 G*3*8Q* Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warw\ch to the Town of Northampton. (b)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Hockliffc, in the County of Bedford. (a)

[18th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of G. 1. c. 6. several Acts for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to Warm- G* ington9 and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of War* q 3' 80*

wick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. {b)

[18th May 1810.]

[Double T*ll on Sunday.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two 8 G. 3. c. 4; . Acts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His present asG.a. c. 10a. Majesty, fp far as the same relate to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mtrfey, called Enter slough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, (c)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new T9IU granted*']

Cap. xcrii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three A €to of asO.*. c. 31. His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein tvG.a. c. 96. mentioned, leading to, through apd ftpm toe Town of Monmouth, 33 G*3'c* lfi9' and for making a New Piece of Road to*communicate there-with.

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Dwkk Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Twenty eighth as G, a. «. ios* Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Staple* bar to Lirtgen, and from thence to Willey?* Oak, and from King* foam to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lmgen aforesaid to Wolford, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to ccgfo, mi new Tolls granted.]

C. xcix — ciii.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO- III.

Cap. xcix.

An Act for more effe6hially repairing and improving the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham. (a

[18th May 1810.]

£ Double Tolls on Sunday."]

" 7 G. ». St at. 1. r 2f 15 Cr. a. r. 5. 24 G. 2. c. 32. and 6 G. 3. r. 71.

repealed as to the Road from IVendover to Buckingham.

Cap. c.

07 G. 0.*173. An Act to continue the Term, / and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Briton in the Moors to Blackburn* in the County Palatine of Lancajkr; and for making a Branch of Road from the said Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to Preston; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hardman % both in Turton in the said County, (a)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and ne<w Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ci.

33 G. 3. C. 155. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Brewton* and other Roads, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts* therein described. (a)

[18th May 1810.]

[New Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham* to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley, in the County of Derby. and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at KelJBdge, in the said County of Derby, (e)

[18th May 1810.]

[Additional Trttjlecs appointed."]

Cap. ciii.

aG. 3. c. 65. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 11 G. 3. c. 87. Three Acts* passed in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty second

2'3' c*116* Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford* to the Road from Ashbon to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek* to the !Road above Frogall Bridge*

and from the same Road to the said Road between Blyth Matftt and Thorp at pr near Ruebill Gate, in the County of Stafford, (c)

[i$th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tods on Sunday.]

b G. 3. c. 90. aSG.3. c. 87.

A.D. 1810.

C. civ — Cxi.

50° GEO. III.

44*

Cap. civ.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of9G. 3. c. so. Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of Hit present 3 0 G. 3. c* J07. Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford. (r)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday,]

Cap. cv.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Estates devised to him for Life by the Will of his late Father, deceased. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting the legal Fee of certain Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Lord Penrhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Esquire, in William Le Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trusts subsisting or capable of taking Effect in the said Estates. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the surviving Trustee under the Will of Elizabeth Boddington, deceased. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for incorporating ihe Archbishop of Cafhel, the Bishop of Leightm and Ferns, the Bishop of OJfory, and the Dean of OJfory, and their respective Successors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of The Trustees of the Alylum*in the City of Kilkenny, founded by James Switfir Esquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and useful In Hi tut ion, according to the Provisions of a certain Trust Deed, executed by the said James Switfir. (q. P.)

[18th May x810.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Preroifes near Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Esquire deceased, in Trustees in trust to sell the same, and to lav out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cx.

An Act to confirm and establish certain Indofures of Lands, within the Parish of Rojfington, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also to elfcftuate an Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster, and the Rector of Rojfington aforesaid. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newnton Blojfomville otherwise Newton Blofomville, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §15.

C.cxii — cxx

A.DJlit.

44*

$o9 GEO. III.

Cap. cxii*

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of TtBtfeamb otherwise Toff, combe, in the County of Sofia. (q.P.) |_i8th May l iio.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ttdeniam, Woolaftoai and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.)

[18th May i3io.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §25.

Cap. cxir.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of derrick Prior, and in the Manor and I'arish of Newington, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)

[18th May x Bio.J

44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §25.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of CoeScote, Wclmsy* and Kaefaoarth, in the County of Hertford. (q.P.)

[18th May8io.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of and Gladdtfry Coba, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

44 Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor. §21. 33. Sav.

ings to His Majesty. §51, 52.

Cap. eavii.

An Act for inclosing the Open Fields of Newbold Verdaa and NewbolJ Heath, in the County of Leicester. (a. P-)

[18th May 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for certain Tithes. §26, 27. 29*

44 32> 35- Tithes'of ancient Inclosures commuted for. §31.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Enbome, Ham ft cad Marshall, Inkpcn and Kintbury, in the County of Berks, (q. P, )

[18th May 1810J

Cap. cxix.

si G. a. c. 72. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Lots and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk, [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar.

[34th May 1810.]

w 39 G* 3 < to as relating to Statute Labour in Forfar repealed.

Cop

V

UO.1810,

C. cxxi — -cxxix,

443

50° GEO. III.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in the County of Nasser. (I)

[24th May 1810.]

u 29 G. 3. r. 20. and 34 G. 3. c. 100. repealed as to certain Turnpike M Roads.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Union Cana], in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, to join the Grand Junction Canal near Long Buckby, in the County of Nor thampton; and for making a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth; and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for making aid maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the Rieer- Severn, from the Parish of Newnbam to the Parish of Arling-bam, in the County of Gloucester.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South West Parts of the Middle Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank within the said Parish.

[24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 20. 22, &c. No Lease u of Redorial Allotments without Consent of the King as Patroo of the Rectory of Leverton. $ 3a.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the ParUh of Leake, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the said Parish.

[24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 22, fee.

Cap. csxviii.

An Act for amending, enlarging and rendering more effednal an nG.s. c. 3S. Ad: passed in the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the e&edual draining and preferring of a certain Fen called Caw die Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge* [24th May 1810.]

Cap. qxxix.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His 41G- (*)

present

C. cxxix — cxxxv.

AJS.iftio,

444

59°

GEO.

III.

present Majesty, for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The Ea/i and West Fens % in the County of Lincoln: and for dividing and inclosing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds belonging to and in certain Parishes having Right of Common on the said Fens, and for declaring to what Parishes such Allotments shall belong.

[24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §19 — 22.

Cap. cxxx.

43 G. 3. c. cxvii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick} and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Mirtifter or perpetual Curate thereof.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for the more equally assessing and collecting the Poor Ratei within the Hamlet of Mile Eud Old To<umy in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebon Hoath otherwise Stepney, in the Couotr of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Workhouse or Work* houses of the said Hamlet, and managing the Concerns thereof.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxiu

46 G. 3. c. mix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Mid&tfn

[j60, 0001.] Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money*; and to alrer, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of lus present Majesty, for making the said Waterworks; and for extending the same.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxixi.

ai G. a. c. 133. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Brat-kley9 to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury. (0

[24th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. — Double Tolls m

Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxiv.

3oG.3.(T.)c. 46. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the repealed, as to Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike Power to divide Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone..[24th May 1810.]

" [New Tolls.]

Cap. cxxxv.

9 G. 3. c, so. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 91 G. 3. «. si. Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick and in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick. (c)[24th May 1810.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cof.

AJ3.X&10* 50° GEO. III. C. cxxxvi- — cxliii 4+5

Cap. cxxxvi.

An far making and maintaining a Road from a Place called

YJirady in the Parish of Lanfabon9 in the County of Glamorgan, to f*ontymoil9 near the Town of PontypooU in the County of Mon-moorth9 with a collateral Branch to join the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca9 in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near Yfirad a fore laid, and another Bridge near Penll-wpyjB, in the County of Monmouth. (b)[24th May 1810.]

[.Double Tods on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brandlefome Moss Gate* in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of York9 % Publick House, in the Township of Blackburn, and Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[24th May 1810.]

[Double Tods on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G. 3. c.lxxxir. the Reign of His prefen t.Majesty, intituled, An Act to vejl the settled Dilates of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwa il, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees in TrnJ} to be sold for the Payment of Debts offering the fame9 and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof for the Inve/lment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale9 in the Purchase of other Ejraies, to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dymerchion, in the County of Flint, (q. P.)

[24th May 1810.]

11 Allotment and Savings to His Majesty, and Bishop of St. Asaph

u as Lord of the Manor of Ifterfyn. §20. 31. 40.- 42.

Cap. cxl.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

[24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §24. Allotment in lfeu

" of Pension to Vicar. §25.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for paving the Footways and Cross-paths, and lighting, cleansing and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Parish of Romsey Infra9 arid in the Parish of Romsey Extras in the County of Southampton.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing, draining and preserving Lands in the Parish of Thime in the County of Norfolk.

[2d June 1810.]

44<*

C. cxliii — cK

A.D. 181C*.

QG.-O c. 30. JV.

493 3.c clxxxiii.

35 G. 3. C. 53. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. lxviii.

11 G. 3. c. 46. 33 G.a. c. 83. repealed.

50° GEO. XII.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimhlington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Pan(h of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the said Act relates to the Lands in the Second Dif-llrift therein described.

[id Jtme 1810.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Lit Session of Parliament, relating to, the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits from Eafi Moulsey in Surrey, to Ravensborne in Kent.

[2d June 1810 ]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chyle*, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

[2d June 1810 ]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for better and more effectually paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwise improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Passages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter.

[2d June 1810.]

" 1 G. 3* c. 28. repealed. 46 G. 3. r. xxxix. save as to ceasing of

" special Obligations to repair,) repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other Publick Passages and Places, in the Pfirish of Smti Pancras in the County of MidSefex^ which are or shall be made upon Ground belonging to Joseph Lucas Esquire.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlvih.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, pafkd for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Kiver Thames or Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the (Sounty of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of Wilts, and also certain navigable Cuts therein described.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for lighting, witching, paving, deanfing, regulating and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex [2d June 1810.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for (applying with Water Upper and Lower Hollows, Highbury, Carmonbury, Upper Islington, and their respective Vicinities,

A.D. 1810.

C. cl — civil*.

447

50° GEO. III.

tic*, all in the Parish of Saint Mary* Jflingtcm, in the County of Middbftx, and for other Purposes relating the reto*

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. di.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money*for carrying into Ex-[;: , o, oooo1.]. edition the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Skriy&40U. j. Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se- c. xlyi. curity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of 44 £ J

i^Xi.

[2d>n, .8.0,]

46 C. 3. c. liz. 47 C. a. Stff. 3. c. r. 49 3.'

Cap. clii.

An Act for authorizing the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the Town of Naas.

[id June 1810.]

Cap. diii.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His wG.3. c. 144, present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending* improving and iceping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath; and for granting other Powers for more effectually improving the several Roads therein described, being in and leading to most from the said City, (a)

[id June 1810.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge^ near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Pott in Kingslhorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge in the same County, (a)

[id June 181c.]

18 G. 3. c. 111. repealed.

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable Sir Henry St. John Carevt St. John Mildmay Baronet, to exercise certain Powers of jointuring and charging certain settled Estates in the County of Essex with Portions for younger Children, (q. P.)

[id Vanr 18x0.]

Cap. dvi.

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates late the Property of Su-fauna Hake deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Parties entitled to the said Estates. (q. P.)

[id June i8tO.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Divisions of Lewknor and Po/l-comb, in the Parish of Lewknor in the County of Oxford. (q. P.J

[2d June 18x0.J

V Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §14, 15.

Cap. dviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kidlington in the County of Oxford.' (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

u Allotment and Compenfoion for Tithes. \ 47. no.

3 Cap.

44*

C. clix — clxiii.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

Cap. disc.

An Act fair inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Siainton and EdTmgton^ in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.] 44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §17, See.

Cap. dx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oiF Cheadle % in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rotbbvry, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoey and in the Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxiii.

An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be calied, 44 The Gas Light and " Coke Company, " for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and essential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and essential Oil, may be procured from Coal: And whereas the fa: d Inflammable Air, being*conveyed by means of Pipes, maybe fafelv and beneficially used, for lighting publick Streets, Squares, Market-Places and large Manufactories, and for lighting private Houses; and the Coke*may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houses and Mann- fastories, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal*Liquor, and essential Oil, may be used and applied in various ways with great Advantage: And whereas the Introduction of the said Articles into general Use would be greatly beneficial to the Publick: And whereas the Production and beneficial Use of such Articles will*be more completely and speedily effected, if His Majesty should constitute and declare, by his Charter, that such Persons as should be named therein, and be afterwards duly admitted, for the purpose of producing such Articles for the Purposes aforesaid, should be one Body Politick and Corporate, under certain Limitations to be prescribed, and that such Powers and Authorities should be given to such Body Politick and Corporate as cannot be granted without the Aid of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, His Majesty may and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty, by grant« Chaiter to Charter, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall think fat within I'erfbtis admitted Three Years after the passing of this Act, to declare and grant, that into the G*..such

AJ).1810. jo° GEO. III. C» chili.

such and so many Persons as shall be named therein, and all and every loch other Person and Persons as from time to time shall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of "The Gas Light and Coke Company, '* to continue for and during the Period of Twenty one Years from the time of granting such Charter, and to declare that the said Corporation, so to be made and created, shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and essential Oil from Coal; such Corporation shall have Power to make Contrafts with any Commissioners or Directors, or Trustees, having the Controul, Direction or Management of the lighting of any of the Parishes, or extra-parochial Places with-_ in the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties or rrecinfts thereof respectively, or any Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and desirous of contracting with the said Corporation for the lighting of any such Parishes or Places, or any Streets, Squares, publick Market Places or Manufactories or pri-Tate Houses, or Places of publick Exhibition within the said Parishes, or extraparochial Places, situate within the said Cities or Liberties thereof* or Liberties or Precincts aforesaid; and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Aramoniacal Liquor and essential Oil, and all other Products arising from Coal, under such Conditions, Limitations and Restrictions, as shall be expressed and # contained in such Charter, and as are herein after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to raise and contribute 3mong themselves a Capital or Joiut Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be subscribed in Shares of Fifty Pounds each.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Corporation shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

IV. And, to the intent that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for answering and paying all just Demands upon the said Corporation, and to fumi(h the said Corporation with Money for its necessary and lawful Occasions, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation shall be obliged by force and virtue of the said Charter so to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within a Period not exceeding Three Years, to be computed from the time the said Charter of Incorporation shall be granted.

V. And be it further crafted. That in the said Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be provided, that all and every Person or Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any general Court or Courts authorized by the said Charter to be held by the said Corporation for that Purpose, for or towards the raising the said Capital Joint Stock, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Corporation, in proportion to the Monies to which he, she, or they shall

jo Geo. III. G g have

449

I/igT'.t und Cole Company,

Stoclc not to exceed 200, 0001.

100, 0001. to

lx; fu!)fcrll>ed before Corporation

Joint Stoclc to he ndfed within Three Yean.

SulTcn1*f* to share in Sun k in proportion to SubiVriptiOKi.

C. clxiiu

$e GEO. III.

A.D. 18I&

Sul»frriV>rn liable t*» Debts of Corporation in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Siork to be tli-vi»lrd into Shares f sol. each, l'eifooal Kiiate.

Proprietor* to wte according to Number of Shares*

If T'« o or more IVrfombc joint Proprietors, the tuft named shall rote.

No Proprietor to vote if interested*

have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the same.

VI. Provided alwifys, and It is hereby enacted, That the several Members of the said Corporation shall respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further, or otherwise liable, either personally, or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrafts or Agreements, entered into by the said Corporation, or be subject or Cable by reason of his or their being Members of the said Corporation, or of any of the A6h of the said Corporation, to the Statutes refjpeA-ingBankrupts, or any of them.

VIk And be it further enacted, That the said Sum to be so subscribed shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling each; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the said Corporation, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, fend not of the Nature of Real Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly;

VIII. And, to the intent that all Matters and Things touching the Concerns of the said Body Corporate may be managed and conducted in the most beneficial manner. Be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be provided, that all and every Person or Persons, who shall have subscribed for, or become entitled to, and be in the a&aal Possession of Two and more Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have a Vote or Votes in respect of such Shares in the General and Special Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held for carrying on the said Undertaking, or for any Purposes relative thereto, in proportion to the Number of Shares Following; that is to say, For Two Shares, and less than Eour Shares, One Vote; for Four Shares, and less than Eight Shares, Two Votes; for Eight Shares, and less than Sixteen Shares, Three Votes 5 for Sixteen Shares, and less than Twenty four Shares, Four Votes; and for Twenty four Shares and upwards. Five Votes; provided that no Person shall be entitled to give any Vote at any such Meeting or Meetings, unless such Person shall be possessed or Two Shares at least in the said Joint Stock or Undertaking, and shall have held such Shares for Si* Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be de*.4ared, That whenever Twa or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of, or entitled to Two or more Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the said Body Corporate, and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, such Persons mail be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand First in the Books of the said Body Corporate as joint Subscriber or Proprietor of such Shares; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any of the Meetings of the said Body Corporate, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, to be appointed or chosen agreeable to the Du*dk>n of such

Charter,

C. elifci.

45*

A.D. 18te. 50° G£0. tit;

"Charter, upon any Quefladn or Questione relating to the Concerns of the (hid Body Corporate, in which such Person or Persons shall be inny ways kiterested, other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Stock and Undertaking.

X. ^And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation it shall be provided, that there shall be from time to time elected from the Members of the said Body Corporate, a Governor, a Deputy Governor, and Ten Directors of and in the said Body Corporate 5 and that no Director shall be a Dealer, either directly or iodirectly, in any one of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said Corporation.

XI. And he k further enabled, That in the said Charter for efta-tKhfog such Corporation, it shall be provided, that there shall be held in each Year Two General Meetings of the said Body Corporate, videlicet, on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty sixth Day of December, or within Fourteen Days next after such Days respectively, of which several Meetings Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the publick Newspapers published in the City of Ldn- don, and County of Middlesex, and the First General Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be holden on such of the said Days mb shall first happen next after the granting of such Charter; and that U such Meetings may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient, and that the Subscriber* and Proprietors at such General Meetings, or at any other Special Meetings to be called for that Purpose, of which Twenty one Days Notice shall be given in the Gazette, and in Two daily Morning and Two daily Evening Papers, specifying the Purpose for which such Special Meeting is calied, shall have Power to elect Persons not having less than Twenty four Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, into the Place or Places of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors, who shall have quitted such Office or Offices, in pursuance of utiy Direction to be contained in such Charter, and to cleft other Persons qualified as last a fore fa id, to fervein the Place of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, whose Office shall have ne-ipeftively become vacant by Death, Amotion, Resignation, or want of Qualification, or otherwise; and that at every such Meeting or Meetings, all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Subscribers and Proprietors present, according to their respective Number of Votes, such Votes to be taken by Bailot; and in case inch Votes shall be equal, the Governor for the tfme being, or, in case of his Abfeace, the Deputy Governor, or in case of the Absence of such Deputy Governor, then such Person as shall be in the Chair for the time being, shall have a calling Vote; and that if any Governor, Deputy Governor or Director so first to be nominated, or at any time to bectiofen, shall, during the Continuance of such his or their Office fl aforesaid, by Transfer, Forfeiture, or otherwise, reduce his or their Number of Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, below the Number of Twenty four Shares, then, and in every such Case or Cases, the Office or Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Director, shall instantly cease, determine and become vacant in the same and like manner as upon the Death or Resignation of fitch Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors respectively; and that no Member or Members of the said Body Corporate to be chosen Gover-

G g 2 nor.

Dlieflors to be appointed.

Two.CJrnml Meetine* n»be

held in each Year.

How DirrAori shall be choseu.

45* C. clxSi. s°° GEO- A-D.f*ia.

nor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors of the said Body Corporate, shall be capable of being so chosen, or of continuing such Governor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors as aforesaid, unless the said Number of Twenty four Shares be entered and continue in the Names of such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director or Directors respectivelyi in the Books of the said Body Corporate.

DireAontocoti-

XII. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for efta-

Four Year*.*blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the said several Persons therein to be nominated and appointed the first Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors a* aforesaid, who shall not resign, or be removed or become ineligible and unqualified, shall continue in their respective Offices for the Space of Four Years, and until others shall be duly elected into their Places 5 and that all succeeding Governors, Deputy Governors and Directors, shall successively be chosen out of the Members of the said Body Corporate, between the Twenty fourth Day of May, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Governor and Deputy Governor so chosen as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively continue in their several and respective Offices t Sic, of Governor, f Deputy Governor for the Space of Four Years, and

until others shall be duly elected into their Places; and of the Directors so to be chosen as aforesaid, Three shall continue in Office for the Period of One Year, and other Three for the Period of Two Years, and the remaining Four for the Period of Four Years, from their being so chosen as aforesaid, to be decided by Lot.

Vtoancm in the

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Va-£Ued up!*° cancy or Vacancies in the Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors respectively, by Death, Resignation, Removal, oc becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforesaid, may and shall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings to be called for that Purpose in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so to be chosea to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his or their several and respective Office or Offices for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the next succeeding General Election of Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors.

Dhv&ors audio

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any ritVd to wimiiii- Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Director so nominated, or who Her an Oath* shall^c^0fen pursuant to the Directions of any such Charter, to administer an Oath as to the Possession of any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock or Undertaking, or as to the Period of the Possession of any such Shares, and also as to the Accounts of any Person or Persons in the Employment or Service of the said Corporation, as a Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer or Servant of the find Corporation.

Special Meetings

XV. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter, forestablish-of the IVoprie ing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that if at any time it shall ti rsmajbtcou- appear to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the veD€t' time being* at any Meeting, or to any Thirty or more of the other

Subscritiers or Proprietors, who shall together be Holders of Three hundred Shares at the least, to be necessary or expedient to call afpe-dal Meeting of the Subscribers or Proprietors at large, for the Purpose of taking their Opinion and Determination, upon any Matteror Thing relating to the said Body Corporate 5 that it shall be lawful for such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of their own Authority,

A.D. 1$to»

C. clxilL

453

50° GEO. III.

thority, or at the RequHition in Writing, to be*signed by such Thirty or more other Subscribers or Proprietors being Holders of at ieaft Three hundred Shares, and which Requisition thali specify the Object of such Meeting 5 and in case the Governor, Deputy Govern nor and Directors for the time being, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to comply with such Requisition, then, and in such Case, it shall he lawful for the Subscribers or Proprietors, who shall have signed the same, to call a special Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors at large, by Advertisement in the London Gatuttt, and in Four or more of the Newspapers, publidied in the City of London, or County of Middlesex, specifying the Place where and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time not being lets than Twenty one Days after such Notice, and the Place somewhere in London or Westminster; and like wife specify ing in such No* face, the Reason for and Intention of calling such special Meeting, and the Subscribers and Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet Durfuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such special Meeting, and specified in such Notice, and the 'Decision and Deter* mtnation of the Subscribers and Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such Matter or Matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at any General Meeting of the said Body Corporate as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for efta- Meetings of the blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three or more of the tlw, ? Directors, or any Five of the Directors, if the Governor or Deputy Governor shall not be present, but not less, shall be a sufficient Number to constitute a Meeting for the Purpose of executing all such Powers and Authorities, as the Whole of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directorrf for the time being, might have executed, if assembled together; and that all Questions, Matters and Things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Directors then present; and in case of an equal Divisien, the Governor for the time being, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall have the calling Vote; and that if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, the said Governor or Deputy Governor, and Three Directors, or Five Directors, shall not attend, that then, and in every such Case, the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the principal or Chief Clerk to the said Body Co rporate, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place.

XVII. And be it further eaaded. That in such Charter for efta- Power of Piree* blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, ton-Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Body Corporate named in the said Charter, or to be chosen agreeable to the Direction therein to be contained, shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Body Corporate, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well ip issuing, receiving and laying out and disposiag

G g 3 of

454

C. clxiii.

AJBuffta.

50* G*0. HI.

TreasurPT not to itt'ur Money witlioiit an Ordtr from Director*.

Pivi^emU to fie madcH^f-y curly,

*c.

CrtfU to be made DU SuWeril*.

of all Snips of Money to be iffifed or received^ laid oat, m dispafcJT of# for the Purposts of the same, at ia ooootracting for and puchsf» fog MeiFuagea, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chat*, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contracts for the lighting of any such Parishes, Places, Streets* Mai'kets, Houses or Buildings aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in Celling and difo posing of all Articles produced from Coal as aforesaid, and ia placing and displacing Officers, Clerks, Agents and Servants, and making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wise concerning the same, (object to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Constitutions, as fbatt at any time be duly made by the said Body Corporate, in Refbatat* Controul or Regulations of the Powers and Authorities to ba granted by the said Charter or Indenture.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for eft* bliffiing such Corporation, it shall be prodded, that the Treafcrer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers of the said Body Corporate^ stall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Body Corporate, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three others at the lead of the Directors prefieot, or by Five Directors ab some Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dice&orsf and that on the Twenty fourth Day of Jume and the Twenty fixtis Day of Dettmbtr in every Year, or wkbin Fourteen Dart of the same respectively, a Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made by the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being aforesaid, out of the Inttreft, Profit or Advantages of the said Stock or Undertaking, at a Meeting or Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held at such several Times as iaft aforesaid respectively, unless the Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Body Corpo rate, shall at such Meeting or Meetings declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much id the Hundred upon all and every Sum or Sums of Mooey paid to the said Body Corporate, by such Subscribers and Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assignt, as the fad Body Corporate shall think fit at such Meeting or Meeting* to appoint and determine 5 provided that no Dividend shall be declared, made or paid for Twelve Months after the EstabJfftimeot of such Corporation: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be made, whereby the Capital of such Company shall be in any Degree reduced or ia* paired 5 and that the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directeri* who shall make any such Dividend, shall be personalty responGbte to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, (hr any Injury which may arise therefrom,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter fof establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that at every General Meeting of the said Body Corporate, the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, in cofriequence of any Refutation that shall have been first paled for such Purpose, at any Meeting of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, to have been on that Account* held, shall hare full Power and Authority to moke such Call or Calls for Money, front the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Adnpmfcxtpn, Soccefors and Assigns, as the said Got

vcru«r4

k«D« i8id*

C. clxift.

*o° CEO. III.

vmor, Deputy Governor and Directors shall frftm time to time find

wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the Undertaking, so that

no such Call do exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, for or in respect

of any one Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be

made bat at the Difiance of Five Calendar Months at leaii from

each other, and that the Sum or several Sums of Money, so to be

called for, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said

Body Corporate, to be issued and applied by virtue of an Order or Orders given to him for that Purpose; and that such Order or Or*

ders fluul be signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the

time being and Three of the Directors at least present, or by Five of the Directors present at foine Meeting of the Governor, Deputy

Governor and Directors duly held, and that the said several Sums

of Money so called for, shall be paid at such Time and Place, as shall be appointed by such General Meeting of the said Body Corporate;

of which Time and Place, One Calendar Month's Notice at least

shall be given in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the said daily Newspapers, published in London or Middlesex, or in such other manner as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors,

shall at any Meeting direct and appoint in that behalf; and that if fn Default of

any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Payment of Caitt,

Proportion of the Money so to be called for, during the Space of to he lor-

Three Calendar Months, next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, then in such case, such Person or Persons, fb neglect*

ing or refuling, shall absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share,

Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and '

all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them, on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Corporation; and that all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited, shall or may be sold at a publick Sale for the naoft Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Body Corporate; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, until after Twenty one Days Notice shall be given by the Treasurer or Clerk but Node* first to the said Body Corporate, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or ubcgtvw. Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited, at the tirfl Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Two Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared, shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Sub-feriber or Subscribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions, for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement, between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, and the said Body Corporate with regard to the future earn ing on and Management of the said Undertaking.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for efta- Executors, blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that if any Person indemnified in $r Persons, Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of P*!* any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die hefore Payment shall have been made by him or her, of the full Svm to be

G g 4 culled

C. clxiii<

i

A.D. 1810.

456

50 GEO. III.

called for, or in refoe& thereof as aforesaid, without haring made

any sufficient Provinon, by Will or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respectc thereof shall be answered; that then, and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustees or Trustee, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person, entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Subscriber or Subscrihera, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deeeafied Proprietor.

XXI. And, in order that where the original Subscriber of Ooe or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Right and interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof, with the Clerk to the said Corporation, it may not be in the Power of the said Body Corporate, or any Officer acting for the said Body Corporate, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successorm and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her* or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them, thfeir Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be For ascertaining entitled by virtue thereof, Be it further enacted, That in the said the Proprietor- Charter for establishing fucjt Corporation it shall be provided, that^in in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in one or

<wtui tsfes. more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscrihers, or any Proprietor or Proprietor* thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal meant than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner to be specified in such Charter, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before one of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace, dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Body Corporate, to the intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book, or Lift of Subscrihers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk; and that ia all or auy of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for the Subscrihers and Proprietors at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasureror Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successora and Assigns, shall not have paid his, her/ or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times, at the Intervals of Ten Days between each Advenisement, in some Four Newspaperv circulated in the said County of Middlesex and City of London, to declare at any General Meeting the same Share or Shares to be for-

fcitedj

A.D. 1810.

9

C. chili;

457

50° GEO. III.

feked, and that In such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said Subscribers and Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall dire#, or otherwise be* come consolidated in the General Fund of the said Body Corporate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for efta- Shares «ayba bl idling such Corporation it shall be provided, that it shall be lawful transferred, for the Several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and A diems, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be poi-feffect, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effe# following:

T do hereby assign and transfer to Focm of Shares.

*his Executors, Administrators and Assigns {or to

4)and their Succedors, all my Share or Shares {spetifying the Number), in the Joint Stock and Undertake ing of "The Gas Light and Coke Company, " and to the net Profit and Advantages thereof, and all my Right, Title and

Interest therein. Witness my Hand, this

Day of in the Year

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Body Corporate, duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and received as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that until such Transfer shall be so registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assign9, shall have any Part or Share in the said joint Stock and Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, as Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall not borrow, or take up by way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in Manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the said Charter it shall be provided, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the Behalf of any Panm or Parishes, or Parts of any Parish or Parishes, or extra-parochial Place or Places, within the Cities of London and Westminster aforesaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the same Cities undertake to fumiffi, and shall fumiffi such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts of any Parish or Parishes respectively, with a sufficient Supply of Inflammable Air, for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than such Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, could be supplied with, if lighted in the usual manner, during the Existence of the Contract which they |psj enter into with the said Corporation; Provided also, that nothing

Transfers, to be registered*

Corporation net to borrow Motley

Corporation not to light Parishes beyond Extent of their Capital.

a cixiSk

JLStiSt

In what Case ('ontra# with Parishe* void.

Powm of (applying Air, limited % o London, West-aaiufter, &c.

Not to supply any House out of the Line of lliiu Pipe*

No Macbinevy

for conveying Gaa to Private Hovfaa to be

fold.

In what Case Hit

void.

n

CEO. Itt

thing hetein contained (hill extend to cofhfCl Or teqUire the bid Ba£)r Corporate to expend any1 greater Sam or Sum of Mouey for the Purposes to be mentioned or expressed in the bid Charter, than the Members of the said Corporation shall be thereby, or by this Act b* authorised to subscribe or contribute for the Pur poles of the said Undertaking, nor to corn rad with any such Pari in or Parishes, or Place or Puces, for a less Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Body Corporate.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Con trad or Agreement entered into by any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of Panfbca* with the said Corooration, shall contain a Clause providing than the said Contrail mall be null and void, if at any time the Price charged for Inflammable Air used in lighting the Parish shall be greater than what at the time shall be paid for lighting any Part of London, Westm 'insler or Southwark, with Oil in the usual manner.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means contract to supply, or shall be permitted to fop* ply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purpose afore* laid, any Parish or Parishes, or any Part or Parts of Parishes, that shall not lie or he situate within the Cities of London or lVcfhun/Urt or oue of them, or the Borough of Southwark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Prccin&s of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Corpo* rate shall not, by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply aoy Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever, with the said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, except only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buildings, which emu be supplied from such main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purposes of supplying any Parish or Parishes or Streets, or Part or Parts of any rarish or Parishes with such Inflammable Air, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Cot* porate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contra& to fell and furnish, x>r shall fell or furnish asy Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Dc* feription whatever, for the Purpose of conveying, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter, it shall be declared, that if at any time hereafter during the Continuance of the said Body Corporate, the said Body Corporate shall omit, neglect or refuse to carry into Effect and fulfil the Provisioa hereby directed to be inserted in the said Charter, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the behalf of any Panm or Parishes, or Parts of any Parish or Parishes, extip-parochial Place or Places, Past or Parts thereof, within the said Cities of London and Wejiwmnfitr, Borough of Southwark, their Suburbs, Precinct and Liberties respectively, undertake to furnish such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts, or such extraparochial Place and Places respe&irely with a fuffibest

Supply

AJ9«i 9l<»>

5&> QUO. HI,

C.con5f>

m

ygppty of hftjftwMa Air far the Purnwfes of lighting the (kid Perm* or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof, or such extra-parochial Pkee or Places respectively, Part or Parts thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price than such Parifl* tr Panlhes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, extra-parochial Place or Places, Part or Parts thereof, shall have usually been supplied with under the Stipubtiona and to the Extent in the said Charter to be CXprefied, or shall in any manner act contrary to or in violation of the Provisioa to be inserted in the said Charters that the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any W aye or Meaas contract to supply, or shall he permitted tp supply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid* my Parhh or Parishes, Part or Parts of Pari (be*, extra-parochial Place or Places, or Part or Parta of such extra-parochial Place or Places,; that shall not lie or be (kuate within the Cities of London and Wtji* rnnfler> or one of them, or in Parts adjacent to the said Cities, or within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey^ or shall in any Manner or Respect act contrary to or in viola* tion of the Provisioa to be made in the said Charter; that the said Body Corporate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply any Dwelling Houft Or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever with the said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

Cxoept only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buddings, which can be supplied from such Main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purpose of supplying any Pariflk or Parishes, Part or Parts of any Parish or Parishes with fuels Inflammable Air for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall in any Manner or*

Respedk act contrary to or in violatios of the Provision to be con* tamed in the said Charter; that the said Body Corporate shall not; by any Ways or Meant, or under any Pretence or Pretences con-to (ell or furntfh, or (h&H fell and furnish any Store or Pipe*

0* Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever for the Purpose, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Pttr-ptffe of lighting the same, it (ha& in any or either of the said Case*

e kwfiftl for His Majesty his Heirs or Successors, by any Letters Pateat under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke and make void the said Corporation, and all the Powers, Privileges, Benefits wd Advantages to be granted to fetch Corporation as aforesaid, and thereupon the same (half determine and become void accordingly.

XXX. And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas cannot be Power in certain ifod for fighting the publick Streets, Ways or Passages as aforesaid, Case* to, b.rwk unites the said Air or Gas be coaveved by means of Pipes to be «F SoU wul properly laid for that Purpose; Be it further enacted, That if at any Stn^s^Stc. for time after the passing of this A A, any Corhnti&onerti or Trustees, laying or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in whom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Controui of lighting the publick Streets, Highways,

Lanes, Passaget, or any Part thereof, in the Cities of London and W$*iafiert or within the Town mid B9rough of Southwark^ in the County of Surrey, flto&ld think it fit and convenient to con* ffa& with the said Body Corporate* or with any other Person or:

Persons

AJJ.ltM.

4<5o

C. cixiti.

jo GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

Workmen in laying or repairing Pipes to make good the lavement.

If Contract bt rot duly performed they may be voided on firing Notice,

Persons whomsoever, to light the publick Strtet*, Highways Li or Passages, or any Part of them, in the Cities, or iWn, «r Borough aforesaid, by Means of such Gas as aforesaid; that dae* and in all such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Body Corporate and their Successors, and for such other Person or Fedocks as aforesaid, and they are hereby fully authorized and eropowetad, with the Approbation and under the Direction of such Cotmnsf-sioners or Trustees, by their Servants, Workmen and others, to beak up the Soil and Pavements of any such Streets, Ways, Lanes and Passages, and dig and fink Trenches and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks or Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, and in such manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid, and from time to time to alter the Position of, and CO repair, relay and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks and Plugs, md do all such other Acts, Matters and Things, as the said Body Corporate and their Successdrs, or such other Person or Persons as atfore* said, shall, from time to time, think necessary and convenient for com* pletiner, amending, repairing, improving and using the same.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Pipes, shall fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby as soon as conveniently mav be, and in the mean time guard the Place where any Ground shall be opened, in such manner as to prevent Accidents to Pa&n*

Sers, Cattle and Carriages and as the said Commissioners or Trustees tail direct: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roach, then, and in every such Case* the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons so offending respectively, shall, on being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Bi. vision or District where the said Offence shall be committed, for* foil and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which laid Penalty, if not forthwith paid, shall be recovered by Distrest ani Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Preprit* tors, or such other Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalty or Forfeiture, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are dedusted, shall be paid upon Demand to the Person or Persons giving Information thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, That if the said Body Corporate Ball contract with any such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parish or Place, or Part of any Parish or Place, and shall not duly perform such Contract, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees to determine such Contract, giving Six Months Notice thereof; and then, and in such Ctfe, and also at the Expiration of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for (he laid ComnulBoners or Trustees cither to purchase the Pipes

AJ}«lE f»

56° GEO; III..C\ clxIIL 4C1

Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes, and other Materials -belonging to

fcfee laid Body Corporate, and employed in lighting such Parish or

9&ce, or Part of a Parish or Place, at a reasonable Price to be

ffbttled by Two Persons, one to be named by the said Commissionera

«r Tniftees, and the other by the said Body Corporate 5 and in

ttfe such Persons shall differ, by a Third Person to be named by - "

6cH Two Persons as an Umpire between them, One Month at the

fcaft previous to the Expiration of the Term of such Contract, or

Co the Expiration of such Six Months Notice for determining such

Contra A, or to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other

Materials, at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination

thereof by such Notice, and in the mean time to permit such

Commissioners or Tniftees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches,

«ad other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parish or Place, or Part of a Parish or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contract.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That No Pipes of Con^ do Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any iron, leaden or other munieation to Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Body Corporate, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, without the

Con Cent of the said Body Corporate, or the Person or Persons sup-pljring Lights by such Pipes, first had and obtained, on pain of for- Peoahj. letting the Sum of Fifty rounds, and also the further Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for evetr Day such Pipe shall so remain, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place,

Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall Dot be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Imprisonment. Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or District, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Dsmqpng wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure b. any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, or other Matter or Thing, actually in use during the Existence of any Contract with any Parish

or Parishes, for the Purpose of fulfilling such Contract, every Person £0 offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or wore Justice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit Penalty, and pay to the aforesaid Body Corporate and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid. Double the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath, to be done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

6

Appeal.

Proviso for Rights ol Parlor.* to light

Rublick Ad.

C. dxJK*

6 CEO. IB*

duch Offender, retufruing the Overplus (if day) or fudi OteritfAaH and may be committed to the common Gaol of the said County, -City, Town, Place, Division or District, for any time not exceeding Three Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before -whom such Offender shall be committed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to airy Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may within tiix Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment mr Detcrrai-nation shall have been made or given, (first giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or iWons aramft whom fudi Complaint is intended to be made) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessionb to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal ffiail arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter-Seiions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing ttiereof to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to bd made to the Party injured as they Audi judge readable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wehminster or elsewherej any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ns* thing in this Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving say Penan or Persons of any Right which he or they at present possess, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houses with Gas Lights, or in m other manner: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained fall extend, or he construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Cota-missioners or Tru flees for lighting or paving, or of the Comnuffiooen of Sewers, or the New River Company, or any other Company efts-'blWhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parifoes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within such Parities or Places: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or he construed to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding against the said Company, or agaiat any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in refoed of any Wofhi of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a publick or print* Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the hud Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury falsified by reafoo of any such Works or Method of lighting, whether such injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or want of Skill of the Persons employed therm.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act* and foal] be

judicially

A.D. 1 ft* o* ji° GEO. IlL* C. clxili, cliift

judicially taken Notice ef as such by all Judges and Justices and odiert) without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ctxiv.

An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Cursitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service or from Age or Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court; and M making other Payments in respect of the said Offices.

[9th June 1S10.]

WHEREAS the due Execution of the Office of Examiner of 4 W the High Court of Chancery, by Persons qualified and competent to discharge the important Duties of the said Office, is of the utmoffi Consequence to the Administration of Justice, and the Interest of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas the said Office hath heretofore been and is now held for Life; and Doubts

are entertained whether there is any where competent Authority to remove the Person or Persons who now or hereafter may hold

the said Office, if at any time by reason of Sickness, Infirmity, or

other Cause, he or they should be unable or incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas Henry Flit croft Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office, is now and

hath for a considerable time been a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, and wholly incompetent to the Discharge of the Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Persons who have discharged the Duties of the said Office, have frequently been engaged in other Employments and Pursuits, whereby Delays, Hindrancee and Impediments, and other Inconveniences have been occasioned to the Suitors of the said Court, in the Prosecution of their

Suits therein: And whereas it would be expedient that in future

the Business of the said Office should be executed by the Persons holding the same in their own Persons, and that they should be expressly prohibited from acting as Counsel, Solicitors, Attornies,

Clerks in Court or Draftsmen, or as Agents or Clerks to any Person acting in any of those Capacities, or in any other Respect 1 or Capacity in any way conne&ed with the said Court of Chancery, or any Suit or Matter depending the rein, or before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or the said Court of Chancery; and that the Bullness of the said Office should, as near as may be, be equally divided and go in rotation amongst the Persons holding the said Office; and that Witnesses on different Sides of the lame Cause should be

examined by different Examiners; and it is reasonable that Compensation should be made to such of the present Examiners and Deputy Examiners as chuse to decline to continue their Service in the said Office, upon the Conditions and under the Reilrictions hereby intended to be imposed upon them: And whereas the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office are (regard being had to the great Increase in the Necessaries of Life and the Expence of Living) 4 not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble and Importance of their

Jfi4 C. chart so° GEO. EL A.D. 1810.

Offices and to their Servites $ and it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court, that adequate Provision should be made

for the Persons who shall be appointed to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Business of the Examiner's 4 Office of the said Court of Chancery, and also of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag, is carried on in one

and the same Building, in the Rolls Yard in the Liberty of the

Rolls, in the County of Middlesex, and the same is out of Repair, and insufficient for the necessary Accommodation of Witnesses whilst under Examination in the said Court, and for the Purposes of the said Office of Examiner and the other Offices there carried on:

And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said

Court, that proper Provision should from time to time be made for

such of the Examiners of the said Court and their Clerks as from Age or Infirmity are or shall, in the Judgment of the said Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their respective Offices; and also that Provision should be made for putting the said Offices

into proper and substantial Repair, or for rebuilding the same if

necessary, and for other Payments and Expences incident to the said Office; and that such other Regulations should be made respecting the said Office, as are herein after mentioned and contained:

And whereas the Freehold of the said Premises or Part thereof is

now vested in the principal Examiners of t'ie said Court, and in the.4 Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their respective Lives, and during

their Continuance in Office, for the Purposes of the said Office 5 4 and it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court

that the Freehold of the said Premises should in future be vetted in

the Matter of the Rolls and his Successors, for the Purposes of the said Offices of the said Court of Chancery, and that proper Compensation should be made to the said Principal Examiners and to the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their several Interests in the said Premises respectively 2 And whereas there appertains to

the said Court of Chancery certain other Officers, called the Ulher

and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery, who, among

other Duties of their said Offices, have been required to furnish the said Court with Stationary and other Articles requisite and

necessary for the Use of the said Court, and have been and are

allowed to charge for the same a tier Centage thereon, over and

above the Colt of the Articles so furnished, as Part of their Re-

muneration for undertaking and discharging their said Offices; and the same is an improper Mode of remunerating the said Officers,

and is open to great and continual Abuse, and ought to be discon-

tinned for the future, and that the said Officers should be remu-

lierated in same other more fit and proper Manner: And whereas there also appertains to the said Court of Chancery certain other Officers called the Cursitors, who traufad the Bufiucfs of their said Office, and keep the Records of their said Office, in the First Floor of a certain Building, situate in Chancery Lane> many Years held, and now holdcu by the said Officers as Tenants at Will thereof, under a private Individual: And whereas the said Records are of considerable Importance, and by being kept in an Office so circum(laneed, are exposed to greater Ri(k than accords with the Importance of the said Records; and it is expedient that the same should be deposited and kept in some more fate and secure Place, and that

AJJ.iSto.

C. clxir.

50° GEO. III.

4<Sj

a permanent Repository be provided for the same, and a proper Place be provided for transading the Business of the said Offices And whereas the Proceedings of the said Court of Chancery have of late been frequently interrupted by various Persons improperly intruding themselves into the said Court, and there are not any, or however an inefficient Number of Persons in Attendance on the said Court, to prevent such Intrusion and Interruption, and it ia expedient that the same should be prevented in future: And whereat by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High tsG. a. c. 43. Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors, Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interef towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Pub-licit Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Tattle Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Smtors of the High Court of Chancery; and out of the Dividends and interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salarie»y and the several other Payments thereby directed to be made and to be paid, and also the Several other Payments directed to be made in and by the Two several Acts of the Forty iizth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them intituled.

An Act for making Provipon for such Mcflers in Ordinary of the 46G. 3. c. its* High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be dsfirous of rejigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court, and the other of such Ada intituled, An Act to provide 46 G. a. c. Wlv additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the fata Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respeS of the said Office; and by the Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for mak- 49 G. I. c. Ida. ing Provision for such of the Sub Registrars or Deputy Registrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Irfirmity shall be affliSed with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the Clerks in toe Regfier*s Office, for the Majter of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respeS of the said Offices; have jo G'O. Ill, Hk 4 been

A certain Part of Cash belonging to Suitors placed ut at luterest*

Freehold of

£xatainer*$ Office vested in the Mailer of the Rolls for the tine being.

been from time to trine made and paid, and the Surplus Lntmft

and annual Produce arising from the said Securities* bevoad what

was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said federal Acts, tadaifo the Interest produced from the Securities pure ha fed with fich Surplus Interest; and annual Produce, bare been from time to time,

in pursuance of the said first mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Couit, and placed to the Credit

of an Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with S*r* 4 plus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Modus placed out for tbs Benefit and better Security of tbs Suitors of the Hifk Court of Chancery: And whereas from many Years Experience it hath been found that there always hath been and there now is s 4 very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said

Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank

beyond the Demands of the Suitors, and it will be of Benefit to

the Suitors of the said Court that a further Sum of Money, Part of the Money lying dead and unemployed as aforesaid, should be placed out at Interest on Government or Parliamentary Securities,

and the Interest thereof, or so much thereof as shall be necestart,

applied for the Purposes herein after mentionedTherefore be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Cash-belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery which now lies or which shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank, of England % a Sum oot exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Porpefc, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in Pareels, in the Ntne of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by fiuch Orders shall be directed, to the intent that the Interest and annual Produce arising* from the Money fb to be placed out may be applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when purchased shall be carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Freehold of the Prmifet in the Rolls Yard, Chancery Lanex in the Liberty of the Rolls aforr-said, where the Business of the said Office of Examiners* and aUo of the Offices of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag is now carried on, with its Rights, Members, and Appurte^ nances, and all other Premises, if any, which shall hereafter be par* chafed for the Purposes of the said Offices, together with all Biddings now or hereafter to be erected thereon, shall, from and after the patting of this Act, or the Purchase of such Premises, if any, be and the same are hereby vested in the Mailer of the Rolls, to bold to him and his Successors for the time being for the Use and for the Purposes of the said Offices, and subject to such Rules and Reguli-tions, respecting the Use and Occupation thereof and of the Room and Chambers thereunto belonging Or therewith occupied, as the

A.D. 18iOt J6* GEO. III. clxiv. 4

Court of Chancery shall from time to time order and direct, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Di* Expenrw of, vidends arising from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act rcjmjlcin^g, &c# passed in the Thirty fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, j"'

and the several Acts therein mentioned, and to be purchased in pur- *strance of this A A and carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suit ore of the High Court of Chancery, and also out of the filtered and Divi* dends of Securities purchased and to be purchased with Surplus ln» terect, in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, or in purfu* ance of this Act, and carried to the said Account, intitidea, Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Secu rities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and belter Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, there shall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chan* eery, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by the said several Acts passed in the Thirty second, Forty sixth and Forty uinth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Acts therein mentioned, or any of them, directed or authorized to be paid out of the said Interest and Dividenck) such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not ex* cceding the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the said Court in providing proper Places for transacting the Business of the aforesaid Offices, while the Premises now used for such Purposes shall by reason of the rebuilding, repairing of enlarging thereof be unfit for the Business of the said Offices to be transacted therein, and in erecting, building and completing proper and convenient Offices whereiu the Business of the said Examiners*

Cursitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag Offices, may respectively be permanently transacted, and the Records of their fereral Offices securely preserved; and in purchasing such Ground and Buildings thereon as shall be necessary or convenient for thofo Purposes, and in fitting up the said Offices with proper Repofitoriea for the Records, Papers, Presses, Defies, and other Necessaries for the said several Offices 5 and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either Yearly or in Gross, a9 shall be necessary for keeping the same Offices and Repositories in Repair, and for insuring and keeping alt the said Offices and Repositories^ insured from Lofa or Dam ago by Fire, at such Insurance Office or Offices, and in such manner and, in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the (kid Court shall from time to time order and direct'.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Ground and Houses Ground* pir-which (if any) shall be purchased for the Purposes afo^said, shall clufwl lor L fcof be conveyed to and vested in the Mailer of the Rolls to hold to him °(*-ulx*

and his Successors (Mailers of the Rplls) for ever, in Trull for the

Purposes in this Act mentioned, and that the same, together with all Roiu. Buildings now or hereafter to be erected and built thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Mailer of the Rolls, and his Successors iff the said Office for the time being for ever, in trull

II ha to

468

Buildings pnr-chaltd or ereAtd not to be converted into Residenees, Stc.

Pewer to remove Officers.

fovtr to remove Mr. Flitcroft.

Power to appoint additional Norn ber of Examiners*

Other Examiners provided in case the i>re4Vnt Officer* rc % u.

C. clxfa* GEO. III.

to and for the Purposes in this Act mentioned} and for no other Ufa or Puroofe whatsoever.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Buildings by this Act authorized to be purchased, erected or built, or any Chamber or Room, Chambers or Rooms therein, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be used, occupied as, or converted to the Residenoe of any Individual or Individuals, Person or Persons, on any Pretence or Pretext whatsoever, but the same and all and every Chamber and Chambers, Room and Rooms therein, and every Part and Parts thereof, shall be used for the publick Purpose and Purposes by this Act directed in respect of the lame, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to remove any Person or Persons holding or who hrt-easter shall hold the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery, or of Clerk of such Examiner, from his or their said Office, when by reason of permanent Sickness, Infirmity or other Cause, he or they shall be unable or incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Henry Flitcroft Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office of Examiner, be, and he is hereby removed from nis said Office, he the said Henry Flitcroft being a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, and wholly in* competent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any time hereafter appear to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and to the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, that the Business to be done in the Office of the Examiners of the High Court of Chancery shall at any time hereafter increase so that the same cannot be transacted and done by the Two Examiners of the said Court, with that Facility which the Convenience of the Suitors of the said Court may require, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to make an Order or Oraers that other and not exceeding Two more Examiners and Two more Clerks of such Examiners shall be provided, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being shall ana he is hereby authorized and required, upon such Order or Orders being made, to appoint some fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be such Examiner or Examiners, and some other fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be such Clerk or Clerks, who shall, upon their several Appointments, be respectively entitled to take and have such Fees and Salary as to the Examiner and Clerk of an Examiner of the said Court of Chancery does or shall of right appertain or be-long, or be authorized to be directed to be paid by this ffmfent Ad.

DC. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies which 4r*H hereafter occur in the Office of Examiner, shall hereafter be filled up and appointed to in' such and the same manner as the same have heretofore been; and that every future Examiner and Examiners shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he or tbtf ad in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe

A.D. 18ro. 50° GEO. III. C. clxiv. 469

in open Court the ufnal Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also an Oath to the Purport and Effect following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will, according to the best of my Oath.

Skill and Knowledge, truly and faithfully exercfe and occupy

the Office of one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, whereunto I am now admitted, and truly, faithfully,

1 and without Partiality to any or either of the Parties in the respective Causes take the Examinations and Depoiltions of all and every Witness and Witnesses produced before and examined by < me upon the Interrogatories filed with me, and that I will be at-

tending as well to further the King's Business as the same Causes

from time to time as Occasion shall require; and that I will not

publish, disclose or make known to any Person or Persons whatso-

ever (except to the sworn Clerk appointed to copy the lame)

the Particulars, Purport or Contents of all or any of the Depo*

fitions of the Witnesses or any of them to be taken by me, until

Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass.

So help me GOD.*

And every future Clerk and Clerks to be appointed by virtue of this Oath of G>pytog A&9 shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he Ckfh* or they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe before the Examiner by whom they shall respectively be appointed, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, the usual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also the following Oath

I C.D. do swear. That according to the best of my Skill and

Knowledge I will truly and faithfully execute and rxercife the

Office of a Crfpying Clerk in the Office of A.B. one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery whereunto I am admitted so long as I shall continue in the said Office, and that I 4 will be ready and attendant in the said Office to further His Majesty's Business as need shall require; and that will also well

and faithfully preserve and keep such of the King's Records

wherewith I shall be entrusted or whereunto I (bail have Access,

and that I will not publish, disclose or make known to any Person or Persons whatsoever the Particulars, Purport or Contents of any Deposition or Depositions taken in the said Office until

Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass.

So help me GOD.'

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Examiners and Clerks Officer* to attend shall in their own proper Persons attend in the Office to be provided iheirDuty ia for them during all such time, and during such Hours in each and Person. every Day, as the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Master of the Rolls for the time being, shall dirr& and appoint, and ia their own proper Persons diligently, faithfully and attentively employ themselves iu dispatching and transacting the Business of their respective Offices; and that the said Examinera or any of them shall not examine any Person or Persons at or in any other Place or Places other than at and within the Office to be provided as herein after mentioned, without the special Order of the said Court of Chancery for that Purpose tirft had and obtained, except during the Vacations, when they shall not be required by the Lord

H h 3 High

41

C.clxiv.

5o?

GEO. III.

A.D. 18i*

Buflftcfs of Examiners equally dit ulod.

Fees and Emoluments afeer-uiued.

[Penalty.]

F«Aver to appoint trnqjorary Exa-Dunen.

High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, to be daily attending ia their said Office; and that such Examiners or Clerks, or any of them, shall not at any time during their Continuance in the said Office aft as Coitnfei, Solicitors, Attornies, or as Clerks in Court or Draftf-men either at Law or in Equity, or as Agents or Clerks to any Person or Persons acting in any or either of those Capacities, or in any other respect or Capacity in any ways connected with the said Court of Chancery, in any Suit or Matter depending the rein, or before the said Court save and except under Commissions from the said Court, during the time the said Court of Chancery shall not be actually Jilting; ); but shall devote themselves respectively wholly and entirely to the Business of their respective Offices, without accepting or taking any other Business or Employment whatsoever, which shall or may in any manner interfere therewith; and that the said Examiners and their Successors in the said Office shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July next, be entitled to the Fees for the Business done by them in their said Office respectively, and each of the said sworn Clerks and their Successora shall have and be entitled to receive such Fees as shall be ascertained and settled by the said Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Directions for that Purpose herein after contained.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July next, the Business of the said Office shall be equally divided, as nearly as may be, between and among the said Examiners, and that the Witnesses on different Sides of tnc same Cause shall (if the same be practicable) be examined by different Examiners, in such manner and under and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Court shall think fit to order respecting the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and they are hereby required from time to time as they shall see Occasion to examine into, ascertain and settle the Periods and Hours of Attendance of the said Examiners and their Clerks at and in the Offices herein provided for them; and also the Duties of the said Examiners and Clerks, and also the Distribution of the Business of the said Offices, and also the Fees and Emoluments which the said Examiners and their Clerks shall have and be entitled to receive from the Suitors of the said Court for the Business done by them respectively in or about the Execution of their said Offices, and to ordain a Table of such Fees, which shall be made an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, and Copies thereof shall be affixed and set up in the Examiner's Office, Six Clerks' Office and Register's Office of the said Court, and if any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner shall have, take or receive any Fees, Gratuities or Emoluments whatsoever from the Suitors of the said Court, not warranted or allowed by the said Order, such Examiner or Clerk so offending, shall be liable to be removed from his said Office by the Court, and be incapable of ever thereafter holding aDy Office in or under the said Court.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Examiners or sworn Clerks for the time being, shall be amifted with any temporary Illness or Infirmity which shall be likely for a short time to prevent them from discharging the Duty of their Offices

A.D. 18ia.

47*

50° GEO. III. C. dxk

Offices vefpe^tfvely, and the same shall be made to appear to the SaUftfo&ion of the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and that the Bulinefc of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery shall be delayed dr prejudiced by the Absence of any such Examiners or Clerks during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity; it shall and may be lawful for the said Examiners or Clerks nespectively, with the Approbation of the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, to appoint Some fit and proper Person to officiate for such Examiner or clerk for any Space of time during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity not exceeding Three Months, and such Person first taking the Oath appointed to be taken by an Examiner or Clerk, the Oath herein above prescribed to be taken, according as they ffiaU be deputed to ail as bq Examiner or Ckrrk respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to appoint for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain* Lord Keeper or Persons to keep Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great ^er , n Britain, to appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Four, to lirt* attend upon the said Court of Chancery wheresoever and at all times whensoever the fifed Court shall be fitting, and that the said Persons so

U> be appointed shall be removeable at the Will and Pleasure of the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, and (hull, whitft they continue to be so appointed, diligently attend from the opening of the said Court during the whole time of the Sitting of the said Court, for the

Purpose of pnefcrving Order among the Persons present in the said Court, and to preventinfane and other disorderly Persons from intruding themselves into the said Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Payment of Dividends of the fold Government or Parliamentary Securities pur- Salaries, he. chafed and to be ptirchafed asafonefiud, tlvere shall be paid (but sub-

je& as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of QiUier in every Year, such yearly Sums as after mentioned to the foveral Persons after mentioned; that is to say, to the Committee of the Estate of Henry Flitcroft Esquire, a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, one of the Principal Examiners of the said Court, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, for and during the Term of his natural Life, as a Compensation for depriving him of his said Office of Principal Examiner; to Jame* Dancer Gentleman, who has been Thirty five Years and upwards one of the Deputy Examiners of the said Court, by reason of the Length of his Services and on account of his great Age and Infirmities, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds for his Life 5 and to John Smith, John Nurjey Dancer and John Alexander Berrey*

Gentlemen, the Three other Deputy Examiners, respectively, or to such of them as shall decline to continue in the said Office upon the Terms herein prescribed, or as shall r.ot be continued to be employed in the said Office, as a Compensation for depriving them of their said'

Office, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds each, for their respective Lives 3 and % o each of the Examiners of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to each of the Persons to be appointed to keep Order among the Per-foiu attending the said Court, and to prevent the It&rufien of dif-H h 4 .* orderly

47*

C: cljtir,

A.D. 181«.

Allowance to Ufhtr and Court Ke*j>cr.

Reciting

Mode of fur>-p Ivins: t he C)ourt and Offices of Chancery with parchment and Stationary.

50° GEO. III.

orde>ly Persons therein, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds; and to the U (her of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to the Court Keeper of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Ninety Pounds; and to each of the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for and during the Term of their re(p<^tive Lives or Continuance in the said Office, the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds each, as a Compensation and in lieu of the Kent which such Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag have hitherto received for such Part of the aforesaid Premises as have been hitherto occupied by the Clerk of the Crown, and also a proportionable Part of such quarterly Payments as shall accrue due between the lad quarterly Payment thereof and the time of the Death or other Removal of such Examiner, Clerk or Officer of the Court; such Payments to the Uiher and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction to them respectively for any Profit or Advantage they, from and after the said Fitth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, may derive from Boding and supplying the said Court and Officers thereunto belonging, with Parchment, Stationary and Necessaries supplied by them respectivelyfcr the Use of the Court; the Fird quarterly Payment of the several Sums aforesaid to the several Persons aforesaid, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Intered and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, there shall also be paid (but subject as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, at such time or times as shall be mentioned and specified in such Orders respectively, to the Ufherand Court Keeper of the said Court respectively, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Court of Chancery shall nnd to have been really and Uz side paid, laid out or expended by the Uiher or Court Keeper of the said Court, or either of them, in the Purchase of Parchment, Stationary and other nCcefiary Articles found and supplied by them, or either of them, for the Use of the said Court and of the Officers thereunto belonging.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and he and they i6 and are hereby respectively authorized from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall see Occasion, to order and direct that such Parchment, Stationary and other Necessaries shall be supplied by any Person or Persons other than such Usher or Court Keeper, or either of them, and to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Supply and furnishing of the same as to him or them shall from time to time seem meet; and that upon Proof being made before and to the Satisfaction of One of the Mailers of the said Court by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the said Mailer is hereby authorized and required to administer), and such other Evidence as the Occasion may require, that the Articles so supplied and furaished were necessary and proper to be furnished and supplied, and that the Sums respectively charged for the same are respectively the fair Market Price for the same, to order and direCi that out of the interest and Dividends of the said Government

3

A.D. 1810.

C. clxir,

473

jo° GEO. ni*

or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be pm-chafed as aforesaid, there shall also be paid* but subject as aforesaid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, to such Person or Persons and at such time and times as shall be respectively mentioned in such Orders, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found by the said Mailer to have been properly charged for such Supply as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Salary for Super* ful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord nnuai«l£xa-"Keeper or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal awi

of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time on a Petition presented to Jiim or them for that Purpose by any of the said Examiners or their Clerks, who shall have acted in the Capacity of Examiner or Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Thirty Years, or in case any of the Examiners of the said Court or their sworn Clerks for the time being shall happen to be afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office; then, and in either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being respectively, to remove from the Office of Examiner of the said Court, or Clerk to such Examiner, any of the Examiners of the said Court or their Clerks who shall have been Thirty Years in the said Office, or who shall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, be so affiidled 5 and then, and in either of the above Cases, by an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time when Occasion shall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to any Examiner or Examiners, and not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any sworn Clerk or Clerks to any Examiner, to be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased or to be purchased as hereinbefore mentioned, to any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner who shall be removed from the Office of Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner for such Causes as aforesaid, or any of them; in which Order or Orders the Cattfe or Ground of making the same shall be distinctly dated and specified, and the said Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to such Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner, from the Period when he shall have so resigned or be so removed from his said Office or Employment for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of his Decease; and in the room of such Examiner or Clerk of such Examiner so removed or incapacitated, some other able and sufficient Person shall be appointed to be Examiner, or Clerk to such Examiner, in the manner prescribed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power for Is.

to capacitated

474

C. clxiv.

A.D. 181*

iVrfoM to fell IJoufcs, See.

Applioatioti Comj>cnfauon Money »rhen hnunmiing to 900l.

5©0 GEO. III.

to and for the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls and the Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inny and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for aft Executors or Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, and also for Tenants for Life of Estates in Settlement if of Age, other than Femes Cdvert, and for the Guardians for such Tenants for Life as may be Infants, and the Husbands of such Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all Infants, I flue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or under any other Disability, and also for all Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Housea, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements or Privileges, which may be convenient for the Soite of or for a Way to the Offices and Repositories to be built in pursuance of this Act, to treat, con trad and agree for the Sale of all and every such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant*, sell and convey the same for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contra&a, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, Settlement, Will, Custom or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof it any wise notwithstanding; and the Matter of the Rolls and the said Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inn, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Hu (ban da. Guardians, Committees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemai-fied for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ptirchafed, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other incapacitated Person or Persone, such Money shall, if the same amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction wd with the Approbation of the (Said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchaseor Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faM Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereof taments Handing settled therewith, to the same or like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so appl^td, then the same shall be laid out and in vetted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trails, Intents and Purposes, and in the Buooe manner as the Hereditaments which shall

id

A.D. 18iV

C. clxiv<

47S

50° GEO. III.

shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at^ the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking JEffed; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made* ti\t laid Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery,

upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant Gene* ral in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confo-, lidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank-Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Protits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any If under sool. Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- and exceeding meats, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- 2°h longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any I)iiabiTity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Tounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing tinder his or their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two or more Trustees, to be nomi-aated by ihe Person or Persons making such Option, (such Nomination to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such If under sot. Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as they shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Wh>re any any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to anjr

Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with lou^}m*

the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuanc* of this Act, to*

for the Purchase of gny Lands, Tenement* or Hereditaments, or of who may

any

C* cljITi

A.D. 1810.

47<S

50° GEO. -Ill#

be in PofiV (Eon shall be entitled thereto.

Court of Chan-wary may order Expence* of Porchmfo to be said by Trustee*.

Expence* of A A provided for.

Surplus Monie* placed out 00 {Securities.

any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in pofltffion of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery 5 and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were, lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament?, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act $ and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court mall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, in the same manrer as the Expences of building the said Offices and Repositories are hereby directed to be paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities pm-chafed and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and to be placed out pursuant to this Act, and which Securities are directed to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such Surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts and the (trend other Acts hereinbefore mentioned, and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised

in

A.D. 1810 % GEO. III. C. clxir, clxv;

in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majtrfty, and intituled, Account oj Securities purchas ad with Surplus Intcrejl arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great JBritain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

XXVlIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same and the Surplus Ioterest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at ail times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Cash belonging Co inch Suitors.

XXIX. Provided always, and be further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform oy Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Person or or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same, and that in case the same or any of them shall at any time hereafter be abolished for which any Salaries or Salary is or are Hereby provided, or for which any Apartments are hereby provided, such Salary shall cease and be nb longer payable, and the Apartments or Offices so provided shall be hereafter used in such manner and for such Purposes as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall direct or appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. clxv.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better sup-pljring the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Boqtlc) in the County Palatine of

Lmcqfler.'- [9th June 1810.]

477

S« G.S. c. 42.

Securities may be changed.

If farther Money wanted, Court of Chancery may call in Securities

Worifo for Reform In QjScea,

[Publick Act.]

39G. a. c.xnri.

A.D. 18to.

22Car.2. c. 16 , pr.

53 G. 3. c. 2*.

G. ). c. 43. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.

43G.3.e.lxxxvii.

42 G. c. kxL

10 G. 3. c. 25.

GEO. III.

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, King Charles the Second, so* far as the same relates to the River Brandon, otherwise the Lesser Ouze, from the White Hou/e near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the said River.

[9th June 1810.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenoek % and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police 5 and for other Purpose6 mentioned in the said Acts.

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for improving the Pori of the Town of Southampton.

[9th June 1810.]

[New Rates.]

Cap. clxix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Passages in the Town of South-a nipt on [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxx.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, which are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrison Esqm're, fttuate in the Parish of Saint Paucras9 in the County of Middlesex*

[9th June i8jo»]

Ca. clxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from AJlfori to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby. (0)

[9th June 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for confining and carrying into Effect an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Cordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrose Cumming Cordon Baronet, deceased; and (or enabling Sir William Cordon Cumming Gordon Baronet, and Charles Lennox Cumming Efauire, and their respective Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their respective Entailed Estates,

' under the Authority and by the Dir^dions of the Court of Session in Scotland. (q. P.)

[9th June i8i0i]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Nfrjllk, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfe*

aid

A.D. 18xo*

C. clxxiii — dxxix

479

50° GEO. III.

and Middisex, for Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of York i and for veiling several Meifoages and Lands, other Part# of the said Duke's Settled Estates in the said Comities of (f ork, Sussex and Middlesex, and in the County of Nottingham, in trust to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. (q. P.)

[9th Juno 181a]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from drencher in the County of Gloucester to Wootton Baffett in the County of Wilts, 3nd a Branch of Road from the Mahnejbttry and Turnpike Road near Crudwell Church to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Crick lade to Midmesbury at or near Minety Common. (b)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Kent, late of Henry Lyell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclosing certain Lands in the County of Cambridge, and for investing the Surplus Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uf?s of the Will and Codkih of the said Henry Lyell, (q.P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Lessees, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to graut building and repairing Leases of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; pursuant to an Agreement entered into for those Purposes. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to graut Leafet of certain Estates at dr near Ryde in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will or the late William Player Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fcune Estates. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. dxxviii.

An Act for discharging the Estate of George Frederick Stratton Esquire, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trusts thereof, and for substituting another Estate in the same County in lieu thereof, (q. P.)

[9th June 18.0.]

r

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents or Annual Sums, devised by the Will ot Robert Scott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[9th June 18 io.]

A.D. 18I*

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for vesting certain E Rates in the Counties of Staff rd, Salop* Chester and Buckingham % late of the Reverend Richard Levett* Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinster, in Trustees, upon trust to sell the same 5 and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.)

[9th June 1S10.3

Cap. dxxxi.

An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain settled Estates of David Ross Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Down in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England, (q. P.)

[9th June l8l&3

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for effectuating a Partition directed by the Court of Chan* eery of certain Estates situate in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Wills of John Blewitt Esquire, and Francet Fetti-pl*ce % deceased. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees of ttemsry Smith Esquire, deceased, and Henry Woodgate Esquire, of Estatew in the County of Kent. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. dxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Longst*ne9 Little Longstone and Wardk<w % in the County of Derby. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §12, 13.

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wringtont Tattorn and Kerin, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.)

[9th June 18 JO.3

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion Ifcoed, in the County of Montgomery (q. P.)

[9th June 1840.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 26.

isC.

as to Sixpenny Found Rate, ami Watch Groat repeal'd.

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Act for more effrdually cleansing, lighting and atebing the Borough and Town of Waymouth ana Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset, and removing Incroachments and Annoyance* therein; for licensing and regulating Chairmen and other Persona plying for Hire; for establishing Markets; and for giving further Powers to the Quay Matter of the Harbour of the said Town.

[15th Jutu 1810.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

43 G. 9. c.slvii. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His grefeut Maje^y, for prevent ng the Right of rre-

feutation

<A.D. 1SiOi

C. clxxxviii — cxcm

50° GEO. III.

481

fentation to the ReAory and Parish of Stmonbum, in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the 45 G. 3. c.xL Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein, and of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, 47 G. 3. Sess. l. for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties c*" of Roft and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Ross.

[ 15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of so much of an 4 G. 3. c. 43.

A A, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Satnt John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxci:

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, over and upon 36G. 3. c. i3i. certain Parcels of Land in Saint George's Fields, in the County 47 G. 3. Scff. s. of Surrey; and for repealing so much of Two Acts passed in the c*cxv*

Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, as prevents the ereAing Buildings on certain Parts of the said Parcels of Land, within a limited l>iftance from the Sides of such of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George's Fields aforesaid.

[ 15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in 4oG.3.(I.)c. 3$, Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of 38G.3.(I.)c. 3S. His Majesty, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

[15th June 1810.]

t 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. jo. repealed.

[Till $th Jan. 1821.]

Cap. cxciii;

An Act to incorporate and regulate an Tnftitution, to be called €t The Belfast Academical Institution, " for affording to Youth a Classical and Mercantile Education.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the 39 G.a. c. 23. Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Fortieth Year of 39 & 40 G.a. His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen* Lands, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk fifing between the Hundred Foot Rtver and the Ouse, and bounded onHhe South by the Hard Lands of Mcpoll, Wish am, Wentworth, Wiciford,

50 Geo. III. Ii Ely,

C. cxcur-+<8,

j* GEO. III.

£ly % Dovmham and Littkport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, called Invested Lands.

[15 th «/*»*

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for vesting a certain Plot of Land on Wandon otherwise Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the same and certain Estates of the said Duke with a perpetual Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Wandon otherwise Wavendon in the said County, in Manner and upon the Trusts therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[15th June

Cap. cxcvi.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates at EUhssm, is the Couaty of Kent, of the Right Honourable George Augufims Henry Amt Lord Ranclffi, in Trustees upon Trull, to sell the same, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leases of the same, for the Purpose of building j and to lay out the Monies arising by fu<?h Sales in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

£i5th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for exchanging the entailed Ettate of the Right Honorable Amabel I Baroness Lucas, in the County of Wilts, for other Estates of the said Baroness Lucas» the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Grantham, and the Right Honourable Thomas

Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement of the said Estates in the Counties of EJJeu and Suffolk. (q. P.)

[i$th June

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for vesting the Lease of the Governors of Bethkm Hospital in the Scite of the Hospital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was granted; and for authorizing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint Georges Fields, in lieu thereof, to Trustees for the Governors of the said Hospital for the like Term, for the Purpose of erecting a new Hospital thereon on an enlarged Scale, (q. P.)

[15th ^unt iSiO.J

Cap. cxcir.

An hSt for empowering the surviving Trustees under the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the deviled Estates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thencearifing in the Purchase of Estates, te be settled to the fubfitting Ufeaof the same Wilk (q.

gijth June i9k&]

Cap. cc.

An Act for enabling Georgs Byfig Esquhr^ and other*

A.l).i8id.' 50° GEO. III. C. cc — ccvii. 4*3

Budding Leases of certain Lands and -Premises, situate in the IJlc of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.)

[15th Juris i3l0.3

Cap. cci.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Slapton, In the County of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Horton, lying in the same Parish, and in the several Parishes of Ivinghoe, Eddlesborough and Pigbtlejlhorne, in the same County, (q. P.)

[15th June iStO.]

u Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §27 — 32.

Cap. ccii.

An Act for inclosing Whitchurch Common, and other Waste Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)

[15th June 1810.]

w Allotment and Compensation for Tithe^ Modus, &c. §18 — 20.

Cap. cciiL

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One 46G.3.c^mfii. thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effect.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cciv.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two isG.s.c». Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His pre-7 0*3.«. sent Majesty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames West ward of London B ridge, within the Liberties of the City of London 5 and for the further Improvement of the said Navigation.

[20th June 1810.] [Tolls of 17 G. 3. c. 18. repealed, and new Tolls granted."]

Cap. ccv.

An Act to explain an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present7 Majesty, for th* more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, so far as relates to the lighting of Rut-

land Square in the said City.

[20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for establishing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wif-bechy in the Isle of Ely 5 for taking down and removing the Shambles therein; for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the said Town, and removing Nuisances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wisbech 5 and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto.

[20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for maintaining and improvinjg the Docks and Warehouses, called the Commercial Dochsy and for making and maintaining

1 i 2 other

4*4

C. ccvii.

A.D. 181O1

Joint Stock Company to be called the Commercial Dock Company.

50° GEO. III.

other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in

the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS, for the dill greater Accommodation and SecuVV rity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, it is expedient that other good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with Timber Ponds, proper Cuts, Sluices and Outlets, should be made and established within the Port of London, with Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and

Discharge of Ships laden with Timber, Wood, and other Mer-

chandize, as herein after mentioned: And whereas the several Persons herein after named, have subscribed a certain Sum as a Joint Stock or Fund, and have purchasedand improved a Wet Dock, long known as Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premisei adjoining, for the Purposes aforesaid; and for carrying into Execution and completing the several Works, Improvements, Altera- tions and Additions herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Atterfoll, John Atterfoll the Younger, Joseph Atterfoll, William Adam, William Browning, Daniel Brent, John St. Barhet Daniel hell, John Boulcott, Denis de Berdt, Joseph Crew Boulcott, Elizabeth Blacken hagen, John Brant on, Robert B re ret on, Anna Brodie, Peter Barlow, Thomas Brooks, Ann Barlow, James Beloncle, Jane Birkett, William Cook, William Cordell, Richard Carrington, John Crickett, Quintin Dick, John Dearman, Ralph Day, John Evans, John Eykin, Perrott Fenton, William Freme, Robert Forjler, Philip Ibbetson Fenton, John Giilial, Mary Green, George Grote, Joseph Grote, Alexander Glennie, Samuel Gurney, John Gurney, Robert Gath ere ole, John Greenleaf, James Glennie, William Grove, Richard Harford, John Harford, Mary Harford, Charles Richard Harford, Duncan Hunter, Henry Harford, Elizabeth Harford, Thomas Hornca/lle, John Henry Heeker, Richard Harris, Edu ard Harman, Elizabeth Hawkins, James Egbert Hoolboom, William Johnson, George Irvin, Thomas Adolphus Knob-lock, Henry Louch, John Lyon, Lewis Lloyd, Jacob Abraham Levy, Richard Lloyd, William Moir, James Mackenzie, James Maude, E be never May, Robert Humphrey Marten, Daniel Mildred, Jo/efh Moore, Thomas Oom, George Pindar, James Pattison, William Prescott, Sir Charles Price, John Prince, George Ritchie, John Baker Richards, Thomas Ritchie, William Ritchie, William Tooke Robinson, Christopher RicharJfon, Samuel Sharpe, Benjamin Shaw, John Someffet Smith, William Smith, Philip Splidt, J. Stevenson, George Todd, James Thompson, Elizabeth Thomas, Christopher Waltham, John Woodcock and John Woodward, together with all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who now is or are, or shall at any time hereafter, according to the Conditions and Restrictions herein after set forth, be or become a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Docks, Basons or Ponds already made or hereby authorized to be made, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for maintaining and improving the said Docks and Work# already made, and making, completing and maintaining other Docks

end

A.D. 1810.

C. ccvii.

50° GEO. III.

485

and Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and other Works necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with Timber, and other Articles herein after mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be a joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The Commercial JDock Com-pony.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement and Company im-Increase of Accommodation of the Port of London, and facilitating powered to mate the Discharge of Ships and Vessels laden with Timber, Wood, and fonc, 5> l^ous> other Merchandize herein after mentioned, and securing such Car- c'

goes of Timber and Wood from Loss and Pillage, and removing the Interruption occasioned to the Navigation of the River Thames, and the Port of London, by reason of the want of sufficient Accommodation for Timber, out of the said River, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to extend and improve their present Docks and Works, and make such other Basons, Docks, Ponds and Entrances, and Quays and Wharfs adjoining thereto, as may be necessary and convenient for the receiving and discharging and lading of such Ships and Vessels.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Vessels Wen for all Ships and Vessels laden or to be laden with Timber or Wood |Pcclfi€d only, or with Timber or Wood being the principal Part of the

[Proviso.]

Cargo, although the Remainder of such Cargo mould consist of Hemp, Flax, Pitch, Tar, Tallow or Fish, or Ships laden with Fish Oil, Blubber and Whale Fins, or any other Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, usually delivered afloat by River Sufferance, to enter into all and every the said Docks and Basons, and there to discharge or load the Whole or Part only of any such Cargoes, and also for any Ships or Vessels so having discharged in the said Docks, or any of them, to load the Whole or Part only, of the Cargoes of any such Ships or Vessels, on any Outward Voyage; any thing contained in any Act or Act of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no- thing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make any of the said Docks or Wharfs under this Act legal Quays, or to empower the said Company to land or load any such Goods without the Sufferance of the Commissioners of Cuttoma granted for that Purpose; provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any Ships or Vessels to enter into the said Docks or Ponds, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Coippany m*y and for the said Company to raise and contribute among themselves,surd»cr in addition to the Shares already created, or Sums already sub- shwe* no" scribed, and now belonging to the Proprietors of the said Docks and exceeding Premises, a competent Sum of Money for the providing and main- ico, ooooI. taining the Docks and Works already made; and for making and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aquedu&s, Ways, Roads, Bridges,

Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses, and all other Works intended to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums already subscribed for, the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, except as herein after excepted; and the same shall be divided into One thousand three hundred Shares, of One hundred Pounds each, and the said One thousand three hundred Shares shall bc# and are hereby vested in the several Persons who have subscribed,

Ii3 ir

Money to he r»i(>4 and airway raised to "form one Joint Capital block

PrHVnt Subic Y^rs intitled

V, i'!>'<:; 'C for cqiu: [Number of new biiarcs.

Joint Stoolc to be Personal Estate.

Proprietor* not liable for more than Share*.

Pire&ow to auk* CaJ*.

C ccyiL 5P5 GEG. IIL A.B.iftia.

or who shall subscribe for the same, and their several and respectivt Jlxecutors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons and their several and respecti?* Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who are already possessed of, or who shall fererally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in liet) thereof, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribth tion of an equal proportionable Part, according to thp Number of Shares already possessed, or to be possessed by him or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the Profits and Adnui-tages which shall or may arise and accrue to the said Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be received by the said Company, by the Authority of this Act, or otherwise, in respect of or for the life of Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs, or other Premises belonging tip the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised under this Act, upon One thousand three hundred Shares, and the Shares already created being One thousand three hundred, at One hundred Pounds each, and making in the whole Two thousand six hundred Shares, at One hundred Pounds each, shall make qne Joint Capital Stock of the said Company.

VI. Provided always, nevertheless. That all or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, at the time of the creating or making the One thousand three hundred Shares hereby authorized to be subscribed for, shall be possessed of any of the Sham already subscribed for, shall be entitled, if they so please, ta subscribe for any Number of the said One thousand three hundred new Shares, not exceeding the Number of old Shares of which he or they shall then be possessea.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sham and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Persons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and distributable u such, and not in any respect of the Nature of Real Property.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, Bodies Poli-

tick or Corporate, who is, arc, or shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, or Contributors thereto, or his, her or their Real or Personal Eftaprf shall be charged with, or liable to any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company } any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. '

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Director$ elected or to be elected, for managing the Concerns of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from time to time to call for, audit and settle, without Prejudice however to such final or further Audit as the Proprietors of the said Company may dirccfc or authorize to be made, au Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed for the EurpoJe of this Act, or the said Docks and Pregufcs, and

to

<?. cctS,

4*7

jo° GEO. III.

to mike such Call or Call# of Money from the present or any future Proprietors or Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators und Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Interests, Shares and Subscriptions already belonging to or subscribed for by, or hereafter to belong to or oe /ubfcrilfed for by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Docks and Woijts already made, or hereafter to be made, as by them the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time be deemed necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, and so as no Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at the lead from the preceding Call, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Personi, und in such manner as the said Dtre&ors shall from time to time appoint or direct, for the Use of the said Docks and Premises, and the Owner or Owners of the Joint Stotk thereof shall pay his, her or their Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall negleffc or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Di-reffcors, then the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five rounas for every Share of his, her or their respective Subscription or Stock, or Part and Iaterest therein; and in every such Case the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to fuc for and recover, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (as the case may require), every or toy such Part or Share, or any rart thereof, so neglected or relafed to be paid, as dlfo the said Penalty of Five Pounds; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse to

say his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share or arts or Shares of the said Money to he called for as aforesaid, far the Space of Two Calendar Months after the?time, or any of the fl*-spe&tve times appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the same may be sued for and recovered by tile said Dock Company as lad hereinbefore is mentioned, or otherwise Ot the Option of the said Directors, or of any Five or more of theih;sche Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting to pay the same, shall forfeit all his, her or their respective Stock or Parts and Interests in the said Joint Stock and Premises, all which Forfeitures go to and be for the Benefit of the Rest of the Proprietor*, their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the Time Shares of the said Stock), in proportion to their r£-spective Interests.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock, or any Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing shall have been previously given or left by same Officer of the said Company, to or with the Owner or Owners of such Stock, or left at his, her or their ufuil

I i 4 "or

[Penalty.]

Forfaitui*.

No Forfeiture without oiive.

488

C. ccvii.

A.DdSio*

In case of D th Executor* to pay Calls*

Power to fell Shares.

Form of Transfer or Sale.

r50° GEO. III.

or lad known Place of Abode, nor unless the latne shall be declared

to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Company, to be^ lteld within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Interest as aforesaid, against all and every Action or Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other Agreement, betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the Rest of the Proprietors in respect of all Matters and Things to which he or they were or was liable as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfooa subscribing or holding any Stock of the said Company shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made, for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so already subscribed for or hereafter to be subscribed for, while-he or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to such Stock, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, in Writing, how the Money shall be paid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls, as for the Debts of the Testator or Intestate, but not otherwise; and in case the Executors, Administrators, or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on condition that he, she or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for, first deducing the Penalties that may have been incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of the said Jpint Stock, his, her or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

T B. of in

consideration of paid

to me by of

do hereby bargain, fell, assign sod

transfer to the said^the

Sum of Capital

Stock, of and in the Commercial Dock, being Part (or the Whole, at the Case may be), of my Share in the said Dock, to hold to the said

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders

A.D. 18ro

C. ccviu

4*9

So9 Geo. nr.

Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that held the Came immediately before the Execution hereof: And I, the said do hereby agree to take

and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Considerations. As Witness our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And in every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Seliers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a TobeouonL* proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of luen Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or endorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Solicitor or Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Docks, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Docks.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such After Call «o

Money shall have been made as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall Shwr tobefidl feU or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall pof* u" '

fcfs in the said Docks, on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their respect i'enahy.

live Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, hi Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she or they, at the Time of such Sale and Transfer, shall have paid and discharged the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General or Special Assembly in manner before directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the said Powers of Get* Company, or the major Part of them, in General Court assembled, ral Court*.

shall and may make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye-

Laws, Confutations, Rules and Ordinances, as to them or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall ferm meet and convenient for the better governing, electing, appointing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Company, and the Directors,

Officers, Servants and Persons employed in and about the Affairs of the said Company, and to alter, change, reyoke, repeal or make void the same from time to time, and so often art they or the major Part of them so assembled, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient, provided that such Bye-Laws, Constitutions, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, nor to any thing in this Act contained; but no Order, Bye-Law, Constitution, Rule or Ordinance so made, shall be good and valid without being confirmed at a subsequent General Meeting of the said Company, Ordinary or Extraordinary, to be held as herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it further dracted, That the First General Court of First Cental

the Meeting.

C. eevil.

Annual Gennil

Meeting.

Proprietors may upon Notice havq Special Netting*.

Pi^sent Direc-too.

Quorum of Di-li&ors.

h

To maintain and support L)c»cka alrnutv made, and to make oilier Dock*; {wc.

50° GEO. III.

the said Company shall be held at the House of the said Company, No. 2, in London Street, Fenchureh Street, in the City of London, on the First Friday which shall ensue next after the Expiration of one Week, from and after the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the said Commercial Dock Company shall be held at lead Twice in each and every Year, on the following Days, that is to say, on the Second Friday in January, and the Second Friday in July in each and every Year.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Six or more of the said Company, who shall severally be Proprietors of Ten Shares or upwards of the said Stock, shall judge it necessary or expedient to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company calied, and shall requell the same to be calied, by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Secretary, or any Director of the said Company for the time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the said Directors or any Three or more of them, shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and directed and re? quired to call such Extraordinary Meeting to assemble at such Time and Place within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient, within Ten Days from and after such Notice, and such Meeting shall be deemed a Publick One, and all Proceedings then duly had and confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinaij, shall be deemed as valid and effectual, to all Intents am} Pnrpoks whatsoever, as if the same had been done at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Sir Charles Price Baronet, William Adam, John AttcrfjU, John Saint Barhe, William Brovm ing, Richard Harford, Perrot Fenton, William Freme, George Grete, Thomas Horncastle, Thomas Oom, William Tooke Rohinfon and Thoms Ritchie, shall be and continue Directors of the said Company, until the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, unless such Pireftors or either of them shall die, be rrmoted by the Court of Proprietors, or otherwise, or dispose of his or their Shares in the said Stock, so as to reduce the lame under the Number of Ten, in any of which Caies it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint by Ballot a new, or other Director, in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, being removed, or having disposed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such Director would have been in Offio* and so from time to time as Occasion may require.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That -not left than Five of the said Directors shall be a Quorum, capable of acting, and hereby empowered to act at the ordinary Meetings of the find Directors, and that all Motions and Questious which may be made and put at such Meetings, shall be decided by a Majority of the Directors prefens, and if the Numbers on each Side should happen to be equal, the Chairman of the Meeting shall in every Case give the calling Vote.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be* and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by them&lm, or their Directors, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to maintain and

improt*

CccvKt

A.D. 1810.

s+ 010. iu.

improve the Docks and Works already made, and also to make, complete and maintain one or more additional Dock or Docks, Bafbn or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and Entrance or Entrances, communicating with the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Trinity Street, and also at a certain other Place called Globe Stairs, provided that such lad mentioned Entrance at Globe Stain shall not be made without the Consent of the Lord Mayor, Alder-jgaen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council af-embled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Company to make another Entrance into the River Thames, at any Point between Trinity Street and the Ead or lower Side of the Premises in the Possession of Medieurs Young and Wallis* usually known by the Name of the Lavender Dock, and for that Purpose to cut through such Part of Rotherhithe Street as shall b* necessary for the making such Entrance; and the said Company shall, ia such Case, make a good and sufficient Bridge, and keep the Came in repair, as directed by this Act, and make good all such Parts of the said Street, or any Parts adjoining thereto, as shall be damageefn making such Entrance; provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to take any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Ifereditaments, for the Purposes of making such Entrance, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers ^hereof in Writing first had and obtained.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, ia making these Docks and other Works, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the Line described in the said Map or Plan deported in the QQce of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, ip and the said Schedule, marked (A)hereunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons whose Lands or Pre-mifea shall be wanted for their Purpose; but it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Consent, to purchase any Lands, Tenements qr Hereditaments^ for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, although the same shall not be within the said Line, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the Whole, to be so purchased with such Consent as aforesaid; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empowev the said Company, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, to take qr make use of, for the Purposes of this Act, any Houses, Gardens or Orchards, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof iq Writing, fird had and obtained; save and except the Houses* Buildings, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned apd described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to supply the Docks, Basons, and other Works already made, or hereafter to be made, or any of them, at all times hereafter, with Water from the River Thames, ami all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Rivers, Waters and Water-courses, as shall be found in the digging and making the said Docks or Basons, and other Works respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Itwd/me tk& Sum. of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine or 1 Acknow-

Enabling Company to maka another Entrance into the River Thames.

Hrovish

May take Water from the Thames to fill Docks, &c.

Company to pay City of Londoib a Sum of Money as a Fine for liberty of eat*

49*

ting into the Thau*, &c.

Ty mule Crimes.

Roads and Street* altered.

For making up Deficiency in Rar«i of Parish of Saint Mary fynherhiihe.

C. ccvii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting 3nd digging the Bank and Shore of the River Thames at each of the Entrances to be made by virtue of this Act, and also pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Coile6ton or Assigns, for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for continuing each and every such Entrance after the said Bank and Shore shall be cut and dug for the Purpose t aforesaid; and such annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable by, and may be recovered from she said Company, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Benefit and Convenience of Commerce, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoining, the said Company shall be compellable to make, set up, and maintain, in perpetual Repair, Bridges for the Use and Convenience of the Inhabitants and others, and for Carts, Carriages and Horses, in the Places or Lines following; that is to say, in the Line across the proposed Entrance from the River Thoms into the Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, intended to be made and across the proposed Cut, from the Commercial Docks already made to the said intended Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and they shall be compellable to make, set up and maintain, in perpetual Repair, all such Bridges as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power to alter the Road leading from Plough Bridge to Trinity Street, and also the Streets or Highways following; that is to say, Trinity Street, Queen Street, Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe Street, and Lavender Street; and all other Roads and Ways, if the same shall by them be deemed necessary to all or any of the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that such Alteration shall not vary the Direction of the Road or Street, and shall be approved of by the

Trustees of the said Roads: Provided also, that no Alteration what- j ever be made in the Foot Way leading from Grove Street to RuJfel Street.

XXVII. And whereas, by reason of taking down Houses and making Alterations in pursuance of this A6>, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving,

cleansing, watching, and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates,

within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe % otherwise Redriffe,

in the County of Surrey* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company, from and after the passing of this Act, shall and will, for and during the Term of Three Years, or such other shorter time, within which the said several Works hereby directed to be made or done, by or on behalf of them, shall be completed, be subject and liable to make good to the Came Parish, with and out of the Monies to arise and be received by them the said Company, under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, which during such Term shall be deficient in respect of the Produce of the Assen-ments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, and Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, within the said Parish, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from or occasioned by the making of the said Docks, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, according to the Produce of such several Aficff-11 menu

A.D. 1Jio.

5o° GEO. III.

C.ccrlK

493

mmta and Rates respectively from the Twenty ninth Day of ber Ooethousand eight hundred and eight, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall pay the same accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Taxes and Rate*: Provided always, that when and so soon as after this Act shall be carried into Execution, the Produce or Payments for and in respcffc of the several Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, or any of them, of and for all and singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, as for the time being shall be Handing upon or Part of the Lands, and other Hereditaments in the said Parish, which shall be purchased for making and uling the said Docks, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, shall raise a larger Sum of Money at the same RateOrr round than the Sum raisea by the Assessments from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, to the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, of and for all and Singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, now iifuated in the said Parish, as shall be purchased for the same last mentioned Purposes, that then the Surplus shall, in the first Place, be applied and paid to the said Company, towards re-imbursing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid Deficiencies in the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Popr's Rates respectively, and so from time to time, when and as often as there shall be any Surplus, until the said Company shall be wholly re-imbursed and repaid all Monies which they shall have disbursed to make good such Deficiencies.

XXVIII. And whereas certain Parts of the Ground of several of the Streets and other Passages and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otherwise Redriffc % and described to be within the Limits of the said intended Docks, have been purchased and paved under the Directions of a certain Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing % lighting and watching the Streets, leanest Tardit Courts, Alleys and Passages within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otherwise Reariffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances t herein t 4 at a very considerable Expence, which was defrayed as well by Money borrowed on Life Annuities as at Interest; and if such Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, were taken away and destroyed, the Securities of the said Annuitants and Bond Creditors would be much lessened and weakened; Be it therefore enacted, That for all such Parts of the said Parishes of Saint Mary Rotherhithef otherwise Redrtjfct and Places adjacent thereto, as have been purchased or paved under the Authority of the said Act, and within the Limits proposed for the said Docks, the said Company shall, on their requiring Possession of any such Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages or Places, for the Purposes of the said intended Docks, pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the said lait-mentioned paving Act, the Value as well of all such Ground so purchased by the

Company to make Compcufft* tion tc> Commissionm for cpt'cutioj? the Pavinp Act of laG.a. c. si. for Loss of Ground, &c.

4W

C. mil.

$6* GEO. III.

A.O.1810.

*c.

Swing Bridge^ to be made over Cuts connecting Docks with River Thames.

the said Commissioners for making the said Streets, as also of the Foot Pavement, Stones, Pebble* and other Materials, which Were used by the said Commissioners in and about paving such Streets, Paf* sages or Places as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it may become necessary for the said Dock Company to take up the present Pavement in different Parts of the said Parish of Rotherhithe, in order, by raising the Ground, to form inclined Planes for the Purpose of enabling Carts, Carriages

and Passengers, to pass over the Sluices or Cuts proposed to be

made, to conned the said intended Docks with the River Thames Company to Be it therefore enacted, That in case the said Dock Company shall at repave Streets, any time or times after the passing of this Act take tip any of the takT? of ^>avement'*n Said Parish of Rotherhithe, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, the Vavments, Courts, Alleys and Pastages, where such Pavement shall have been

taken up shall be paved again in a Workmanlike Manner, at the Expence, Costs and Charges of the said Dock Company; and as to the avement which shall be laid by the said Dock Company on the said inclined Planes, or any other newly made Ground, the same shall be kept in Repair by the said Dock Company, at their own Costs and Charges, for the Space of Three Yeare from the time of the making or laying of such Pavement.

XXX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bufi- ness of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Rotherhithe should be interrupted or delayed as little as may be; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Dock Company shall conftrad or make one Swing Bridge over every Cut or Sluice to be made for connecting the said Docks with the River Thanes, and one Platform, Bridge or Footway over each Dockgate, at every such Cut or Sluice, and that either the said Swing Bridge, or One of the said Platform- Bridges, or Footways, shall be kept (hut for the Passage of Carts, Carriages or Passengers, (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to keep open all the said Bridges) and that the inclined Planes leading to the said Swing- Bridges shall not be deeper than at the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Height.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftmed to extend, to alter, lessen or vary the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /in Act for l: tter paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Pojfngcs within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otkerwfe Redriffc, in the County of Surrey.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Bridge or Bridges shall be made, or any Road or Highway shall De cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company shall, and they are hereby required in lieu thereof, at their proper Costs and Charges, to set out, make and properly secure and finish, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees or Surveyors of the Road or Highway, Roads or Highways respectively to be cut ibto, broken up or altered, a good Road or Way, safe, At and convenient for all Persons, Horses and Carriages, to go, pass and repafa over the same, to and from the remaining Parts of the said Road or Highway, Roads or Highways so to be cut into, broken up or altered, proper Drains for carrying off the Water from the same.

Th» Act not to alter the I'owen of

83 G. 3. c. 31.

No Bridge to be made, or Road broken tip, till another Hoed made by the Company.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccvil. 49

XXXIII. Add % e it further enacted, That any and every Road Temporary r Way to be made for the Passage of Travellers, during the time u^e.of building aniy and every Bridge, shall be kept and maintained by the

laid Company in good State and Condition, until any and every such completed. Bridge shall be completely finished, and until the Trustees or Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways respectively, of any Road, Street or Highway to be cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purpose of building such Bridge or Bridges*

shall certify that the said Bridge or Bridges, with the Road or Roads over the same, shall be fate, fit and convenient for the patting and repassing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Bridge to be ManneroTbuIld. brik by virtue of this Act over any of the Publick Roads, under the <ing Management of the said Trustees, shall be built of Stone or Bricks,

with good and found Materials, and that the Roadway over the same shall be of the Width of Twenty fix Feet in the Clear at the lead, and that the Roadways to the Centre of such Bridge shall be made with regular and gradual Ascents of One Foot in the Length of every Thirty Feet, or of such other regular and gradual Ascents as shall be directed or required by the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of any and every Road or Highway on or over which such Bridge or Bridges shall be made or adjoin; and the said Roadways, Paths-or Caulewsys, oa every such Bridge, shall be supported, and the Passage over the same freured and maintained by proper Embankments faced with Stone or Bricks, or by Pods and Rails, and each Side of the Sorface thereof, by and at the Expence of the said Company, and to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; and from and after any such Bridge shall be so creelect, the same, and all and every the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods, Rails, and other Fences thereto belonging, shall, at all times for ever thereafter, be repaired and kept in good State and Condition by and at the Cods ipd Charges of the said Company, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees,

Commissioners or Surveyors aforesaid: Provided nererthelefa, that Prorifo nothing herein contained shall be conftroed to oblige or compel the said Company to maintain and keep m Repair the Surface of the Road over any such Bridge from and after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next following the Day on which the Passage over tie said Bridge and Road shall be certified by the said Trustees, or aay Five of them, to be safe, fit and convenient for the passing and repairing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Com* Oo Negl*9 f»y pany, or their Successors for the time being, shall at any time neglect Company, Beta make or feerne such Way or Passage as aforesaid, before and dur-

ing the building of any such Bridge and Bridges, or to repair, sup- co.nmiffi^era, port and maintain such Bridge and Bridges, and the Piers, Walls, or Surveyon Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods!, Rails or Fences thereof, or any of Hotds and of them, for the Space of Foarteen Days next after Notice requiring Highways, the same, in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees before mentioned, (Kali be given or left for the said Company at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to die Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the said Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, then, and in ewn Rich Case* it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or Surveyors

A.D. 1810.

49<5 C. ccvil. 50° GEO. III.

Conpftny empowered to arch ter and make ftevStwerg,

j

Notice to Commissioners of Sewers of Intention to arch over or make lew Scwcra.

respectively, to cause such Way* or Pastage, Bridge or Bridget, and the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Coping*, Polls, Rail?, and other Fences, to be made, secured, repaired and amended, as the Case may require, and the Charges and Expences thereof, toge. ther with a further Sum of One Penny for every Penny kid out and expended thereabouts, shall be paid by the said Company to the said Trustees or Surveyors respectively, causing the said Works to be done; and in case the said Company shall neglect to pay what shall be so paid, laid out and expended, together with the Sum on which One Penny for every Penny expended, laid out or incurred, shall amoooot unto, within Fourteen Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to the Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the kid Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, which Notice shall be in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, or by the said. Surveyor or Surveyors, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for soy Five or more of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Surveyor or Surveyors before mentioned, as the Case may require, is their Names, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts at Wcttmwjler, against the said Company for the Recovery thereof, and therein to recover such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be so laid out, expended or incurred, together with One Penny for every Penny on the Amount thereof, and full Colls of Suit, in which Action no Essoin, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause all or any Sewers or Drains, which shall lie and be in or near the intended Docks or other Work^ which shall belong thereto, to be arched over, filled or Hopped up, widened or otherwise altered, as they shall think ueceflary for making and completing the said Docks and other Works, so at the said Company do and shall previous thereto make and conllrufl, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and construct, in lieu of the Sewers and Drains so to be filled and flopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premises adjoining or near to the said Works, and as serviceable and convenient in all respeSs as the Sewers or Drains so to be filled or {lopped up, and so as that all such widening, altering hnd constructing of Sewers and Drains by them as aforesaid, shall be done under the immediate Inspection and Direction, and to the Satisfaction of His Majesty's Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits, extending from East Mouldfiy in the County of Surrey to Ravensborne in the County of Kent; and all such new Sewers and Drains shall, immediately on their being made, become veiled in, and be and remain under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Company of"Proprietors shall deem it necessary to arch over, fill, or stop up, widen or otherwise alter any Sewer or Drain in or near the kid iuteuded Docks, Notice in Writing thereof, signed by the Secretary*

A.D. 1810. 50'* GEO. III. C. cCvii..4*7

tary, Clerk or Surveyor to the said Company, shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, specifying the Work deemed necessary to be done, and on Receipt thereof the said Clerk shall and he is hereby required t6 convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Six or more of them, within Fourteen Days after such Notice, to view the Sewer or Drain so deemed necessary to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered 5 and the said Commissioners are hereby required to view the said Premises, and thereon or within Twenty Days thereafter, to make such Order and Direction for the arching over, filling or flopping up, widening or altering any such Sewer or Drain, or in lieu thereof, for the making, constructing or forming any other Sewer or Drain, as to them the' iaid Commissioners shall seem meet and requisite; and after such Order and Direction shall be made, and Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the same, and of such View and Survey, and after the making of such new Sewer or Drain, in the case of filling or flopping up any present Sewer or Drain, hut not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Sewer or Drain, Sewers or Drains, mentioned arid specified in the said Notice to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered, as the Case shall require, according to the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners in that behalf made, and not otherwise.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or NoDrjor Slips, D17 Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place for the build- Grwring Docks ing, heaving down, or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any to.

time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made

or built within the Walls surrounding any of the said Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Bakins or Entrances which Hull belong thereto, nor shall any Communication at any time hereafter be made into the said Commercial Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place, for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Veflds, which hereafter may be adjoining to the said Commercial Docks, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor shall the said Commercial Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on, or be otherwise concerned in the Trade or Business of building

or repairing the Hulls or Mads of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Profit: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or hinder the said Company from letting or demifing the Ship Yard and Premises belonging to them, and now in the Occupation of Daniel Brent Esquire, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or from permitting or allowing Docks, Slips and Communications to be made upon or from the Ship Yards, Land and Premises near the said Commercial Dock, and already established or used as a Dock Yard or Dock Yards, or any way connected therewith.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or Poirertojwr-any Five or more of them, by and with the Consent of the major

Part of the Proprietors of the said Docks and Premises, present at 10 any General Meeting or General Meetings assembled for the Purpose, from time to time, shall have full Power and Authority for all or any the Purposes aforesaid, to contra& and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contrail and agree with the Owner or 50 Geo. III. X k Owners,

C.ccvii.

5©e GEO. 1H»

A.D. 181&

49*

Limitation for Power for Five

Yun.

Power to oontraA with Jofcpli Moore for the)urdufe of certain La ids, £u.

Ipctpacitated JVrloi*, and Jhxlirft Cor-jH>ra»e, &c. authorized to Wl and convey.

Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Hooses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind To-ever, in or near the Parish aforesaid, within the (limits in the Plaa deposited with the Clerk of the Pe|ce for the County of Surrey^ and specified in the Schedule marked (A.l hereunto annexed, as they shall judge necessary, to purchase, employ, pull down, remove, alter or make use of, in and about the Works and Concerns of the said Pocks, Basons, Ponds, Entrance or Entrances, Communication or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, or for the purpose of enlarging or improving the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not, within the Space of Five Years next after the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued, as hereafter is pientioned, and purchasethe Houses, Building*, Lande, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purch&fe as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth all the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose only, shall cease, determine and be utterly void, and of none enett, any thing herein contained to the coa? trary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of the said Docks, at any General Court or Courts of the Proprietors to be held within One Calendar Month after the paling of this Act, to contra& and agree with Joseph Moore of Dorb-fag, in the County of Surrey, the Owner of certain Lands in the County of Surrey lying near to the said Docks, for the Purchase of the said Lauds, not exceeding in the whole Forty live Aere*, and which are comprised in the said Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Contract shall be valid, unless the same shall be duly entered into at One General Court of the said Proprietors, and confirmed at another General Court, to be holden at the Pittance of Seven Days from such Firk General Court; and unless Notice of holding such General Courts shall be given at lead Ten Days previously to such First Court, by publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four of the London Newspapers, and which Notice shall specify and set forth the Object for which such General Courts are to be held.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others having s partial or qualified Interest or Estate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Husbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Tnift for Charities or other Pun>ofe8, Committees, Executors or Administrators, and all other Per(onj whatever, not only on Behalf of themselves and their rrfpe&iye Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, but also on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder, expc&ant on an Estate Tail, and on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder ex-pc&ant on an Estate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way o{ Executive Devise, in case such Person shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on Behalf of their respective Wives and Cejhu<p* Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, 'Femes Covert, or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are and shall be seised of or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments! to treat and agm

with

A.D. 1810.

C. ccTUfl

499

50° GEO. III.

jrith the Cud Company, or with the said Directors, or any Fire m more of them at aforesaid, for the absolute Sale, and to lell and coavey to them all such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as fiull be adjudged necessary and convenient fur the Purposes aforesaid % and that all Cootracts, Agreements, Leases, Conveyances and other A Hu ranee s, which shall be bonafide made for the Purposes aforesaid,

shall be good and effectual'in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; all which Con t rads, Agreements, Leases, Sales, or Conveyances and Afiitr-ances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Pro* prietors, which laid Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Aflurancet shall be kept by the Clerk or Solicitor to the said Company of Proprie* tors, who shall from time to time, when requeued, deliver atiefted Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein, and re* quiring the same, at the Expence of the Person or Persons so require ing the same. N

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodief CompaHum to Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons Ml, <* Sstiw seised or posseued of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, to

Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, # or (hill not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree ' with the said Directors, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective E dates and Inter? (Is therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants,

Precept or precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County,

City, Division or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively he or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly, to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of fukftantml and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not lese than July.

Forty, nor more than Seventy two, and out of such Persons so to be impannflied, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person, to be by the said Directors appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Wcflmiujlet* are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An s G. a. c. 95, AQfor tie better Regulation of Juries directed to be drawn, which Person! so to be impaqneQed, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, at same Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, to be holden within the Borough of Southwark, or within Twelve Miles thereof, as in such Warrant Of Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of Qenqral Quarter-Sefhoos, or Adjournment, from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court, and all Per* fans concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any CUIlnip. of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered, by preceptor Precepts* from time to time, ai Occasion shall require,

'*k*to

400

C. ceril.

A.D. 1810.

56 GEO. III.

Witntflcs ejc-mined.

Aflouraxpent,

ic.

Notice to

to call before them aH and every Person or Persons whomsoevertho shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Wit? nefsor Witnessea, on nis, her or their Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have full Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and command such Jury, Witness, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded, and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths or Affirmations of such Persons or Person as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such fiouses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estate and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Parties or Party respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leasehold or Tenant at Will, provided that such Good-Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the same would have been worth, in case the Improvements intended by this Act had not been in Contemplation; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at lead Fourteen Days before the time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid) and the Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestuique Trusti, their, his, and her Heirs, Sufcceflors, Executors and Ad^inffirators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, Determination* and all otheV Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given and"pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of the County, City, Division, District or Liberty, wherein the rremifes shall respectively lie or be 5 and i0 case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be aftef-fed, in confluence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenement§or He^e-

diumentSj

A.D. 1810. 50* GEO; IIL C. ccviiict

djtamenU, or at such proportionable Value at aforesaid, and as the Reoprapence and Satisfaction to be made for thf Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Directors, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall nave previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, all the reasonable Cods, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompenc^ to be assessed and awarded, as aforesaid, and of so assefling and awarding the same shall lje borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of, or interestea ip fuch1 Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* and so fusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the Costs, Charges and Expences* out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be aiTeifed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof; and in case the Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid shall exceed the Sum or Sums of Money offered by the said Directors, then such Costs as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Directors out of the Funds of the said Company 2 Provided always, that in all Cases PfOfUol where any Person or Persons shall, by reason ot Absence, have been prevented from treating respecting such Recompence and Satis* faction as aforesaid, the Whole of such Costs, Charges sand Expen* ces shall be borne and paid by the said Company in manner aforesaid. -jf

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices (frail have Power from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not,*

exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Sheriff or Bailiffs,; , pr his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on fcny of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries and shall not appear, or/ appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching, any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or, attending, shall retufe to be sworn or affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall. in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premise9, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by order of the said Justices, b, y How Fines to Vi Distress ana Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk for the time being, of the County, City, Division, District or Liberty/ wherein the Premises shall lie or he, as the case shall require, shall, respectively, be sufficient Authority lo the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every such other Person acting, or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Banker of the said Dock Company for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any Bargain and Sale* such Estatesor Interests of any Feme Covert, to the said Directars inrolled to br as or their Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trufcfor tfiem, by eft^ual as Re-

Kkj Indenture

C. ccvii.

A.D. 18n

S«2

GEO. III.

Indr nture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Coverts, in the Presence of, and attested by Two of more credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as ene&ually and absolutely convey the Estate, and f iltered of fuclt Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law 5 and further, that all Bargain# and Sal^s whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Directors or their Sticcessors, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the Hke Force, Effe£l, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of or entitled to any Edate or Interest in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers in any Manner or Form whatsoever. ErttmHputebaM

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon Pay-to vriUbfofcnely ment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or assessed it the Company.^pajd to tj|e p^y or parties entitled thereto, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of England, in manner by this Act directed, -# the Case may be, the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have beet* so paid, tendered or deposited, as aforesaid, shall vest in the Directors of the said Company, in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid* who shall be deemed in Law to be in the adtral Poflfession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fired and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Ioterests, Claims Sod Demands whatsoever.

AppWmr <jT

XLVII. And be it further erased, ThA if any Money shall be Cmip-nfsrion.agreed or Swarded to be paid for any Houses, onildings. Lands, Monry where Tenements or Hereditament?, or for any other Matter, Right or In-exceeding 200I. tfcreftj of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same (bast amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be p4fd into the Bank of England, in the Name and with tke Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parie the Commercial Dock Company, together with the Names of such Person or Persons as Five or more of the said Directors shall, by Writing signed by them, dmedk and appoint, to the intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would wive been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements rHefcdtomenti, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the JpHcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affcding the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing settled to the same or the like Uses, Intents and Purposes; nr where such Money flail not be so applied, then the same full be bid

ost

A.D. 1810. 50 GIO. in C. ccril. 503

oat and irtTcfted under the Direfiidn and Approbation of the fud Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conreyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Ufet, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and isrf the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as afore-fidd, flood settled of limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efsect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Puipcfes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Applinrion Money fb agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, where Compen* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right*tion or Interest, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation,

Ur to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the lame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premisea fb purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Htnds, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Directors, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in oider that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any planner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without ebttining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further eoaffad, That where Application such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before men- wh«t Money boned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases,* the same shall be applied to the Ufa of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premiies so purchased, taken or used for tike Purposes of this Act, in such manner as tht said Directors, or any Five or more of (boot* shall think fit, or in case of Iofaucy or

Kk 4 Lunacy,

5°4

C. ccril.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

In case of not nuking umt Ticks, lie.

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to or for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiset, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money atteffed and awarded for any such Purchase, or in recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (dc-feribing the m) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, upon the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to fuen Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion pr Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Fund?, and to order Distibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable: and the Cashier or Carriers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the same, mentioning and specifying toy what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such rerton or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Qttff-

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any tion (h*ll arise Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money touching Title*0 to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pn-Moweytobepd, Q£ Accountant General of the Court of Chaiu'ery, in pnr-rion deemed°ia- fuance of this A A, for the Purchase of any Lands, 'fienements or titled. Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right or Interest, in any* Lands, Te-

nements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuancetof this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poisession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Per--fons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken

to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the£aid Court that such Possession was a wrongful PossessioD, and that 7 foaie

A.D. 18ia. so# GEO. III. C. ecru.

{one other Person or Persons wu or were lawfully entitled to such, JLand* Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interefk therein.

Jhl I. ProTided always, and be it further enacted, That where by remfon of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands. Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expence* as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leilee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Podession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the said Lands and Premiffs than as Tenants at Will, or Ledee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Podeilion of such Premises to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to take Podession of the same, having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Podession from the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or from the Person or Persons authorized by them5 and such Person or Persons shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, (whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not,) or so soon after as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Podession of the said Premises to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to the Person or Persons authorised to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Podession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Podession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to idue their Precept or Precepts to the Sherid or Sherids of the County or City wherein the said Premifsl shall or may be situated, to deliver Podession of the said Premises tA such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Prer cepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sherid or Sherids is and are hereby required to deliver such Podession accordingly, and to levy such Cods as shall accrue from the iduing and Execution of such rrecept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Podession as aforesaid, by Didrefa and Sale of his, her>r their Goods.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be a Tenant or Tenants at Will, or a Ledee or Ledees of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be required to give up his, her or their Right or Intered in the same, before the Expiration of the Terra he, she or they shall have therein, then, and in such Case, the said Company shall, and they are hereby

required

s°

CourtViay or Jar reasonable Expencet of Purchaser* to be paid by Com-(any.

Tenant* at Will to deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

In case Tenants at Will or Lef-fees of House or Lands required ta give up their Interest therein. Company to make Compensation.

jot C. cctil# 56 GEO. III. AJXiftto*

required t6 makfc Satisfaction and Compeofatfon far fi>A Right or Interest Co given up. And in case the find Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or LefTecs, and the said Company cannot agree as to the Amount of such Satisfaction and Competition as aforesaidd, then the femt shall he inquired into, and ascertained by a Jury, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect to the disputed Value of Pic-jrtifes Wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

MortgnpewOn LV. % And be it further enacted, That all tod every Person at' Tmder of Prin- Pfersons'who shall fr*te any Mortgage or Mortgages on Uich Houses, cipd and interest Land* and Hereditaments, not beings in Possession thereof

COOV<* Iry virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, fhml, on Tender of the principal Money and Interest doe thereon, together with the Amount 6f Six Calendar Months Interest on the find Principal by the said BirectOfs, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person Or Perfects as they ftndl appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer fath Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Directors, or any Fire or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice, in Writing, from the find Directors, or any Five or more of them, ot from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay and discharge the said principal Money and Interest which shall be doe on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed froth the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, 00 Payment Of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee at Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the find Premiset so the find Diredort, of any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall bO appointed in Trad for them5 and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refute to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that thea ill Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

Chmputy not to

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case 1*7 the Sum due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Inteirft

doe thereon, fhtil amount to more than the retd Value of the Pie-mises, to be ascertained as dheded by this Act, then the said Company shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid, and On Payment or Tender thereof the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or such Persons as shall be by them appointed, (haQ be entitled to the Right and Interest of such Mortgages respectively.

Upon Payment

LVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the of Principal arxl principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage or Mortgages Wft i»to the ag 5nt0 the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar

Phtnifra to vest Montlrt, from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the 2a Company. Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, im like manner as is hereinbefore directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Directors or the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Poftefion of the 6 Premises

A.S.1810«

So* GEO. III.

C.ccviu

S*7

P^irfMef comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to aH Intent* And Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained (Ml extend, Or be deemed or conftrved to extend to authorise and empower the said Company to take'more than Three Quarters of an Acre of a certain Field belonging to Edward George Barnard, fitoate in the said Parish of Saint Man Rntherbkhe* and near or idjoitfing to the^ Dock-yard there, the said Three Quarter* of ad Acre to be taken at the West End of the said Field, and to be fed off in streh way, that the extreme Breadth of the South End thereof; menfered along the Ditch which divides the said Field from the Road, strarfl not exceed Eighty Feet, and that the Boundary froth North to South shall be m a straight Line.

LlX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothin# herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise the said Company or their Workmen w making any Entrance or Entrances from the River Thames to their said Dock or Docks, to come within the Distance of Two hundred Feet from the Houses and Land now belonging to and in the Occupation of Susannah NortheoU and WilTtam Northcote, bounded by chef said River Thames on the North, and intermixed with, amd bounded by Premises -belonging to Lord Carteret and others on the East, South and West Sided; nnleft the said Company shall have previously purchased the fahf Houses and Lands, and paid the Purchase Money for the same.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed td extend, to inpoe, -or in any wise affect the Right of the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to make and erect a Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Conveniences for the Use of the Trade of the Croydon Canal, on the East Side of the Grand Surrey Canal, and on the South Side of the Dock or Bason belonging to the Grand Surrey Canal Company, at Rotherhithe aforesaid, or in any other respect to abridge or affeft the Power# contained in an Act passed in the Forty Srft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Gan a I from or near the Town of Croydbn in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish Of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for Jhpplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham and Dulwich, and the DistriS called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal: Provided nevertheless, that the Land to be made use ot for the said Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Convenient?*, so to be made and eTefted by the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal, shall not exceed One Acre and an Half, and that the extreme Depth thereof, from the Grand Surrey Canal Eastward, shall not exceed One hundred and ninety Feet, nor the Average Depth One hundred and sixty five Feet, and that the Northern Extremity of the said Bason shall not be formed at a greater Distance than One hundred Yarda from the Bason of the Grand Surrey Canal.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend to prejudice or attest any of the Rights or Privileges of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, granted to them by an Act passed in the Forty first

Year

Company not to take more than Three Quarters of an Acre of afield belonging to&G,

Ulnk

Entrances from the Thame* not to be within00 Feet of c4rt£tf frtmifau

Prorfefofr feting Right*? Proprietor* of the GvOpio* Canal*

41G. S. (U.K) c.

Prorifo for PrirU leges of Grand Surrey Canal Company, si G. a. (U.K.)

C. JUJU.

C.ccvii.

A.D. 181?

508

50° GEO. III.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place tolled Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rother-hithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the said Countyf and also divert collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of 47G.a., Seff« a. Surrey and Kent; and also by another passed in the Forty seventh c.lrn. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same; and also by another Act passed in the 48 G. a* «. xc'du Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, to fapply with Water the several Towns, DifiriSs and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal.

pixmfo for

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

Thames Archway in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to in-Coropany. jure or prejudice the Rights or Powers of the Thames Archway Company, established by an Act of Parliament made and passed in 45 G. 9. c«cxvii. the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames, from the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the fend River, in the County of Middlesex.

Powertofell

LXIII. And whereas, in pursuance of the Provisions of this

land not wanted Ad, and to avoid Disputep with the Owners of Lands, Grounds and h'6 Hereditaments, wWch may be affected by the making of the said

it iaA6t* Docks and other Works, the said Company may purchase Lands, Buildings and other Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company by Indenture, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale for a Consideration in Money, such Part or Parts of the Land* or Buildings which shall be so purchased by, and conveyed to them as aforesaid, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and the Conveyances from the said Company shall be valid and effectual; any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the said Company to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which' Receipt shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money, for which such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lof6, Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same, or who would have been then entitled thereto, in case such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments had not been purchased by the said Company, the Price at which the same shall be

refold,

A.D. 1810.

£. ccv&

50° GEO. III.

5°9

refold, being a<3jutted and settled by a Jury, in like manner at the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is herein, before directed to be settled in case of Difference or Dispute as to the Value thereof, and if such Person or Persons shall not agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the same, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, dating that such Otter was made by or on behalf of the said Company, and that such Person or Persons did not agree, or refused to purchase such Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, as the case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Otter was made, and was not agreed to or refused.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perjury. Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where any Oath is required, shall swear falsely, or being a Quaker shall falsely affirm, shall be subject to such Penalties and Disqualittcations as Persons guilty of wilful and cor. rupt Perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall Company rot to not be lawful for the said Company to demand and take, and they are hereby restrained from demanding and taking any greater Sums than

of Money for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiv- mentied in ing, warehousing and storing of Timber, Wood and other Merchan- Schaduk (B.) dize, than are mentioned and specified in the Schedule (marked B.) hereunto annexed; nor shall it be lawful for them to demand, or take for any other Advantage or Accommodation, Matter or Thing not therein specified to be afforded to, or done for or in respect of any Ships or Vessels which shall go into or out of the said Docks, Ba-fons or Ponds, or any of them, for or in respect of any Timber,

Wood or other Merchandize, which shall be received, warehoused or stored therein or thereupon, or in or upon any of the Premises belonging to the said Commercial Dock Company, any greater Sum of Money than within Twelve Months next before the patting of this Act shall have been usually charged for the same or the like Accommodation. Advantage, Matter or Thing within such Part of the Port of London as is situate between Westminster Bridge and Green-nvich Hospital.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commercial Power to mak* Dock Company shall have full Power and Authority, by their Servants. Agents and Workmen, to build proper Premises on the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Entrance of Ships into m*lt ship#, &c.*or out of the said Docks, so that the said Premises do not project more than Ten Feet from the present Line of Wharfage, so as to do no Injury to the Navigation of the said River: and also to enter on and deepen and scour out the Beach and Bed of the River Thames, and for ever after maintaining and prefenring the said Premises, and the Depth so made from the Docks or other Works, at the Entrance or Entrances from the River to the said Docks, so at to ajdmit Vessels navigating or entering into the said Docks, Basons and Premises from the said River names, with the same, or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrances to the said Docks.

XXVII. An<}

v

C. ccvlL

A.D. 181#.

S»P

5o» GEO. III.

Fewer to wak* Sluices.

Empowered to Wing A ftirnw, and prefer la* distoMnts.

Indi^meirt lor Property of Per* foot ufmgDocks, in Name of Con* pany.

LXVIT. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may likewise cause to be made and provided, such Sluice*, Bridges* Roads and other Works, Requtftt£t, Matters and Things, on, in and leading to, or communicating with the fetid Docks, or either of them, and other Works, as" they shall from time to tune judge necessary for the more convenient Ufc thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto; and the said Company shall, from time to time, out of the Monies to be received from the said Proprietors, or by virtue of this Act, and at all times and hereafter well and sufficiently repair, amend, support and cleaafe the said Docks, and the Quays or Wharfs, Cuts, and all other the Works, Roads, Matters and Things, by them already made, or to be made, built and provided, by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, already belonging to the said Company, or to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Buildings Erections and other Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Basons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Buddings and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things which shall be made, built, provided or established, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Company and their Successors; and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to commence and defend all Actions and Suits wherein they are or shall be concerned or inter rested, by and in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being, and also to prefer any Indictment or Indictments, Information or Informations, against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against the said Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels or Property of or belonging to the said Company, either as to their Docks, Wharfs, Waterworks or any Part of their Premises, or otherwise, or in relation to any Ship, Vessels, Goods, Chattels or Pro* perty in their Custody; and the Name of such Treasurer shall and may he used in all such Actions, Suits, Indictments and Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings, as to any such Matters, Things, Goods, Chattels or Property as and for the said Company j and the Death of such Treasurer, or the Resignation or other Act of any such Treasurer, shall not abate any such Suit or Information.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pairing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commercial Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indictment or Indiaments against any Person or Person* feloniously taking, dealing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of, or belonging to the said Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any other Person having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property, in the Care or Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or id or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or fremifes belonging to the said Company, and in all such Indiftpients, such Gooes, Chattels and Property may be laid and ft a ted to be the Goods, Chat, t/els and Property of the said Commercial Dock Company and that the Came were feloniously ftokn or embezzled from the feud Commercial

A.D. 1810. Jo° GEO. III. G cpyil. ji|

aipmal Dock Company; and it (haB be sufficierit, on any fucbln-da&ment, to prove that such Goods, Chattels and Property, weir, at the time of the feloniously taking or denting, or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premise*, be* longing to the said Company, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politick, having deposited the same with the said Company, without any other Proof of Property.

LXX. And be it further ena&ea, That if any Person or Persons Breaking Luspt, shall (leal, take away, break, deroolish or throw down, any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Pods, which the said Company shall or may set up near unto and about the said Dock or Docks, and other Works, or any of the Premises belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extioguiffi the Light within the same Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Fnraiture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and also for any other Person to assist when called upon, to arrell the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer in order to be conveyed before a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and that such Justice or Justices shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice Or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to admi« nifter) and that if the Party or Parties accu(ed shall be convicted of such Offence, either by Confctiion, or by the Tedimoqy of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, ne, (he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Tensity.

Lamp Iron or Pod, or other Furniture, so broke, thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguished; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Managers, and to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same for the Damage so done; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay the Forfeiture afiefled, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice Or Justices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction, for any time not exceeding One Calen- Punishment. dar Month.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- To appoint % fui for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they pock Maker, are, hereby authorized and required, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Dock-mader or Dock-maders, and to remove, suspend or dibnifs the same, which said Dock-mader or Dock-maders shall have full Authority, Stc.of Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and D00* Mailer, removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters and Craft, entering into, lying or being in the said Dock or Docks, or either of them, either as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of the same, and their Position, loading and discharging the rein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the several Gates thereof; and in case the Owner, Mader, Pilot, Servant o* Owner, Sec., dip-other Person having the Care of any Ship or Vessel, shall refuse oheyin?, «to or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the same to such Di- Mooring &c. rection, within Two Hours after Notice to him or them given in

Writingt

C. ccvii.

A.D. 18fcl

sn

ftntlty.

Obstro&tng Mooring, &c.

[Penalty.]

Ships not to lay within the Pittance of 100 Yards from the Estrance.

VrITfli ob ft ruling Entrance.

[Penalty.]

Entrances deepened, &c.

Ohttruiftion removed.

50* Geo. nr.

Writing, or left with Tome Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, then that it shall be lawful for the fata Dock-mailer or Dock-roafters, or his or their Affi&ants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such ways and means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; and in case any such Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct or binder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after declared.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel or Vessels shall be moored or anchored within the Distance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances of the said Docks, so that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear, and without Obstruction; and over this Space the Dock-mailer shall have Controul, so far as relates to the transporting Ships and Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Ship or Vessel laying at r alongside any adjoining Wharf in such manner as by Law before the paiung of this Act such Ship or Vessel might have done.

LXXIII. And, for the better making and preserving a free and dear Passage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of the said Docks for all Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges and Boats of every Description, Be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Description whatsoever, shall be moored or anchored across, in, or any way obstruct any of the Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, except only such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft and Beats of whatsoever Description, as shall have come out of, or are intended to go into the said Docks, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to deanse, Scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through, and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rubbish, in the said Docks, Works and Entrances already made, or intended to be made, in such manner as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the same; and dfo to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or other Impediments of the like Nature that may be found or arise therein; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Obstructions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the same, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof, made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks of

A.D. 1810.

C. ccvii.

5^3

50° GEO. III.

Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like Nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company (exclusive of the Expences incurred by removing the Came] any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the same shall be Penalty, recovered and applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXV. And Jbe it further enacted, That in case any Person or Cutting Repo, Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in &* any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or Vessel, lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

LXXVI. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks Accidents Wy or Basons or Cuts or other Wonts, Be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same, at any time or times whatsoever, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pl«r* Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, To prevent Fire. Turpentine, Oil, or other oombuttible Matter, shall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel,

lighter, Craft or Boat, lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them for that Purpose;

or shall any Gunpowder or loaded Cannon whatever be brought iBto the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, or suffered to remain oa board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Vessel fa offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Five Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or MaAm and Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vesseb shall Owners of Ship* be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mif- answmb, c f°* chies, that shall be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or ?al^e-other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen, Watermen or others, belonging to, employed in or about the same, unto the Docks, Basons,

Cuts, or unto aoy of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Basons, or any of* them, or any of the Trefiches, Sluices and Passages, to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat,

Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that*

shall or may be done to the Owners or Oceftpiers of any Buddings,

Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenement, ad*

5Q Geo. III. 4 LI joining

$M C. CCVII. $<P GEO- IIL AD-iSi*

joining of lying nea* the same* or any of them* by leaving ©pent the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespass whatsoever* am) the said Mailer or Owner of any such Ship* Boat* Barge* Lighter or other Vessel* may be sued and prosecuted for the tame in any'Court of Record; and if a Vhrdtft or Judgment shall be given against him* either on Proof made, or by Default* of upon Demurrer* the Plaintiff in such case shall recover his Damages thereby'fuilaiiied, with full Colls of Suit; and id case the Matter or Owner of any fetch Ship* Boat, Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, ihtfl be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satwfaction for any Damage or Trespass* by reason of any wilful Act or.Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants* every fetch Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, to such Mailer or Owner; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand* the same shall be recovered by such Wider or Owner* in like manner is any Penalty is herein after directed to be recovered.

Satisfaction for

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That full Recompenoe*{fatts* Tithes! faction and Compensation* shall be made by the said Company* for

all the Tithes* both great and ftnall* of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company* for the Par-poles and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, - to the respectrite Persons entitled* or who would have been entitled to such Tithes* in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of* according to their respective Interests therein* such Tithes to be efUmated at the average Value of Three Years, commencing at , the Twenty lifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, such average Value to be ascertained, in case of any Difference concerning the same* in like manner as the Value of the Lands* Tenements or other Hereditaments* are heretofore directed to be ascertained: Provided always* that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to fpsritual Persons, shall be mode to such Persons by an Amraal Rent..Proviso for Lon- 'LXXX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted hnd declared* That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be con-19 G. 3.*. extend, to prejudice or affect any of the Rights of the West

Mia Dock Company, estabhflied by an Act made in the Thirty ninth x Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled* AnAB far rendering

mart commodious and letter regulating the Port of London* or of the 89 & 40 G. 8. London Dock Company, effablitod by an Act made in the Thirty c. xlvu. ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An M

fife making Wet Docks, Bafime* Cuts* and Utter Works, for the

greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, nubbin the Port of London; or of the East India Dock Com-43 G. 3.'c. cxxvL pany, established by an Act made i* the Forty thiid Year of His present Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act for the further Improve* mm of the Port of London, by making Docks and Other Works at Biackwail* for the Aeeomnodatum of tie East India Shipping in the said Part.

ProvUo for

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no*

Trinity House. thing in this Act contained toll extend* or he conftrned to extend* to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Matter, Warden and Affitonts of the Trahy House* Deptford &rond.

A.D. 1giot, 50? CEO. fll. G. ccvK, 515

LXXXII. Provided aHp, and it is hereby enacted and declared* Proviso for the

Vhyt nothing in tbi* Act contained shall extend or be construed P'=h of

9 extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, In- LonI

tpreft$, Privilege*, FrapchiTes or Authority of the King's Majesty,

feu Heirs or Successbrp, or of the Mayor, and Commonalty of the

Citizens of the City of London, their Successor$, or the Lord Mayor

ff the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or

4imipi(h any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time

of making this Act His Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty

Sad Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said

City for the time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and

Waters of Medway^ aid or might lawfully claim, use or exercise;

end further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said

City for the time being, in like manner as he hath used to do in

Other C^fes, to inquire of, hear and determine, by Presentment or

Indictment, taken before him as Conservator of the said River and

Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye-Laws, Rules,

Orders and Regulations as shall be made as ?foresaid, and upon Genviction of tie Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Peoalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penal- Penalties, tjes hereby indieted, or which shall be inflicted in and by the said Dye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punished Twice for one and the Jjtine Offence*.

I,

XXXIII. Provided also,nd be it further enacted, That no- Prorifo for Rights thing in this - Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, °* Feltowship tp prevent or hinder the Mayor am} Commonalty and Citizens of the P01100*0-Qty of London, or their Deputies, Meters and Fellowffjip Porters,

herwife Bjllingfgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Work$ already made, pr to be made by virtpp of this Act, the Right of Measurage and Porterage of alj. Cpro, Grain, and §ecd of what Kind foevpr, and of Salt,

and Fruit, and of fdl other Merchandizes mpafurable, or to be mea-(predf at the Rates and Prices as regulated and settled, or to be regulated and settled, by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in such and the same manner in every respe^f as they now and heretofore have pjoyed such Right of Meafu*a£€ and Porterage in any Part of the Ifert of London,

L*XXXIV. Provided alfp, and be it further enacted, That no- Rcfcmng IWr tfc#ig bi this A^ contained shall extend, or be cpnffrued to extend, ofgu-siugWine* to prohibit, defeat, alter or dimiuifh any Power, Authority or Ju- and other Article# riffiction which at the time of making this Act the Mayor* or £L»d Doeksta Cownooajty or Citizens of the pity of London, or the Lord Mayor Lity of London, of the said City for the time being, or his Deputy to the Exercise of guaging all Wines, Qjl, Hopey, and other gu*gable Merchan-<ftrc, imported, or brought into the hud Wft Pocks already made or to be made by virtue of t hip Act, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Right*? Privileges, Liberties* Tolls, Customs, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but that the said May^r fur the time being, or his Deputy, shall exercise and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made, or to be made, as aforesaid, and upon

L 1 2 the

F. m % to be levied.

Wow applied.

TM*n- of Form in Diuref* wit0 vitiate DU

*refs.

orn> of Con-

'-tiuft

the Banks, Wharfs, Quays and in the Warehouses thereto belonging, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London are entitled to have, exercise and enjoy the same within the City of London, or the Port of the same, and as if the said Docks were actually situate within and Part of the City of London.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, or by any, Rule or Bye-Law which shall hereafter be made in pursuance of this Act, may be levied and recovered within Six Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the* Peace for the County of Surrey, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in such Warrant spectiied; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on his, her or their Consession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses examined on Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to administer) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, go and be applied, one Half to him who will sue or inform, and the other Half to the Use of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer; and for Want ot sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and ell reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums due, or to become due to the said Company for Rent or other Dues, the Distress of itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties' di draining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah with, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Case.

LXXXVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act*-be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, ihaH and may caofe the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, (X\dcliut % )

gE it remembered, That on the*Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C. D- One

-«of

A.DaSio. 50° GEO. III. C. ccvii. 5*r

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

(Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place, 4?

the case may he) contrary to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year Rrft mentioned.'

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes foweT of this Act, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers , mo and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to enter upon any Lands and Grounds whatsoever, for the Purpose of surveying, taking and levelling of, and marking out the Ground and Premises intended to be made use of for the Purpose of making the said Dock or Docks they, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be, and giving Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds or Hereditaments, and making Satisfaction for all Damage that shall be done.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tl.e Error in Schedule said Company shall and may make the said Dock or Docks, and the 10 liie Roads and Bridges connected therewith, and take Poisession, forj|^loPur" the Purposes of this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or spelled in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or improper Description proceeded from Mistake.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Setting Fire to shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut Premise*. down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Docks, Cuts, Bason or Ba-fons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof,

shall suffer Punishment, by Fine, Imprisonment or Transportation, PunUkment. not exceeding Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person Person* nor com-or Persons, pr Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, !'m

shall be applied to by or on the behalf of the said Company to treat °* t"e*f for, fell, dispose of or convey, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Pail or Parts of any House or Buildings, or any vacant Plot or Parcel of Land, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the House of the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Directors, within Thirty Days next after such Applications shall be made in Writing, signify his or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the Whole of such House or Building, or of any such vacant Plot or Parcel of Lands, some Part < whereof shall have been deemed necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and it shall happen to be purchased for the Pur-

L 1 3 poses

5*8

t Sic.

[Proviso.]

Appeal.

Recognizance.

Certiorari.

Compensation made for Dame gr» done.

C.ccvtt: 56 ©£0. IK. A, 0, i§i*

pefes of this Act, ^fctfd it shall hfcppfcn that the said Company and their said Directors shall riot think on>pfcr or be willing to purchase' the Whole of fufch House or Btiilding, or of any such Plot or Parcel of Land) then, and in every such Case, nothing in this Act shall exi tend or be construed to extend so as to compel the respective Person or Persons interested therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey* Part only, or less than the Whole; of every such House or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages, Yards and Passages adjoining and belonging thereto, or to sell or dispose of any such vacant Spot dr\ Parcel of Land, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the said Company or their Directors, to purchase any more than One Acre of Land from any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so signifying his, her or their Defirt not to sell or dispose of a Part or Parts of such his, her or their vacant Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if iny Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Ordet or Judgment made or given, in pursuance of any Rule, printed Bye* Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in that Case; he, she or they may, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Gause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-SeffioDt; to be holden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, first giving One Calendar Month's Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof; and, within Oue Calendar Month after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before foihe Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Awdrd of the said Coiirt therein; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof 6f such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered, either hear and determine the find Appeal at such General Quarter-Sessions, or, if they think proper* mav adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next General Quarter* Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and the Rid Justices may, if they fee Caiife, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Lavf, Order or Detfermifthtidh, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, a3 they shall think and judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majest y's Courts of Record at Wefimtiijirr, or elsewhere, anj* Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage shall - arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Person from the making the said new Docks, Basons, Ponds, Sluices, Entrances and other Works herein authorized to be made, the Rid Company shall, within One Calendar Month after Notice of such Damage in Writing, Ggned by the Party interested or hit Agent, shall

519

A.D. 1ftio* 50° GEO. III. C. ccvxi.

have been left at the Office of the said Company, make such neafon-able Compensation for the same, and in such £ maimer as' shall be agreed upon between the Party interested and the Directors of the said Company; but in case the Parties cannot agree, then it shall be lawful for the Directors, and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after ft Demand for that Purpose fall have: been made in Writing by the Party interested, to cause a Jury to be fumrooned io the manner herein diro&ed, to decide by their Verdict the Amount of the Compensation to be made for such Damage, and the time and manner in which such Compensation fall be made by the said Company, which Verdict shall be nnal and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes: Provided always, that no Party shall be entitled to such Compensation unless the Claim for the same be made within Six Calendar Months after the Damage, in respect of which such Claim is made, shall have accrued.

XCIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Claim* for Date brought or commenced again (I any Person or Persons, Bodies nsge 10 bejnade Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of tV Ad, J*1"rwo.every £uch Ad*on or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or in case there shall te a Continuation of Damages, then within Two Months after the doing or committing such ©amage shall have ceased, and not afterwarm, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispote or Cause fall arise, and not elsewhere; asd the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffoe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in £vi- Geacril Issue. dence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purfpance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it fall appear to Ijave beea so done, or if any Action or Suit fall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the ferine* or in any other County or - Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury fail find for the Defendant or Defendants } or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall becoms sonfuitedof his, her or fair Action or fat, after the

Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurer ofotherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the ©e- fondant or Defendants shall have Cods, and shall have such Remedy Costs. for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law,

[Publick Act.]

XCV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act fall. be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, ^nd fall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without bost % JpeciaBy pleaded.

'v i

*., \ v 1

1

L14 SCHEDULE

A.D. 1ti*.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which the foregoing AS refers.

Vo. on Flan. Description. Ownen. Oecaphn.

I Marsh. Rit. Hon. Ld. Carteret, dec. Joseph Read.

2 Do. Barnett — - — Hampton.

3 Do. Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret, & c. Joseph Road.

4 Do. Do. Do.

TRINITY STREET ENTRANCE.

Dwelling and Yard. Thomas Ritchie. Thomas Afbdon.

Do. Do. Rt. Whitfield.

Do. Do. Thomas Morgan.

Do. Do. John Highland.

Do. Do. Gerrowcolc.

Do. Do.* - Bryan.

J Do. Do. Purse and Bennett.

Do. Do. David Wilcox.

Do. Do. John Cox.

Do. Do. Elizabeth King.

Do. Do. Brown.

Do. Do. Peak.

Do. Do. Griffiths.

Do. Do. T. Sindrey.

6 Dwelling, Wharf, Sheds, &c. Land, E. Ritchie. Jer. Kofher.

East India Arm8(Publick House) Do. T. Lawrence.

ROTHERHITHE STREET ENTRANC !E.

Meadow. Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret Thomas Watfoa.

10

Cottage, Sheds and Garden Noah's Ark (Publick House) Garden

Dwelling, Yard, &c.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Ground, forming Court to] above Houses Dwelling, Yard, &c. being x 70,] in Rotherhithe Street 1 Do. 171, Do.

behind the above 172, in Street

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

I73»

*74»

J7£

176,

77>

178,

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do-

- Purqett, Leaseholder Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

G. Walkington.

- fMorley.

John Steel.

John Pryor. Richard Gardner.

- Newman. Thomas Butler. Mrs. Vaughan.

William Markltw.

- Moncar

- Johnfloa.

- Eagffer. James MuQett. Mrs. Danby. Henry Hughes. George Steel. Mrs. Dance.

John Walker.

Dwelling

AJ&itic. 50° GEO. III. C. cctu. 521

Nouip fkn. Descripiiotu Owners. Occupies!

Dwelling in Lepard's Court Purnett, Leaseholder Samuel Hill.

Do. Do. Mrs. Webb.

X 1 Do. Do. Francis Wyatt.

V Do. Do. — Fuller.

Do. Do. Saxby.

Do. Do. — Williams.

Wharfs, Sheds, &c. next, ? Thames, &c. - j*Do. Sindrey*

*3 Wharfs, Sheds, 8cc. Do. John Rufmore.

Dwelling, &c. being Number 1 108, Rotherhithe Street J Do. Jacob Hyde.

*4 109, Do. Do. Jacob Lullham.

no, Do. Do. James Coder.

111, Do. - Do. Davey.

Dwelling, Granary, Malting j Loft and Garden, &c. 3 Do, — North cote.

SCHEDULE (B.) to which the foregoing Act refers*

Per Register Ton.

Dockage on laden Ships, with! Permission of laying Six > Weeks - -3

After that Time, if remaining 1.with a Cargo on board, per

Week - -3

Or if remaining without a 1 Cargo on board, per Week J Ships coining in light, for the!

first Six Weeks J

And if exceeding that Time, { per Week. - -J

All rigged Vessels coming tol load oooods in the Dock - > All Ships to pay for

docking - io 6 And for undocking io 6 Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pass without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other! heavy Tiftiber, per Load - f

r -i

' Wharfage of Oak and other# heavy Planks, per Load - f

Wharfage on large Timber and

/. d.

i 6

o I

O 0$ o 3 o o\ o 6

Mails, per Load

/. J.

r Rent while (lored on the Pre-"]

O 1 raises of the Company, per L Load per Quarter rRent while stored on the Pre,

6 < mises of the Company, per L Load per Quarter f Rent while stored on the Pre-1 O < mises of the Company, per

Wharfage

3

3 6

t Load per Quarter

i 6

$k

C. ccvil — cell.

Wharfage on small Timber, ") per Load' -J

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic/ per reduced Stand ardof 120

Wharfage on Deals from Ame- / vica, per reduced Standard > 3 of 120 - -I

Wharfage on Oak Pipe*and'! Hogshead Staves from the >|o Baltic, per thousand -J Wharfage on Qak Barrel and> Heading Staves from the > y Baltic, per thousand -J

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton

u

Wharfage on Pitch, Tir and Turpentine, per Barrel, from America or elsewhere

> o 2

V

Wharfage on Oil, per Ton -

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton -

Ufa of the Coppers for boiling7 of Blubber, per. Tori '. - J /

50° GEO. III.

AJLi8ie,

0 s

3 o

Rent while stored on the Pre-mues of the Company* per Load per Quarter Rent while stored on the Pre- 1 mises of the Company, perl Quarter^rreduceaStandard

>) 1. / r J 2 4

2.o

>2 o

3

of 120

"Rent while stored on the Pre-

mises of the Company, per, *Quart er/^r reduced Standard 3

_ of 120.-

7Rent while stored on the Prt-"

J mises of the Company, per 15 0 I: Quarter per thousand

1 'Rent while stored on the Pre-"

i mises of the Company, per Quarter per thousand '"Rent while stored or ware* 1 houfad on the* Premises of the Company, per Week _ per Ton.,

"Rent' while 'stored or ware-honied on the Preraifea of the Company* per Week _ per Ton.

"Rent while stored or ware* houfad.on the Premises ofj the Company, per Week /r Barrel -Rent, while stored. or ware-housedpn the Premifaa of the tCetnpany, per Week per Ton

Rtnt while stored or were-houfad on the jPretoifca of the Company, per Week) per To$.

10 0

0 6

>01

0 \

0

*9 0. 0. C. 87. 10 0.3. c. 50. 3 5 G. 3. C. bA. < % s to St. Paul Shad well, rt-setled.

.'Cap. ccvrii.

An Act for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor, wkhjn the Parish of Saint Paul Sbdchvell, in the County of Middlesex; for better lighting, wattftnag, paring, ckaosing, itpairif? and improving the Streets and other publick Places in the fai4 Parish; and for repealing Three Acts, severally passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, rehtm thereto.

[20th June 1810]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for more equally and effedoally assessing and cofle&ng the 2 Pom

JtD.ift*

C. cela — eetiri

50° CEO.

III.

Pber Rotes, wW|ii the Parish of toW Hetefph without AUgdtei in the Couoty of MUdlesex [loth June if to.

m

Cap. ccx.

An Act for mote effectually improving the Road from Burford to iqG. 3. c. lot. Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road c. m.

leading to Stow in the Coutrty of Glooc(/iert and from Swerford rppwl*d-Gate, in the Coutrty of Oxfo+d, to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton. (a)

[20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Act for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trustees of Henry Smith's Charity and John Nctunham Esquire, of divers Estates in Worth and Balcombe otherwise feaulcombe, Ardinglry, Crawley and /field, in the County of SuJ[ex. (q. P.) £aoth June 1810.]

Cap. ccxii. v

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Trellech, Penalty Mltchel Troy, C<tvmcaravan, Landogo, Tihtern and Lam fie n, in the County of Monmouth, (q. P.)

[20th June 1810.]

9t Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §23.

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Netheir Kellet in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands f in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

(q. P-)

[zoth June if 10.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upoA the Conditions! and under the Regulation* therein mentioned.

[21st June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Existence of well regulated Theatres sub-9 iftantiftlly built, and capable of affording the best Accom- ihodAtion to be obtained For the Publick, with respect to the

furtoUOding Avenues, Passages and Approaches, as well as to their Fitness for Scenic Representation, has always been considered to

be a Matter worthy both bf Royal Attention and Legftlative

Pnoteftion: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred

and ninety three, the then Theatre Royal in Drury Lane wa»

taken down, and great Surrts expended by the Most Noble Francis the late Duke of Bedford9 in tire Parchafe of Ground and Housea in the Neighbourhood, in order to erect a new Theatre upon a

Seale of Magnificence and Grandeur; the Interest of which Sum*

so expended by the said Duke of Bedford being added as an act-

drtional Rent Charge upon the said Theatre: And whereas the

Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds was raised by % the Proprietor* of the said Theatre by Shares of Five hundred Pounds each, for the Accomplishment of the ereftitig the proposed ilew Theatre, and for paying off the then existing Mortgages;

$ but owing to various and unforeseen CircumftatrceS, and to the,

unavoidable Necessity which arose of making various Alterations9in the original Plan! the Theatre when opened in the Beginning

5*4

C- ccxlr.

So8 GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Preprint or* Ntmtt.

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and niriety four, wit rtry far from being in a finished State, while the intended surrounding Buildings dated in the Estimate were not even begun, and a great Debt was-left wholly unprovided for, and the whole Sum intended to be applied to the Building of the Theatre was entirely expended by the Trustees jn endeavouring to accomplish the same: And whereas a Settlement of the Remainder of the said Debt and Claims took place in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, through an Arrangement made under the immediate Di-re&iou and Authority of the Lord Chancellor, and afiented to by all Parties; And whereas, in the course of a successful Progress towards the Liquidation of the said Claims, the said Theatre Royal, with all its Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture and other Articles, was wholly destroyea by the Calamity of Fire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, being insured only to the Amount of Thirty five thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas it is deemed expedient to surrender and make over the whole Interest of the present Proprietors of the said Property to a Body of Subscribers purchasing the same and becoming bona Jde Proprietors of the whole Patents, Leases or Agreements for Leases, Materials, Foundation, Scite of Ground, and every ether Property of whatever Description now belonging to or held in Tract for the Proprietors of the said Theatre: And whereas the several Persons herein after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to provide for or to discharge all just and equitable Claims on the late Theatre, should the same be duly ascertained to their Satisfaction, and not found to exceed the computed Amount upon which they are willing to become Subscribers; and also to erect, build, finish and furnish, fit for Representation, the said intended new Theatre, with the surrounding Buildings and Improvements: But as the several Purposes before mentioned cannot be carried into EffcA without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Grace the Duke of Bedford, His Grace the Duke of Argyle, the Right Honourable Lord Kinnaird, Samuel Whit* bread; 'Richard Sharpe, Peter Moore, Harvey Christian Combe, Sir Robert Barelas Baronet, Thomas Coutts, the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable David Anstruther, Alexander Davidson, Templar, J. H. Farqubar, Thomas Hammerjlty

and Company, Aaron Graham, Richard Wilson, Sir Charles Blicle, James Heath, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, Sir Mathew White Ridley Baronet, Henry Greville, the Honourable Thomas Maule, William Adam, Colonel O'Kelly, Captain Graham, Samuel James Arnold, Charles William Ward, William Linley, Robert M- Barnard, Richard Peake, Michael Kelly, Joseph Kelly, Henry Burgess, Richard Ironmonger, George Boulton, John Morris, Charles Beasley, John Graham, Thomas Fojbrook, William Phillips, J. Winter, Francis Glossop, William Griffith, John Whitehead, Law* renee Burton, Robert John Cocker, Thomas Wright, John Wilkie, T.Fallowjuld, Francis Franco, C Wat him, James

Raymond, George Pringle, Joseph Kernot, R Knight, J

Harley,

G. ccxiti

5*S

50° GEO. III.

Harley* H Milton* William Downs* William Dunn* William

Lucas* Andrew Franklin* Thomas Greenwood* A Lowndes*

John Bowley* Samuel Spring, James Smart* Robert Mitchell* Thomas Shaw* J Stephenson, James Denew* Edward Ainge* M Linley* John Grubb* John Windus* John Welbank* Richard Strong WAls* A Menxies* William Wolford* William J Banker$

Theophilus Elgie* George Edwards* James Mitchell* Thomas Parker and Nathaniel Vieke* together with such other Person and Perilous as shall subscribe towards raising the Capital Sum herein after mentioned, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Alligns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any*

Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, paying and contributing

to the Capital Sum to be raised as herein after mentioned, shall be t

and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for erecting

the said Theatre and surrounding Buildings, and carrying into Exe*.

cution the Purposes of this Act, and shall for that Purpose be One

Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name and Style of The Incorporated.

Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors* and by that; Th*

Name shall have perpetual Succeilion and a Common Seal, and by* that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have full Power and Authority to purchase or exchange Messuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their SucceUora and Assigna, for the Use of the said Theatre and the surroundtngp Buildings and Improvements, and the other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Statutes of Mortmain, and also to sell or exchange for others any of the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, purcnafed for the Purposes aforesaid: f Provided always nevertheless, that the said Land or Ground, so to be held by the said Corporation, shall not exceed Five Acres in the whole.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Comptay may the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute in such Pro-, wife among portions as they shall think proper any Sum or Sums of Money, tlwmfelvesa not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand;

Pounds, which said Sum or Sums of Money shall be laid out and , n* '

applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and, in the next Place, in Payment to George White of Park Street* Westminster* Esquire, and Ann the Wife of John Martindale of Tavistock Place, in the County of Middlesex* Esquire; or unto such other Person or Persons, as (he the said Ann Martindale on her. Part shall appoint, in* equal Shares and Proportions, such Sum or Sums of Money as is and shall or may become due and owing to them in respect of their*

Shares, Rights and Interofta, in certain Letters Patent, granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to Thomas Killegrtw Esquire, for eroding and building a Theatre in the Cities of London and* Westminster or the Suburbs thereof, for performing Plays and Other Entertainments therein; and in the next Place, in making due and just Payment or Compensation to the Renters and the several other Claimants on the said Property upon such Terms as the said Claimants and the said Company of Proprietors fhjl agree; and thirdly, in purcfea&ig the entire Property and Interclts of the* proTenfProprietors and Parties, beneficially and ultimately interested.

C.ctxW.,

So* GEO. III.

To V. divided Into Shares of tool. each.

im the Property of the said late Theatre Royal Drury Za/fi, and the Profits and Property thereof, and then for and toward! rebuilding, erecting and finishing the said intended new Theatre, and the fuiTomdnw Buildings and Improvement9 necessary thereto, and in ptmcbafaig, making axul completing the Se$nery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations, and other Appendages, and otherwise for carrying this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the Qqd Shares.shall be and they are hereby vested in the said several Per fops and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, £0 fqbscribing, and their fereral and respective Executors, Administraton, Successors and Af« signs, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportion-aWy to the several Sums they shall severally pay and contribute, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who Audi severally subscribe for Ooe or more Share or Sham, shall be entitled to, and receive the entire and net Ciftribution of an equal proportionable Part according to the Money so by them respectively paid of the Prodts and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue from the Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received from the said Theatre and Property by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that in case the said Company of Proprietor* shall not contta& and agree with all the Persons inter tiled in the said ^Theatre, and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Inte-refrs within- the Term of Two Years from the passing of this Act, then, and in such Case, this Act and all the Matters and Things therein contained shall become null and yoid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and11 other Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Ell ate and traofmimble as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Enabling incapa-

IV. And be it further enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful d^e-d]^crfon, to to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Tr.ufiees, Canaatjttees, Executors and AdnunHlratora, and all other Trglfeet and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of tfcemselves, their Executory and Administrators, but also for tad on behalf of thefr Cef-tuiqut Trufis, whether infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, or any other Person under any other Disability or Incapacity wfot-soever, who is, are or shall be pofiejQCed of, interested in or cetided unto any Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Right, Title, Ioterect, Debt, Claim or Demand, out of, m, unto or upgo the said late Theatre Royal Drury Lane* or the Patents, or ether Property thereunto belonging, Or unto any Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments or Premises, to fell, assign, release, discharge, transfer and convey the same, and every Part thereof, for such Sum of Money, Consideration or Compensation, as such Person or Persons shall agree to take or receive, for or in lieu of the same to the said Company of Proprietors; and that all such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration or Compensation, shall be paid unto and received by such Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, and shall be

Vrovlfo.

Shares to he PerioiMil Jfcitite

release Shares, See. in die late Theatre;

50° GEO. III. C. cexhr.

S*7

nidippUcd, settled, limited and veiled by Kim, her or them, to, for and updo the same Trails, Settlements, Interns and Purposes, and in the same manner as inch Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, hiortgage. Right, Title, Interest, Debt, Chwn or Demand, which fe>R be so foldv assignedj releaicdt di£diivgedf transferred or oon* weyed, as aforesaid, stood settled, limited or veiled, or such of them at at the time of nutkfer such Assignment, Release, Difckargt,

Transfer or Conveyance mall be exiting, undetermined and capable, of.taking effect, or as near thereto a* may be; and that every 8eWf Alignment, Conveyance, Transfer, Release and Difebarg* of fdch Psoperty, Shire, Annuity, Rent Charge, Mortgage, Right, Title, Interest, Debt, Claim ojr Demand, or of any Meffoages, Lands, Hereditaments or Fremtfet, which shall be made or executed by such Person or Persons hereby authorized a* aforesaid, shall be good and dfe&ualin the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same Felpectively shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, Collegiate, or other Person or Perfects who shall, by virtue of this Act, nave fublcpbfd or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their relpefUve Sucdrssors, Executors, Administratora and Aligns, feall have a Vote in; the several Assemblies, to be holden as herein after, appointed for carrying, on the said Undertaking, for such Share or Shews; and if possessed of Three Shares to have Two Votes, if of Sis Shares to have Three Votes, if of Ten Shares to have Four Votes, and if of Fifteen Shares and upwards to have Six Votes; and every Question, Matter or Thing which shall be proooofed, dtf-cvfled or Cpnfideved in aqy General or Special General AflemWy of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Six Votes in the Whole for eaeh Proprietor as afore-fefed, provided that the Members present be -possessed of not lese than One hiuuked Shares; and every Qarfion. Master or Tiling which shall be paojposed, difeuffed or con&fere<l in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes, then pbefent in the manner Morbid..'.

VE And be it further enaffect, That the First General Affetnbly of the said Company -of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at such Time and Place as the Committee bemn-after appointed feall divest, within Sixty Days after the passing «f ttos Ad, or as fbon after as conveniently may be, bet ween the Hours of Eleven in the IWenoon, and Two in the Afternoon 5 and the Second General Meeting of the said Company shall be held at such Time and Plane within Sixty Days next after the holding of the Pirl General Meeting as the Committee shall appoint; and at such General Meeting, a htU and distiaft Statement of the Arrangements trapefed by the Committee, and assented to by the Claimants and the neprietOia of the late Drury Lane Property, shall be submitted to the said General Meeting, for their Content and Approbation 5 and any Subscriber disagreeing from such Statement, shall be at Liberty to withdraw his Subscription, and relinquife all Share and Interest in the Undertaking; and in case the Place of such Subscribers so

with*

Sabferfl>eri to have Votes according to the Number of their Shares, not to exceed Six Votes*

First General Assembly of the Proprietors.

A distinA Statement of Arrangement proposed by Committee to be laid before Proprietor*.

C. ccxiv.

A.D. 18i*.

5*V

50° GEO. III.

IVp-'.etors tt their Assemblies may apj»oiiit a ChiuiiEAn.

k Committee ot Proprietor* Appointed.

Names of Comiuitie«f.

Chairman.

withdrawing shall not be filled up By new Subscriptions, or taken by the remaining Subscribers within Two Months from the Date of such General Meeting, or in case no such General Meeting shall be held, or if no such Statement shall be made to such General Meeting, then in the said Cases the whole of this Act shall become null and void, and the Overplus (if any) of all Depoiits or Advances shall be returned to the respective Subscribers, aftg; deducing all Expences ia obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, out of such Depoiits or Advances, and thereupon the whole of the said Arrangements under the Order of the Court of Chancery, shall be revived and be ailed upon in such and the like manner as if this Att had not been made, but in case of the above Subscription being filled on the Terms and in the manner above mentioned, then all future General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, except such Special General Assemblies as shall be convened by the Committees for particular Purposes, shall be held annually between the Hours of Eleven in the Foreuoon and Two in the Afternoon, at such Days and Places as the Committee herein after appointed for the time being shall direll; of which First and every future General A (Tembly and Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice, at lealt, shall be given by publick Advertisement, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and Three or more Newspapers, and in such other manner as the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall direll; and that the said Company of Proprietors, at such their respective General or Special Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, who shall not oaly vote as a Proprietor, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have a calling Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better forwarding the Purposes of this Act and the Interefi of the said Company, there shall be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable Cavendish Bradshaw, the Honourable Kinnaird, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Samuel Whit

bread, Peter Moore, liarve^ Christian Combe, William 4dam, Richard Sharpe and Richard W'tlfon, Esquires, shall be the First Committees Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Contract, Engagement or Employment respecting the said Building shall be capable of being ele&edor of serving upon such Committee during the time of his Continuance iq such Contrail, Engage, ment or Employment for the said Building, nor unless he shall pofiks' or hold in his own Right One Share in the said Undertaking; and that the said Committee shall and may, at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their laid Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee; and that no Member of any Committee shall have more than one Vote upon any Question that' may be agitated in the said Committee, except in case of, an Equality of Votes, and in that Case the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote, although he may have given one Vote before; and that the said Committee shall be authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding Eleven to^ the said Committee, and that Three of the said Committee, namely, Samuel Whithread, Peter;

Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, Esquires, shall be the Trustees who shall appoint the Banker or Bankers where the Theatre Subscription Account shall be held; and the said Committee are hereby;

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccxlr. 529

[Proviso.]

authorized and directed cither eolleftively or by appoint in g select Committees out of their <»wn Number for the different Purposes herein after mentioned, if it should appear to them the preferable Mode of executing the same, to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compensation with the several Claimants on the said Property* and to determine upon and felcft the Plan for rebuilding, and to- make Contracts and Bargains for erecting the said Theatre as herein after is mentioned, and also for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interests of the present Proprietors shall be made over to the said intended Company of Proprietors, and all other necessary Purposes: Provided always, that no Member of the said Committee having any Claim or Demand upon or Interest in the said Property, while the same shall remain unsettled, shall be competent to with'or vote in any Committee employed in settling the Terms and Compensation to be made to the said Claimants^ Par-tie* i/iterested; and that the Fifff Committee shall continue until Three Mouths after the Opening of the said Theatre, and shall then go out of Office in the Order and Rotation herein mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Committee Potrerof which shall meet under and by virtue of this Act are hereby authorized spid directed to form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, as shall seem bed calculated according to their Judgment to promote and maintain the Interests and Character of the Undertaking, and to meet the Expectations arid merit the Approbation of the Publick, such Plan to he submitted to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be specially called by Advertisements in the London Gazette, and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee shall think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the Opening of the said Theatre, such Plan to be adopted, altered or rejected by a Majority at such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veded in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, or any other Committee to be hereafter appointed, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Members present at the respective Meetings (the same having beert duly convened) the whole Number present not being less than Five; and every such Committee shall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies of, the Proprietors; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to such Orders and Regulations as herein mentioned), meet at such Times and Places, and shall and may from time to time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they at their respective Meetings shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee herein Empowering appointed, or any other Committee for the time b^ing to be ap- t.jnumu. ro pointed in pursuance of this Act, shall and may at their said Meet- nu

ings, contract and agree for and complete the Purchase of such Messuages, Ground, Property and Premises, and the Machinery,

Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, and other Articles and Things, as they at such Meetings shall' deem necessary for eresting, building, decorating, completing and mak; ng fit for Representation the said Theatre, and for arranging the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes may be let, should the said Committee find it advisable and expedient for the Completion of the Plan, and for making and finishing the surrounding Buildings, Avenues, Passages and 5° Geo. III. Mm Improve-

530 C. ccxiv. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 181 d.

Improvements to belong to the said Theatre; and for the several other Purposes in this Act mentioned; and also shall and may enter into and make Agreements, Contracts and Bargains with the Archi-te<fts, Surveyors, Workmen and other Persons, for erecting, build* ing and completing the said intended Theatre, Buildings, Improvements, Works, and the several other Purposes herein mentioned, and appoint an Architect, Surveyor, Secretary, Banker, Solicitor and other Officers and Servants, as they may deem necessary to the said Undertaking, with fitch Appointments, Salaries or Allowances, as such Committee shall think proper; and that the Committee now appointed, or any other Committee hereafter to be appointed in pursuance of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions herein mentioned) mall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized* at any of their Meetings duly convened, to use, put and affix the same to any Instrument, Deed or Writing which they shall deem necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution 5 and also shall have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors, and to direct and make the several Payments out of the Joint Stock of the said Company, which they at their said Meetings may deem necessary, and direct and order all or any of the several Purposes herein mentioned; and the said Committees are hereby authorized and di-reded to keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies which they shall from time to time pay, or order and direct to be paid, and ^or what Purposes, and also a full, correct and true Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they from time to time shall receive in respect of the said Theatre.

uhfcquent X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee so elected

Appointment of shall continue in Office until Three Months after the Opening of the < iontnittre (ly fcjd Theatre, and on such Day Seven of the said Committee shall go inriw Room^oi out ^lce an^ cease to be upon the Committee of the said Com-those quii." out PanY; anc^ order to determine who of the said Committee shall go of Office by out of Office and cease to be of the Committee of the said Company, Houiiuu. the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one difliud Pieces of Paper of equal Size the Name of One of the said Committee ou each of such Papers; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or'Wheel, and Seven of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such

Box or Wheel by such Secretary, one by one, and those Seven of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively x so drawn* shall go out of Office and cease to he upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Seven Members of the said Company, who shall severally be possessed and entitled to Three Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years ^except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this A A directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in the next succeeding Month of May after the Expiration of the said

TJuxe

C. ccxlr.

$ 3*

50° GEO. III.

Three Years, Seven more of th Committee first eieded by virtue of this Act as Part of the Committee, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be 9poo the Committee of the said Company, and in order to determine who of such Seven of the Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or fume Adjournment thereof, shal) and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of such of the Com-jnittee on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or \Vheel by such Secretary, and Seven of such Papers shall be then dr?wo out of such Box or Wheel by such Secretary one by one, and those of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and ceale to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company 'shall then elect, by Ballot as aforesaid, Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Seven of the Committee, and such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Year*, (except in case of Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or difpTaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Seven remaining Members of the Committee first eieded by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons eieded in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and the said Company shall, at their General A {Terribly, to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as aforesaid Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, Xo be upon the Committee of the said Company, in the Room or jStead of such Seven of the Committee going out of Office as last aforesaid; apd such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Offices for the Space of Three Years, (except in cafaof Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid,) and no longer; and on the First IVedntfday in every succeeding Month of May in each and every Year, Seven Persons out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be eieded by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee of the said Company; and such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to Sid, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors agaiu to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the said Committee; and in case, on any such First Wednesday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination aixi Appointment of such Seven Members of the Committee shall be made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First IVedr.sJday in Jwt following, for the Purpose of making such Election; and in

M m 2 case

In caff Cow-nultee njt appointed on Dap ircniiourd, another M*eVn

tu He hud for 'haJL Pur pole.

A.D. 1810.

S32

Subsequent Appointment of (ommirtec J>y Proprietors in the Room of ihofe who shall die, icfule to act, or become disqualified.

Auditors to be appointed.

Subsequent Appointment of Auditors.

C. ccxlv. 50° GEO. III.

case no such Nomination and Appointment shall be then made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First Wednesday following, for the Purpose of mak* ing such Election, and so tot'ies quoties until such Seven Members of the Committee shall be chosen; but such Seven Members of the Committee shall nut continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee, for any longer Space of time than if they had been elected on the First Wednesday in the Month of May as aforesaid; and until such Seven Members of the Committee shall be chosen^ the Seven Members of the Committee going out of their Office shall continue in Office, and shall enjoy the same Powers and Authorities as the other Members serving upon the said Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons elected by the said Company as a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company, shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to-be entitled to One Share at the least in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Contra^ or Employment, respecting the said Building, under the said Company, or being otherwise disqualified to act with or vote in any Committee as hereinbefore mentioned, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect, at the next General Assembly, or at some Special General Assembly of the said Company to he called for that Purpose, some Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee so dying or refusing to act, or ccafing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Contract or Employment respect^itig the building the said Theatre and Premises under the said Company; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead be or they shall be so elested, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee for such time and no longer as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they Audi be so elected would have continued in Office.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their First General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the same, deft by Ballot Two Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Company, and such Persons shall continue in Office until the next General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on the First Wednesday in the Month of May then next ensuing, but no Person shall be capable of being elested, or of serving as an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, unless he shall hold and he possessed of One Share at least in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being elested, or of serving as such Auditor of Accounts during the time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Auditors so elested, or the Person or Persons so elected in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the said First Wednesday in the Month of May next after such Election; and on

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. lib

S3I

such Day, One of the said Auditors (hair go out of Office and cease to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, and the same Provisions hereinbefore made and enacted in respect of the Election of Members to serve upon the Committee in the Room of those going out by Balht or Rotation, or who shall die, refuse to ad, or become disqualified, shall be applicable to the Election of Auditors of Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Auditors'of the Ac- t'owrr* of the counts of the said Company, shall and they are hereby empowered AuUiu»nk and required to meet at Come convenient Place Four times at the lead

in every Year, for the Purpose of examining the Accounts of the said Company, and at inch Meetings, all Accounts of Money received, laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Committees,

Treasurers, Receivers, Secretary, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by or concerned for or under the said Company, in and about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said Auditois to be audited and settled, e4ind the said Auditors shall cause a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts to be made out, which Statement shall be laid before the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for their Confirmation, and in order to der fray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Auditors shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted and settled by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and Proprietors not after the First General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Pro- entitled»v»ne prietor or Proprietor* shall be deemed to be qualilicd or entitled to JJJ?

vote who has or have not possessed his, her or their Shares, and Three Calendar

whose Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner Month*.

herein after directed in the Books of the said Company, as the Pof-

feflor or Possessors, and Proprietor or Proprietors of such Shares,

for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at

any General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committees may Committee shall have Power, and they are hereby required from time male Calls,

to time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to Share* forfeited and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, to defray the Ex- Aldv»n^M, pences of, or to carry on the same as they the said Committee shall 'lo i, e ta^en from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of of Forfeiture this Act, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds without Motion, for every Share, except as herein after mentioned; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Twenty one Days at lead from each other, and Ten Days Notice at lead shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid by Advertisement in Three or more of the London Newspapers, and in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint: Provided, that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any'Proprietor or Proprietors beyond the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her or their Subscription, he, (lie or they had undertaken to pay for his, her or thrii said Share or Shares; ax.d every

M m 3 Owner

534

C. ccxiv.

A.D. 1810.

go* GEO. III.

Penalty

Personal Notice ol Call.

Inserted in Lomlou Gazette*

Suhfcnl)€T$ to pay their Sub* {cTipt.o* f on Calls by the Committee.

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the h^onies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Committee shall from time to time order and direct: and if any Person or Persons shall negledfc or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid (except such Subscribers as shall have withdrawn themselves and their Subscriptions from the said Company at and within the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned) at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Twenty one Days next enfning, he, she or they so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound for every Share he, she or they shall have in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to ne-gle& or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then, and iri every such Case, he, fh£ or they so neglrding or refuling shall forfeit his, her or theiriefpec-tive Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all theiiprofits and Benefits thereof, and all Sum and Sums of Money which he, she or they shall have previously paid for or on account of the same, and save and except as aforesaid; all which Shares and Sum and Sum* of Money so forfeited shall be vetted in the said Company of Proprietors in trust for and for the Benefit of all the red of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, Ur shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Assemblies, ' be publickly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid; Provided neverthelef?, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be or be deemed to be incurred, save and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing signed by the Secretary or Secretaries to the said Committee, shall have been given to or left at the iaft or usual Place^ or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange of the City of London, or until such Notice shall be sent to or left at the iaft or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be Twenty Miles or upwards distant from the Royal Exchange in the City of London, tr«d in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Owners shall not be known to the Secretary or Secretaries of the said Committee, then such Notice shall be inserted once in the London Gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall and he, she and they is and are hereby requin d to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors

A.D. 1810. 50" GEO. III. C. ccxW; 53;

by virtue of and agteeatye tc*the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places and in such manner as shall be directed by the said Committee: and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place and manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought Proceeding in by the said Company of Proprietors against any Person or Persons Actions lor Cals, who hath or have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said. Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Gall or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall b£ sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owner3, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or \

Calls.of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as. the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only n6cessary to 'prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Cad or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking 5 and that such Call or Calls was or were in fad made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that Notice was not given as at ore said 5 and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (fayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with E fifed; and also if the said Judgment shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-pro (Ted, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Costs adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber Committee may or Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous allow Imereti to to pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Com- Proprietors on roittee, or of the Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to iaa, and on receive the same, the full Amount of his, her or their Subscription .1 j)'^ ()f or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares for which-he, she or they Subft-iiUv* may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, without waiting for the before Share* said Call or Calls to be made, then, and in such Case, it shall be law- comp'rtrd, 'heir ful for the said Committee to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers

so paying in advance as aforesaid, out of the Funds of the said Com- ma* WIU

M ai pany,

536

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 18id-

pany, Interest upon the Seim or SumOffb advan<*ed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount which such Payment in Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the time of advancing the same up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of such Call; and that if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die befote such Call or Calls shall have been made for the* full Sum or Sums to be advanced on -any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision, by Will or otherwise, how and in what manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed. of, or the Calls for the same paid, then, and in such Case, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Proprietor, so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees*, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of any such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Perfoqa whomsoever, for or on account of his, her or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee- or Committees, Guardian or Guar-Executon, &c. dians shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls for the Space of Three Calendar Months, after Notice in Writing, figtfed by the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or ufnal Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the.Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on condition that he, she or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of the Infant or Infants or, other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her or their Ef-

sects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors in his, her or their Lifetime by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for, and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid. Sham forfeited, then, and in every such Case, such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act. sw« may

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

he Rild., tO

relating to aniner Call.

Od nr Person* fuhnuted.

C. ccxir.

537

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

Form of Transfer.

to and for the said {everal Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned* the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in Form or to the Effect following; videlicet*

I of in

4. considerfction of paid to me by

of do hereby bargain, fell,

assign and transfer to the said.the Sum of

*.Capital Stock of and in the Theatre Royal

Drury Lane, being of my C>hare

> in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said

' Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to

the (ache Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Cor.ditions that I Held the same immediately before the Execution hereof,

and I the said da hereby agree to take '

and accept the said Capital Stock of Share of

subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Con-

ditiona. As witness our; Hands and Seals this Day of m. the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed.by the Seller or Seliers, and the -Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) fhidl be. kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers.for his, her or their Security, after the Secretary or Scpretaries to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have te-ftitied and endorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed, of Sale or Transfer, fur which no more thasr Five Shillings shall )}e paid, "and Fee. the said Secretary or Secretaries. is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memo- rial shall have been made and entered as above' directed, such Tur-chafer or.Purchasers /lnll have tn Part or Share of the Protits, of the -

said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share-or* Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any. Vote in respect thereof as a'Proprietor A or Proprietors of the Lid Undertaking*. '

XX{. And be it further.--enacted; - That after any Qdl of, such Xo f?har« shall Money shall have been-made by the said Comm: aye as aforesaid, no >»</', !'1 a, jrr a Person or Persons shall fell or transfer a; iy Share or Shares which f l, l^()ucy. he, flie or they {hull. poffcis in the said Unde: taking, on paid of for-.^1 feiting his, -her or their respective Sh; r£ gr Share* therein.to.the said Company of Proprietors, in trull for the Benefit, of -all the f<ud Pro- prietors, unless at the time of such' Sale or Transfer such Call or Calls shall have been paid and discharged to the Treasurer'of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire S.ufn of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or traiifi-'ferred, such Forfeiture neverthelnfs to be notified and declared at a General of Special General Assembly in manner before directed.

XXII. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of Xames of the said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it fur- Proprietor* and ther enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they N urn-»era of their are hereby required, at their hr ft, or as so.ou as conveniently may be,

at ' 1

53*

Book, and Certificates of thfc Number delivered to them.

Evidence*

General Saving.

Public WAdt

4*0. 9. c.cKx.

C. ccXIVr — eexvit. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

at some subseqijent General Assembly to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking* with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distiflguifhtd, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto; and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber au Demand* specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Certificate for each separate and distinct Share in case any Proprietor, of more than one Share shall request the same, every such Proprietor paying to the Secretary One Shilling and no more, for every such Certificate pr loft rumen t, and such Certificate or instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his* her or their Executors, Admmiftratork and Afsigna, to the Share or Shares therein specified 5 but the Want of fuqh Certificate or Instru-metit (hair not hinder or prevent' the Owner or Proprietor of aoy of the said Share or Shares from felling of disposing thereof-; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be ascertained to have been lost or destroyed, then, and in such Case, another Certificate shall be made out and entered by the Secretary on the fante Terms and Conditions as aforesai^.

XXIII, ' Saving always, to the King V Mo ft Excellent Majesty, hia Heirk and Successors, and tQ all" and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, hia, her and their respective Heirs, Suocefiors, Executors, Administratora and Assigna, all such "Estate, Rights Title and Interest as they, every -on any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to or but of the said late Theatre Drury Lane, or the Property thereunto belonging, dr any Claims or Demands thereon before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to hafve had and enjoyed -in case this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of es such by all Judges, Justicea and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ccxv.

An Act to alter and.amend the Lydney and Ltdbrook Railway Ad, to vaty certain Parts of the said Railway, and to extend the same from -Lidbrock to Bjhop's Wood, and from the Lower Forge to the Crop Ptilj and for making a Basin and Canal to communicate with the River Severn vx Nafs Pqint.

[21st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act for establishing a Chaoel of Eaffe at Tremadoc, in the Chapelry of 7-nyjcynhaiarnf in the County of Carnarvon.

[21st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvii*

Act for removing one of the Trustees of the settled Estates and the other settled Property of the Reverer.d Richard Bur (on Burton

PbiHipfo*

A.D. 1810.

50° CEO. III. C. ccxvli — ccxviii.

Phillip/en, and for veiling the same in other Trustees; and for enabling the High Court of Chancery -to appoint new Trustees.

(q. P.)

[2 1st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for disafforesting the Forest of South, otherwise East Bert otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton; and for kicloling the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[21st June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Kina's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right

of his Crown, is seised to himself, bia, Heirs ind Succef?

fors, of the Forest of South otherwise East Btre otherwise Bitrt in the County of Southampton? and also in his Demesne as of Fee y of and in Two Districts or Divisions of Land there, commonly called Purlieus within the same; which Forest is of considerable Extent, and the Waste Lands within the same, exclusive of the inclosed Lands, are computed to contain about Eight thousand

Acres, subject nevertheless to such Right of Common and other Rights as certain Persons called Purlieu Owners, and the Free-

holders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands and Tenements.

situate and being within the several Parishes, Townships, - Hamlets or Places of Soberton, Hambledon, Catherington, Blendworth,

Bedhampton, Kingston, Portijfaie otherwise Portsea, Farlington.

Wymering, Widley, Southwick, West Burhunl, Portchester, IVicor and Wickham, in the said County of Southampton, or foihe of them,

or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the time being, are entitled to, within, upon and over the said Forest: And whereas the said Forest is divided intot Two Walks, one called The East'

Walk, and the other called The West Walk, within which are several smaller Districts or Divisions of Land, commonly called Pur*

lieus, lying within the Regard of the said Forest, and appurtenant to Manors near and adjoining to the said Forest, besides the aforesaid Two Divisions belonging to His Majesty: And whereas.

His Majesty's said Demesne Lands consist of Three Parcels of Land, Two in the said East Walk, and One in the said Weil Walk, within the said Forest, and which do contain in the Whole,

in Statute Measure, Nine hundred and twenty nine* Acres and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, together' with the several Lodges and other Buildings and Erections in and upon the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, called or known by the names of The West Lodge, The East or Creech Lodge, and Bulls Lodge, and together also with all the Timber and other rlYees, Wood and Underwood.4 upon the same Pieces or Parcels of Demesne Land; and His Majesty is also intitled to the first Right of Feed and Pasturage <Jver the whole Regard of the said Forest for the Vert and Feed of His Majesty's Deer: And whereas Thomas Thifilth way te Esquire is Hereditary Warden of the said Forest, and in right thereof is entitled to certain Privileges and Patronage within and over the said Forest, to him, his Heirs and Assigns, so long as the same shall remain a Forest, upon certain Conditions expressed in the Grant of such Office: And whereas the said several other smaller Districts,

called Purlieus, belong, or are claimed to belong to the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Win hcjler, the Right Honourable Lord Stowe!, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Powerscourt, the I 4 Right

A.D. 181 o*

540 C. ccxviii. jo° GEO. ilL

Right Honourable the Earl of Portsmouth, the Wardei and Soho-

lars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester % near Winchester*

the said Thomas ThijilethwaytCy the Reverend Samuel Clarke Jer-

voise, Elizabeth Guitton Widow, Charles William Taylor Esquire, Sophia Leekt Widoyv, John Hornby Esquire, Paul Minchin Esquire, George Gamier Esquire, James Amyatt Esquire, and other Persons, of different Extents and Proportions, as their own respective Demesne Estates, together with all the Timber and other Trees and Underwoods upon the same respectively; but subject to such Right of Feed for His Majesty's Deer, and to Common Rights as afore-

- 4 said: And whereas the Boundaries, Perambulation or Regard of the said* Foreit extend over the said several Parishes, Townshipi or Hamlets or Part thereof, of Sohertony Hamlledon, Catheringtori, EUndworth, Bedhampton>' Kingston, Portijfaie otherwise Portsea, Farlington, Wymering, Widley, Southzuick, Wrjl Bur hunt, Portchester, Wicor and Wickham, or some of them: And whereas 41C. 3. (U.K.) 4 an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His c. 109. 4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one A3 cer-

lain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclrfure; and for facilifating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts And whereas the Waste Lands of the said Forest were heretofore of great Value and Utility from the Timber and Underwood thereon, which of late Years have been very much.4 injured, and in many Parts totally destroyed, and the Soil thereof,

in its present uncultivated State, is but of small Value, either to His Majesty or to the other Persons interestd therein, but from its Contiguity to His Majesty's Dock Yard of Portsmouth, if the said Forest were, disafforeded and tht; Open Commonable Lands .4 within the same were divided, allotted and inclosed, and if the present Demefncs of the Crown and the Allotment to the Crown,

as herein after mentioned, were set apart for the Growth and Ptefer-vation of Wood and Timber, the lame would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and to the Publick in general, as

well to the several Persons having Property ami Rights in the said Forest: And whereas it hath been {lipuldicd by and between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'*

Treasury, with the Advice of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, for and oil Behalf of His Majesty and the said Thomas 4. ThiJllcthwaylCy and the said several Persons called Purlieu Qvvmrsy that the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for disafforesting the said Forest, and Loss of Privileges and Patronage as aforesaid, and obtaining His said Majesty's Consent, and the Consent of the said Warden to the passing this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, should be as follows, (videlicet) $ All those Pieces or Parcels of L?.nd within the West Walk* one Piece whereof being Part and Parcel of the District commonly called the Purlieu belonging to the Earl of Portsmouth, within the said Walk, con-4.taming One hundred Acres, abutting Noith on the said Demcfue Lands of the Crown, within the said West Walk, South ou the Allotment next herein after mentioned, East on the Land called the*Purlieu -of the Earl of Portsmouth, and West upon the said Dc« 4 mesne Lands of the Crown 111 Part, and in other Part on the fan*c 4 next herein after mentioned Allotment; one other Piece, containing One hundred and fifty Acres, being Part and Parcdof the Lar*d

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccrviii.

called the Purlieu of the said George Gamier, abutting North in«Part on the same DemeTne Lands of the Crown, and in other Part

on the said la(l mentioned Allotment, South on the Land called the

Purlieu of the said Lord Viscount Ponverfcourt, East on the Land

called the Purlieu of the said Earl of Portsmouth, and West on the Land called the Purlieu of the said George Gatnier; and also

all those Pieces or Parcels of Land in the East Walk, one Piece

whereof being Part and Parcel of the Land'called the Purlieu be-

longing to the See of Wmthjler, in the said East Walk, containing Two hundred and thirty live Acres and Thirty seven Perches, abutting North and East on the said Land called the Purlieu belonging to the said See of Winchester, South on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte, and West on the; 4 said Demesne Lands of the 'Crown in the said East Walk; one other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called thq Purlieu of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte in the said East Walk, containing Fourteen Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, abutting North on the said: Demesne Lands of the Crown, South on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thyffletbivayte, East on the said last mentioned Allotment, and Wtdl on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte; and all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land in the said East Walk, one Piece whereof being Part and Parcel of and belonging to the Land Called the Purlieu of the said See of Winchester, in the said East Walk, containing Seventy-three Acres, and bounded as follows, on the North by the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, on the South by the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijlletkwayte, on the East by inclosed Lands at Hipley, and on the Well in Part by the inclosed Lands of the said Thomas Thifllethwayte, and in other Part by the inclosed Lands of die 'feid John Hornby, and the other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, containing Twenty seven Acres, bounded on the North by the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, South upon the said last mentioned Allotment, East upon the said last mentioned Land called the Purlieu of the See of Winchester, and West upon the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thifllethwayte; which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land contain together Six hundred Acres: But inasmuch* however, as the said Forest cannot be difaftorested, nor the other Purposes before mentioned effected, without the Aid and Authority '.f Parliament: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Bain-bridge, of Guildford Street, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, William Pearce, of Craig1 s Court, in the City and Liberty of We/iminster, Gentleman, and George Barnes, of Andover, in the County of Hants, Land Surveyor, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed in manner, herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Open Common ible Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, except the Six hundred Acres hereinbefore mentioned and described, and for carrying

into

541

Commissioner*.

54*

C. ccxviiu

A.D. 1810.

4] G. 3. (U.K.) C. 109.

For appointing new Commit-boner*.

So* GEO. III.

into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such man* ner as is herein after provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act 5 And that all Acts, Matters or Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters and Things had bees done and executed by all the Commissioners herein nominated and appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said William Ptarcet or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Bishop of Winchester for the time being, and the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College, of Winchc/hrf near Winchester, and their Successors for the time being, by any Writing under their Common Seals, within One Month after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, by Notice in Writing, ligned by any of the said Commissioners, to be left at the usual Plate of Abode of the said Lord Bishop and at the said College, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Divisioa and Inclosure) to be a Comraifijoner in the Room or Stead of the said William Pearcey or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead so dying or refuiing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and* so from time to time, as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Lord Bishop and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks as aforesaid, dial] die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said Thomas Ba\nbriige, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner irt his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act and of the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners^ interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchester for the time being and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks) who shall at* tend by themselves or by their Agents or Proxies at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose at the Golden Lion in Southwici aforesaid, (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the least and of the Purpose thereof shall be given by Advertisement, signed with the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, in the Salisbury> Portsmouth and Winch cjiir Journals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers piiuted or circulated in the said County of Southampton) to nominate, elect, and appoint by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room

A.D. 1810.

C. ccrrlih

543

50° GEO. III.

or Stead of the said Thomas Bainbridge or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, id dying or refuting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and Co from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Purlieu Owners shall die, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said George Barnes, or any Person to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, shall die or refuse to ad, of become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained according to the Land Tax Assessment for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors 6f Land and Hereditaments within the said Several and re-ipedive Parishes and Places entitled to any Right of Common in, over or upon th.e said Commonable Lands and Grounds (other than and* except the said Lord Bishop of W'mchtjlery and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Sucoessors and Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, to whom other Powers of Nomination are hereinbefore given, and their respective Heirs, Successors and Assigns) who shall be present in Person, or by theic respective Agents or Proxies duly authorise! for such Purpose, at a Meeting to be balden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertisement shall be given by any Five or more of such Owners and Proprietors in the Sa/i/bury, Portsmouth and Winchester Newspapers, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers circulated in the said County of Southampton, shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the.Hands of the major Part in Value of them the said Owners and Proprietor* and Agents ot Proxies aforesaid, a proper Person or Persons not interdled in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commis-honer in the Room or Stead of the said George Barnes, or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of him so dying, or refuting to ad or becoming incapable of acting as* aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such Case or Cases shall happen; and every. Commissioner.so to be nominated and.appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the * Oath prescribed in.that behalf, have the like Power and Authority, for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be fubied and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be* it enacted, That if the said Lord If Purlieu Bishop of Winrhrjler> and the said Warden arid Scholars Clerks for Owner*, &c. the time -being, or the said Persons commonly called Purlieu Own- ne^le&toap-erey or the said Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, either or P1!1"1 "*w any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and ap- JJ"e preCbribeKl*pointing any new'Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and ap- time, thea£u»£ pointed by him and them respectively as aforesaid, within the respect Gwumissioner* to live times for that Purpose limited and in manner aforesaid, then, make such Ap. and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fur- Pomtaieut* viving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands or hi? Hand, within One Month next after the Expiration of such respective Times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner* as aforesaid, to nominate and

544

C. ccxYiii.

Commisslonm n*g!e£Hn^ to attend Meetings co»fj(lrrf»tl as a Kciu&l lo act.

A Stirepy^ror

Surveyor* to he appointed.

50° GEO. III. A.D. 18190.

appoint a proper Person (not intenefted in the said Dinsion and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refuting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner io nominated and appointed shall, after taking and ftibfcribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules; Regulations and Reltridions, as if he had been originally nominated*a Commissioner in-and by this Act.

IV. Provid-.d also, and be it enacted, That if arty of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, shall refuse or negle'd to attend at the first Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying, this Adjnto / Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking and substrlbing-the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, 'or if any of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said first Meeting wilfully absent himfetf from any Three following successive Meetings appointed to-be holden by virtue of this -Act, Or having been absent from Two successive Meetings* shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known. tQ him, either by his being prefept at the Appointment thejeof*or'Notice thereof irt Writing having been given'to him or lefV, at-his last or usual Place of-Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners,; and 'such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness of other reafostable Cause, to be allowed by the other-.Commissiorters, from attending qr continuing at/speh Meetings; or.if any CommTlJoiier. to be nominated and appointed fir m^nner.by this Act directed shall not attend and qualify hitrtfelf to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this A it, at the First Meeting of the said Comm ifiiojifers after his Nomination or Appointfnent, 6r shall thereafter; wilfully absent bim-self from Three following successive Meetings to' be' holden by virtue of this Act, or having been/ absent from Two successive; Meetings shall-n6t attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such -Meetings being known tp lum, either by his beidg present at the Appointment; thereof or Notice thereof in Writing having been-given to him, or left at his last qr usual Place of Abode by the Clerk, of Clerks. to the said Commissioners, anditich Commissioner not being prevented by Sickoefs oc other teasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioner^, fronv attending or continuing at such Meetings; then apd in every of such Cases such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, as-soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their. Hands and.Seals, to nominate and appoint fomc fit and proper Person or Persons (not interested in the fail intended Division ard Inclosure) to be a Surveyor Or Surveyors for the Purpose of viewing, surveying and measuring the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorised and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after such Nomination and Appointment, to view, survey and measure the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the same, and to describe and lay down the same by way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be

A.D. 1810.

C. ccXYliL

J4S

50° GEO. III.

annexed thereto shall be set forth the Number of Acres and Decimar

Pans of an Acre of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

and Grounds, and the federal Buildings and Encroachments made

thereon, and of what such Encroachments respectively consist, and the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the same

and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall. Survey to be de-

have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they Jj."erpJ.1he

shall by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands ap- certified oa

prize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place o^.

for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice

at the lead shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners, at

which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners present at such Meeting his or their Survey and Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the same with his or their Name or Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the same; and the said Surveyors shall take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Oath.

Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An AQfor disafforefling the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of South-

ampton; and for inclosng the Open Commonable Landi within the feud ForejlI have taken a true and exact Admeasurement and Survey of Part of the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds directed by the said Act to be inclosed, and of all the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the same, to the best of my Judgment and Ability; and that the Survey, Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, whereunto I have now set my Hand, are and do contain a just and true Description, Survey and Admeasurement and Account of such Part of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and of all the Buildmgs and Encroachment8 in and upon the same, with the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the same respectively, and that the same were made and taken by me according to the best of my Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, without Fayour, Affection or Partiality,

to any Person or Persons: And I do further swear, that I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several other Trails reposed in me as a Surveyor by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the said Commissioners to administer; and the said Oath when so taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said For eleftingnew Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid or either of them, or any Sweyor* in tt£i other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall die or refuse or neglect to act or become incapable of efting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then,

C.ccrviiL

A.D. 1810.

54*

50° GEO. III.

and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for die bid Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals* to nonti« nate and appoint some other tit and proper Person (not interested in the said Divisipn and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor so dying* refusing or negfecting to ad or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the find recited Act and this Act $ and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities* and shall be fulled and liable to the like Rules* Regulations and Restrictions as it he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Act* SaTveyortomakt

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently-may be the said Surveyor shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan as well of all Messuages* Cottages and Sckes thereof as of all Lands and Grounds in whatsoever Manor* Parish* To wo ship, Hamlet or Place the same are fit ante, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the same respectively are entitled to a Right of Commonage upon the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be indofed by virtue of this Act or any Part thereof save and except such Lands and Grounds as have teen already surveyed and are hereafter directed not to be again surveyed or planned) and shall esquire and find out and in and by the Survey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Reference to the lame, set forth a minute and exact Account of all and singular the Premises so surveyed* und the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof* respectively, thereby dilUnguiming such of the^Premises as are of Freehold Tenure from such as are of Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenures* and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenements are severally and respectively holden*

Proprietors pro-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ducing approved ful for any Person or Persons having in his, her or their Custody or

Surveys, &c. Possession any actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands

tol* called Purlieus, or of any of the Lands or Grounds in respect whereof

foe.them. the Owners or Occupiers of the lame are entitled to Rights of Common, to produce and deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans to the said Commissioners at such time or times as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners thereupon shall esquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering such Surveys, Maps and Plans respectively as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit* (which Uath the said Comnuflionera are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Survey* Map and Plan; and in ail Cases where the said Commissioners shall be finished that fitch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made* and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey (hut not otherwise) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the same over to the said Surveyors, with Directieas to infect and copy the same into the Sui> veys of the Lands called Pur!icust or of the Lands the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled td asy Right of Common* iestead of making a new Admeasurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so oomprifed and delicribed in the Maps and Plans aforesaid j and that the said Commifioners shall dUbw* pay and satisfy for such approved Surveys, to the Peifoa or Perfouto whom the same shall be*

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. £.ccrviil.

long', such Soon and Sntn* of Money as the said Commissioners fltaH think proper, out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act*

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which frail be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing and executing this Act, the said Commissioners and Clerks to the said Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers of this Act, shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, for each Day he or they shall be attending in and about the Execution thereof, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necefla'iy for that Purpose, the same to include and be in Satisfaction of all Costs and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which he or they shall be put to in executing the same; and that the Surveyors shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or the said reeited Ad, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings; and in such Cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Ad, Matter or Thing to be done or proposed to be dooe in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies, whose Acts or Votes shall be as efledaai ns if such Proprietors were present in Person.

X. And be it further entded. That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the Golden Lyon at Southwick aforesaid, on the Second Day of July next, or as soon after as Circumstances will admit t and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the several Churches or Chapels of Sober ton, Hamble dor*, Catktrington, Blendworthy Bedhambton, Kingston, PortifTaie otherwise Portsea, Far ling ton, Wymering, Wydiey, South wick, Wtfi Burhunt, Portchester, Witor and Wickham, and also a like Notice by Advertise->aest to be inserted in the Sa&shury, Portsmouth and Wm.chester Jour* uals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaperl tofumlly circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place of their first and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Act vested in them. Eight Days at least before the timet appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, mid to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case none of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day, Dot exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the same or some other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Forest, and the Commissioners or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof Co the absent Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all other Publick Notices jmquisite or neoeflary to be given by the said Commissioners shall be

N n 2 given

§4?

Compensation for lominiifiohers, Clrrks, and Suiw vejon.

Meetings and Notices thereof.

Other Notices how to he given*

54*

C. ccxviii.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

For shortening

Boundary

Fences.

Haims of Rights to be produced.

Power for Commissioners to settle Disputea.

Coomissionm not to determine Tide to EfUtet.

Power to assess Cofb relative to

given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said S*Jisbury % Port/* mouth and IVlneheJier Joumalj % if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapera usually circulated in the said County of Southampton.

All. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fence* between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the said respective Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the same Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (with the Con Cent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the said Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made) to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any ad* joining Parish or Parishes, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so let out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners in and by their Award shall order and direct, and the same shall for ever thereafter as between such Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes j any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or Interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by themselves or their Agents deliver their respective Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, expressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and, inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the same respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they shall assign and set out the Several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin or Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or respect whereof such Allotment shall be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners

C. ccxviii.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III.

shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Hifputea Ckim» Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance Objections. Of this or of the said recited Act, fee cause to award any Coils, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Coils and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the pub* tick Account for or towards the Expence occasioned in or relating to the invpfligating, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Comir.issioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Chje&ions shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled 5 and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so dif-crained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per- Parties may try fons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, intereded or d»cir>y claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Intereds whatsoever, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate io dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next Affixes, or at the Affixes following the next to be holden for the said County of South* rnmpton; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subie& of their Determination shall be of such a Nature as will affect the Persons in general intereded in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall and he, she or they is and are hereby re-.quired to name 'in Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto,

V file Common Bail, and accept One or mure Issue or ifrues whereby

No 3 such

'm

Or Detenu! na-

tt jn of Commissioners to be final.

In case of Death

of Parties before Actions brought, th* lame to be carried on and dr-fended La their

Names.

Persons in Possession not to be moleiked without due Giurfe of Uw.

C. eexvin. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby infilled oft may be tried and determined, such Fflue or Issuet to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or A&ioas shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions (Iiall be binding, final and conckifive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefe the Court wherein such Action or A&tou* (halt be brought shall set aside such Verdi& or Verdicts, and order a near Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdi A or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials in which the said Commissionera shall be Defendants; the Gofts and Charges payable by the said Commissionera in such Action or A&iont shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissionera touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or InterdU in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall, (in case such Determination shall not be so objected to, or being objected to, such Ao tion or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpose mentioned) be final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bo-dies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or A&iona, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such A&ioo or Actions against the Person or Persons fb dying, to bring the same within the time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissionera with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforefek^ to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIX. Provided aUb, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to amble the said Coomissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. ccxyuL

5 Si

of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachment) $ hut ia case the said Commissioners mail be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession* they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or otbnr due Course of Law.

XX. Provided always* and be it enacted, That no such Differ* TrUh net to enoe* Dispute or Proceeding* touching the Title to any Lands* Tene* ^fPew! d* ments or Hereditaments* dull impede or delay the said Commissioners T^tio" in the Execution of this Act* but the Division or Inclosure hereby^A^m directed to be made* shall be proceeded ia notwithstanding any such Difference* Suit or Proceeding} and the bud*Commissioners shall*

by proper Marks and Bounds* (et out the Lands and Grounds which mall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property* so that the same may be difUnguished from any other Lands and Grounds* and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons* Body or Bodies Pontick* Corporate or Collegiate* who upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit shall be entitled to the same.

XXI. Provided nevertheless* and be it enacted, That nothing Commissioners herein contained shall extend to preclude the said Commissioners from may adjudge adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Land* in Ql»nuynd virtue whereof any Person or Persons shall be allowed to have a

Right of Common upon the bud Open and Commonable Lands and c£nt Manages Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted or indofed* or any confidrred of Part thereof* but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby equal Valu*. authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and every such Lands respectively and rate and estimate the same at to them shall feetn just and reasonable* according to the real Value thereof for the Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value anting from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; and such their Judgment and Determination mall be bioding and condutise upon all Parties whotnsoever: Provided also* that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners or any of them to coaider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof* in respect of which any Right of Common shall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Building or Scite thereof* but the said Commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings and Scites thereof at an equal Value one with another* and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons* Trial of Ptrochiat

Body or Bodies Politick* Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider him- Boundaries by fell*, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determi- 10 Iffb* hair nation of the said Comnuflkmers* respecting the Limits or Boundaries Appnl

of any Parish* Manor, Township, Hamlet* District or Place upon

the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted and indofed* or of any Parish* Manor* Town-(kip, Hamlet* District or Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners* pursuant to the find recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and shall by Writing under their* his or her Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners* within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, of his, her or their Desire to have the same determined by an Issue at Law* instead of

A.D. 1810.

55a C. ccxYiiu 50° GEO. III.

an Appeal to the Quarter-Sessions, under the Provision of the last recited Act, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with such Determination, to hare the same ascertained by Trial of an I flue at Law under the Provision* of this Act in case of any disputed Right or Claim.

Taking Turf.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever (other than and except the said Persons called Purlieu Owners* or Owners of Soil respectively, for the Purpose of digging or searching for, and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Roads) then, and in every such Case, on due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath, which Oath the said Commissionerb are hereby empowered to administer, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Tensity. Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dif-

stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Coils and Charges attending such Distress and Sale} and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Cods, Charge* and Expences of obtaining and executingthis Ad.

Persons who have

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-enjoyeti Com- fons, being Owner or Owners of any Messuages, ancient Buildings

monage for or Scites thereof, Lands or Tenements, in whatsoever Manor, Pa-

c^Ted'ered* rish, Township, Hamlet, District or Place the same are situate, the

have a Right Owners or Occupier* whereof for the time being, have for Twenty

of Common. Years last pad had and actually enjoyed any Right or Rights of

Common, upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Ground* to be divided, allotted and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for or in respect of such Messuages, ancient Buildings, Scites, Lands or Tenements respectively, slave and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which such Usage shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than such U(age, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the same respectively, in the same Proportion as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively shall be entitled unto, regard being had to the particular yearly Value of their respective Estates, in respect whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to such Right «f Common: Provided never-theless, that the Provision last hereinbefore contained shall not any wife affect any Parishes, Hamlets, Places or Persons having or claiming Right of Common on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall claim under such Provision, if they shall be able to support such Claim independent of such Enjoyment, in case the same shall happen to be objected to or contested,

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxvlii.

50° GEO. III

553

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroach* Encroachments ments made on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, (ex- w teallouble. cept His Majesty's said Land} within the respective Manors or Places

in which the same are situate, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now lad past, and for which no Licence,

Cenfent or Grant shall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of such respective Manors, or Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of tho Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act* as if the same were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners powrr to turn shall and may turn or abate and flop up, or cause or order to be and stop Road* turned or abated and stopt up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way,

Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the said Old Inclosunes within the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections as in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and required in the Case of setting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter-Sessions as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVIL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotments for shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be Repair* of Road* after setting out public* Roads and Highways as by the said recited Act of the Forty first. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed, to set out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places within which the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed respectively lie, so much and such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, (other than and except His Majesty's said Lands and the said Six hundred Acres herein after directed to be veiled in and awarded to the King's Majesty, and to the said Thomai Thijllcthwayte in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the said Forest) for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs from time to time for ever of the

?ublick and private Roads and Highways within such respective 'arises, Townships, Hamlets and Districts; and the Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be vetted in such Persons as the said Commissioners shall allot the same unto.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissionen lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby em- empowrmi to powered to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs turn Waier-and Watercourses, within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to , ourfca-be divided, allotted and inclosed to be carried and conveyed in such Courses and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think tfecefiary and proper for the Purpose* aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Water-goiirfes, shall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Person

L»r*1 to be ibid for Payment of Expences.

Surplus produced by Sales divided between Proprietors in Fee according to their Interests.

C. ccrriii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

(m or Persons from sod into whose Land* the bme Kill be carried

or conveyed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Comniffionecw shall mark and set out such Part and Parti of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be dt- trided, allotted and inclosed (other than and except His Majesty's kid Lands, and the said Six hundred Acres (o herein after ve wed in and awarded to the King'* Majesty, and to the said Thomas ThtJHsihaparta in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the said Forest as aforesaid) as by the Sale thereof, will, in the Judgment of the said Cona-snissioners, raise a sufficient Sum of Money, to defray and discharge all the Costs, Charges and Ex peaces incident to and attending the obtaining and palfitig of this Act, and of preparing and tnralliitg the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and allotting the Lands sod Grounds to be divided, feneed, allotted and mdosed, by virtue of this Act. and of surveying, admeasuring and planning fad1 other Lands as shall by virtue of this Act be surveyed, vneafured mad planned, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their AJ-fe Fors, Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Persont to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the same, and all the Expences of formings completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and High* ways, to be set out by the said Commissioners as afo refold, and aO Other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper, and so from time to time as often as they shall think necessary, to fell by publick Sale by Auction, in the manner and subject to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act unto any Person or Pfersons, such Part or Parts of the said Opes Common* able Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they shall mark and set out and deem sufficient fee the Purposes a fore fa id, amPthe Purchase Mosey of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the said Com* mtlftoners, and the Rcoeipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for such Purchase Money, shall he a sufficsent DHcharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers for the same; and immediately after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Furchafev* the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land (o pnrohafed bj him, her or them, shall by virtue of this Act become vetted in built her or them, and his, twr and their rvfoedive Heirs and Aftns, in absolute Fee Simple, and shall be inclosed and held in Severalty, by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively as his, her or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners, and the kid Purchase Money kail be app&d in defraying such Charges and Expenses as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parte of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be sold as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than wiQ be required to defray such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, such Surplus Mooey shall ho divided and apportioned, between the Several Purlieu Owner* and

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxviil.

sss

50° GEO. III.

other Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby dimmed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, (except the Surveyors of the

Highways, in respect of their Allotments as Surveyors as aforesaid) in such Shares as shall be in proportion to such their respective Property, Rights and Interests $ and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allot* mats shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of sech Other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be

rlied ana dispofad of in maimer directed by the said recited Act of Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any PersonVr Persons Money sdranre* shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Ex- wi|h pences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the same I, ltcrdl*

Into Execution, every fu<A* Penba shall be repaid the lame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* out of the First Monies that shall be raffed or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act for defraying Inch Expences.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That m case any* of Personi drGrous the Persons interested in the said intended Divisioa and Indoiunr, p*y'*»sin shall ho de&rous of having the whole of their respective Shares and'#aw?P* Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, set out and al« Sale, lotted to them without any Abatement for or in respect of the Sales hereinbefore directed for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by them-schres or Agents signify the same in Writing to the said dommissioners at the time of delivering in their respective Claims as herttn-befoy directed, or within such time afterwards as shall be limited and prescribed by the said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and reauired to set out and allot to such Persons respectively, all such Shares and Proportions of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds as they would have been feverany^entitkd to under and by virtue of this Act, in case no Provision had been hereby made for Sale of any Part of the same Lands or Grounds, and without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever on that Account, and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, their Heirs or Aingns, for or in respea of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of Carrying this Act into Execution; the same to be paid and recovered in such and the same manner and under such and the same Powers and Authorities as herein after provided in respect to any Deficiency in the Monica to arise by Sale as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall give to the said Commissionera any Power to charge such Persons interested as aforesaid, with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Saks hereinbefore directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Monies to Surplus Ex-be raided by fetch Sale as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to pay and peiu-es of Aa defray all the Cods, Chams and Expences as aforesaid, then the°*

Deficiency bJ

C. QCXvHj,

A.D. 1810.

55*

50° GEO. III.

Deficiency shall be borne and paid by the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, or Persong interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, (except the Lord Bishop of Winchester and the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Sa; nt Mary College of W'tnchester near Winchester* and their respective Successors, and also except the Surveyors of Highways in respect of the Allotment* hereby directed to be made to them as Surveyors) in such Parts* Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons and at such times and manner as the said Commissioners shall in ?nd by their said Award, or by any other Writing or Writings* under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct and appoint, according to the Value of their respective Allotments in the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required from time to time and as often as they shall deem it necessary*and proper, either before or after the Execution of their said Award* to raise the Amount of such Deficiency, by a Rate or Rates accord-- fogty*d in case any such Persons called Purlieu Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share, Part or Proportion of such Coils, Charges and Expences, according to such Order, Di» redlion and Appointment as aforesaid, then, and in such Case* the same shall and may be levied and recovered iB manner directed the said recited Act

Allotment* to

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

ike King. passing of this Act there shall be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his and their own proper Demesne Lands and Estates, all and Angular the said Lands hereinbefore mentioned to be His Majesty's Demesne Lands, confiding of Three Parcels of Land situate and being in the East Walk, and West Walk aforesaid, and containing in the whole Nine hundred and twenty nine Acres, and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, and now distinguished from the other or remaining Lands, and also so much and such Part and T*arts of the said Open and Compionable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres, and mentioned to be stipulated between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the said Thomas ThiftU-thwayte and the said several Persong, called Purlieu Owners, as the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for dilaf-forefting the said Forest and Loss of Privilege and Patronage as aforesaid, as shall be awarded to the Xing's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by John Vernon of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex* Esquire, Nathaniel Kent of Craig9* Court, in the City and Liberty of IVefaninJIcr, Gentleman, and Abraham Purfioufe Driver of the Kent Road, Land Surveyor, their Umpire or any Two of them the Persons elected and chosen to arbitrate between His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas Thfllethwayte* together with all and singular Erections, Buildings, Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood Handing and being thereon respectively} and which said Lands and Hereditaments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Paf» ture and Turban, Common of Eftovers* ana other Rights of what

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. ccxviiU S57

Nature or Kind soever* of all and singular the Persons called Purlieu Owners* Freeholders* Copyholders, Lessees* Tenants and Inha* bitants of the said several Parishes* Townships, Hamlets or Places of Soberton, Hamble don, Catherington, Bluid<worth, Bedhamfion, King-Jion, Porlijfaie otherwise Port/ea, Farlirtgton, Wymering, Widley, South-wich, West Bur hunt, Portchester, IVicor and Wickham, and every of them* their Heirs, Successora and Assigns, and shall be made and kept by and under the Direction and Care of His Majesty's Surveyor General of Woods for the time being, under the Order

and Controul of the Lords of the Treasury, as Nurleries for Wood and Timber only* and for no other Use* Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enact^d, That the said Commissioners Commissioner* ti

shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many pri-^l

vate Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to His Majesty, Allouneni*his Heirs* Successors and Assigns, and nis Surveyor General of his

Woods, and the Deputy* Clerks and Servants of such Surveyor General* convenient Access to the same Allotments and to his laid Lands.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- to

ing of this Act, there shall be vested in the said Thomas Thijlle- "J. JT

tbwayte, his Heirs and Afligus (exclusive of any other Allotment pcllution oi hb* or Compensation to be made to him by virtue of this Act as Owner Rights as War-of the Soil, or for Commonage in respect of any Messuages, Cot- deaoi the Fuieft, tages, Scites, Lands or Tenements in his Possession or Occupation*

or his Tenants or Lessees) so much and such Part or Parts being the Rest and Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands ana Grounds hereinbefore described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres as aforesaid and mentioned to be stipulated between the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, and the said several Persons called Purlieu Owners, as such Consideration as aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Compensation to the said Thomas Thtfilethwayte for his Loss of Privilege and Patronage as such Warden of the said Forest upon difafforesting the same* as shall be awarded to the said Thomas Thifilethwayte, his Heirs or Assigns, by the said John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver, or any Two of them; and the same shall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the said Thomas Thijlle tbwayte, his Heirs and Assigns* freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Right of Common whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award of the Award inrolled. (laid John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver*

be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue* there to remain on Record* and shall afterwards be filed and preferred among ft the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, such Award or the Inrolment thereof to be produced* read and received in Evidence on all Occa-dons where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns* in respect of the Parts and Proportions of the said Six hundred Acres of Open or Commonable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore mentioned and described* and veited in them respectively under and br virtue of this Act.

5S«

Apportioning the I trveral Portion* to beat an equal Share in ihe King'* Allotment, and in Mr. Tluftlethwayte's, f"r disaffurefting Forest.

Lands to be appropriated building uf Qiajxrls.

C. ccxriii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1818

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby aotho* rized, empowered and directed to fever from the Lands called Pur* lieu* of each Person called Purlieu Owner, whose Lands shall not have contributed to the said Six hundred Acres hereinbefore di*. reded to be awarded to the King* Majesty and the said Thomas Thijlkthwayte, as such Consideration as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of his, her or their Land or Laods respectively, or otherwise make such a Compensation as will be a proportionate Con* ^deration to and as much as such Person Purlieu Owner ought in the Judgment of the said Commissionert to bear and contribute to* wards making good unto the said other Persons called Purlieu Owners out of whose Lands called Purlieus, such Six hundred Acres shall be so taken and made to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Thomas TbsfLthwayli, his Heirs and Assigns respectively, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and allot the same in like manner as if the same Six hundred Acres had originally been taken in rmiil Shares from every Division of Land called Purlieu within the said Forest, in order to do equal Justice to all the Owners of such Lands.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the said Forest shall have been completed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to separate and set apart such Pieces or Parcels of the Said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and tudosed, and in such Place or Places in the same as they Audi think proper (other than and except His Majesty's said Lands and the Said Six hundred Acres so directed to be awarded to the King's Majesty and the said Thomas Thifile thwayte as aforesaid) as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to Ten Acres, at the Average Value of the same Lands and Grounds, and to allot and award the said Ten Acres unto and for the fad Lord Bishop of Wincheftety and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks for the time being, Thomas Thifllcthwayte Esquire, and Georgs Gamier Esquire, to Ire respectively held and enjoyed by the respective Persons aforesaid, and their Successors and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons as may be duly appointed to Serve as Minister or Ministers of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, consecrated and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecclesiaittcal of this Realm, within the said Forest, for the Use of such Person and Persons as may from time to time inhabit Houses upon the said Forest $ and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minister or Ministers to such Chapel or Chapels shall be and is hereby vested in the said Lord Bishop of Winch rRcr, and the fad Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Successors for the time being, such No* mi nation and Appointment to be made by them alternately, the First Nomination and Appointment to be made by the said Lord Bishop of W'tnehefer, and his Successors for the time being; and untfl a Chapel or Chapels shall be so built and consecrated, and a Minister or Ministers thereof duly appointed and licensed by the said Lord Bishop, the Rents, Issues and Profits of such Pieces or Parcels of

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxviii.

50° GEO. III.

559

Land as aforesaid shall be by the said respective Trusteet thereof, placed out at Ioterest on Government Securities, and the Principal and littered Monies arising or to arise from such Rents and Profits Dull accumulate and be applied towards discharging the Expencet of building any Chapel or Chapels, and House or Houses which may hereafter be erected and buik within the said Forest for the Residence of the officiating Minider or Miniders of such Chapel or Chapels, and for the increasittg of the Stipend or Stipends of any Minider or Miniders who may be so nominated and appointed to officiate in such Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, or purchasing Lands for his or their Use as Glebe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment* to and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to P"1*!11 Owner set out and allot unto and for each and every Person called Pur- ^<^9jrtters lieu Owner (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors) who shall appear to be enthral to the Soil of any Part of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and incloted (exclusive of any other Allotments or Compensation to be made to him, her or them respectively, by virtue of this A d for Commonage* in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scitea, Lands or Tenements hi his, her or their respective Possessions or Occupations, or his, her or their respective Tenants or LeiTees) so much and such Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be indofed within his* her or their respective Portions of Soil as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Third Part of the same respectively, prior to any Allotment being made thereout as afurefwd, in lieu of and as a full Compensation lor all Right of Soil of such Person called Purlieu (

Owner or Owners in or to the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and indosed, due Regard being had by the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality and Situation of such Allotments; and such respective Third Parts shall be for ever hdd and enjoyed in Severalty by the said several and respective Persons or Purlieu Owners, and Owners of the Soil, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Rights of Common whatsoever.

XLI. And whereas the Six hundred Acres of Land.hereby vested Allotments ia in His Majesty, being taken out of different Parishes, the Persons lieu of Tubes, entitled to the Tithes of such Pariftes may be injured thereby; Be it therefore enacted, That out of the said Open and Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided and hxloled. Allot menu stall be made to the Persons entitled to the Tithes of such Pariftes of so much Land, and as stall be, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, a full Compensation for such Injury.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Refold* allotted stall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to let out and to Persons en-mllot the Rendue of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds 40 Com* respectively to and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to mocaSc* Conmonage in, over or upon the same respectively, or any Part or Pwts thereof respectively (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) in proportion to the real Value of their firveral and respective Messuages or Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be indofed in, -over or upon

V-

5$o

Riel* to Titlies n<i to be prejudiced.

After Allotments made Ki^his of ( ommoa to ceaie.

Rights of Common may be suspended or ext iugui flied before the Execution of the Award.

Owner* of Common Rights may have their Allotment* laid to* gather.

C* ccxviiL 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

which their respective Rights of Common shall attend, due Regard being had in settling th# Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprised therein; and shall alto set out and award every Person's Allotment as near to hi» Messuage or Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lands and Tenements in respect wheveof he is or shall be entitled to Right of Common as conveniently may be.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall eatend or be construed to extend so as to prejudice, lefTen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the several -Redors, Vicars and Lay Impropriators for the time being of the said several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places of Sober ton, Hambleton, Catberington, Blcndworth, Bedhamfton, King-fan, Portiffaie otherwise Porlsea, Farlmgton, Wymcring, Wydley, South wick, Wcfi Bur hunt, Portchefar, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whom foe ver, in or to any Tithes great or small arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the same several Parities, Townships, Hamlets or Places respectively 5 but that such Great and Small Tithes shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after aH the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked or flaked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever which the said Purlieu Owners and other the Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time all Right of Common whatsoever in or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any time before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the several Churches or Chapels to each Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in or over the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such. Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or Exercise thereof to be fu£ pended as aforesaid, shall from the time mentioned in such Writing cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Qjpen Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxvlfl.

50° GEO. III.

5*f.

to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights belonging to such Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, should be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, and shall exprelV such their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then* and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to let out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in One Allotment, and such Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in their said Award.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Allotments to be said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of delineated in a the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the re- ftlcwa

spective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to 10 such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of the Day or Days, and Place where all Persons interested mav peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule so far as the same relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at lead, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections again It such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections, and their Determinations in the Preroifes, as to Quantity and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Persons called Purlieu Owners, or other Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, hath fold or shall at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the said Award, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over and upon the said Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest and Property fold; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Land and Ground so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner, pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the same in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property, had been veiled in such Vendee at the time of making such Sale as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be CoannKTionew lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on of TfurY<m* behalf of His Majesty, to agree with and to purchase from any of po*1t P*-she other Persons called Purlieu Owners, or any other Person or jo Geo. III. O o Persons

Sale of Allotments before Execution of Award.

56 % C. ccxvllu5o9 GEO. III. AD>i8i<*«

Persons who shall he entitled to any Allotments of Land under this Act, all or any Part of their respective Lands, or the additional Allotments to be made to them under this Act, for the Use of the lame to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in his and their Right as of Fee; such Lands so purchased to be inclosed and appropriated* in the same manner as His Majesty's Lands and Allotments under this Act, to the Growth and Preservation of Timber.

Allotmenti to

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the federal Outermost

be fenced. Dr Ring Fences of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted to the Lord Bishop of Winchester, and to the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Stunt Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their respective Successors, and to the several Rectors and Vicars or other Mmiflers of the said fereral Parishes, haring Rights of Common in respect of their fereral Glebe Lands and their Successors, shall be properly planted with good Quicksets and guarded on each Side with a double Row of Oak, Ash or Elm Pods and Rails, and a sufficient Ditch on each Side shall be made in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, without any Deduction or Deductions from such Allotment or Allotments* so to be made to the said several Persons entitled thereto, their respective Successors or Assigns, ' or any of them, on account of such Expences; and all such Fences, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons, who for the time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments 5 and ill Fences in pitrfuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and.Grounds shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

Fmviso for His L. And be it further enacted and declared, That His Majesty* Rights Rights of Forest, within and over the said Forest of South otherwise ui rt-gard toD«es. j?afi otherwise Bier, shall remain and continue vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force for the Protection of Deer, and for punching Persons guilty of any Offences in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in Force and Effect for the Protection of His Majesty's Deer within the Regard of the said Forest, and for the Punishment of Offenders therein, until such timet as the said Commissioners shall appoint; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to -be allotted, divided and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be actually inclosed and die Fences thereof completed before the First Day of June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, then, and in every such Case, it fltaH be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and hill any Deer within such Allotment, without being subject to any Pain, Penalty* or Punishment for so doing.

Forest

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fir&

afteefttd. Day of Juno One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all Right of Soil and Game of Deer, and all other Torsftial Rights and Privileges

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxriil.

50° GEO. III.

563

legef whatsoever of the King's Majesty, his Heifs and Successors* and his or their Lessee or Le(Tee89 and of all other Persons whom, soever, within, upon and over the said Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bter % or the Regard thereof, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished; and the whole of the said Forest shall be disafforested to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen shall CommiflVmm»and they are hereby required to value all Timber of every Descrip- ra, ue tion whatsoever, and all Underwood, Bushes, Hollies and Thorns,

Heritors and Standils, which shall be standing or growing upon the said Six hundred Acres which shall be so awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas Thijlkthwayte, his Heirs and Assigns respectively as aforesaid, and also upon all the other Parts of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, except His Majority's said Lands which shall be taken from the present or former Owners thereof and transferred to or allotted to any other Person or Persons at the time of such allotting and dividing as aforesaid and to direct under their Hands, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, and by whom, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, or his, her or their Lessees or Tenants, for the Timber, Underwood and Bushes,

Hollies and Thoms, Heritors and Standils, which shall be standing and growing on any Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres so to be awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Thomas Thijilcthwayte, his Heirs and Assigns, or any of the Lands so to be transferred or allotted to any other Person as aforesaid; and to call upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafunr, for Payment of the Amount of so much thereof as shall be the Value of the same, upon such Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres, as shall be so awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and who are hereby authorized and directed to pay the same; and in case any Person or Persons shall make Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money at any time or times appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, (except such Part thereof so hereby provided for and directed as aforesaid) then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: Provided Phmfa» always, that in case any Person or Persons on whose Allotment or Allotments any such Timber or other Trees shall be standing or growing as aforesaid, shall not be willing to purchase the same, or shall not pay the Money so directed to be paid for the same at such time as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well as the Purchasers of such Timber, with Hoifes, Cattle and Carriages to enter into and upon the Lauds and Grounds whereon such Timber or other Trees shall be standing and growing, and to cut down and carry away the same, and the Money arising by such Sale shall, after dedudHng the necessary Charges of cutting down and felling the find Timber, be applied and disposed of in the same

564

Application of Monies payable to Bishop of Winchester arising from Timber.

Application of other Monies.

41 G. 8. (U.K.) 1.109.

Provife.

Onaaoifficmers to allot in Exchange.

C. ccxviiu 50° GEO. III. «. A.D. 1810.

manner as fa before directed in case the said Timber had been pud for as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (Kail and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of WincheJUr, and his Successor8, from time to time to pay and apply all of any Part of the Money which shall or may be paid to or received by him or them, or which he or they may be entitled to in Right of the Sec of Winchester, as the Value of and for any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which shall be purchased, or taken from him and them, and conveyed, transferred or allotted to the King's Majesty, or the said Thomas Thiflletbwoyte, or any other Person or Persons, under and by virtue of this Act, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the See of WincheRer, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax, affecting any Living or Livings, in the Patronage of the said See of Winchester.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to be received by all other the Purlieu Owners Jother than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchester and his Successors for the time being) for any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, pursuant to the Clause for the Valuation thereof as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be paid for as follows; videlicet, the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee-simple of and beneficially interested in their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively, and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Trustees for Sale of the Lands in respect of which their Allotments shall be made and of the Timber ana other Trees and Underwood thereon, with Power to give sufficient Receipts and Discharges for the Monies to arise by Sale of such Timber and other Trees, and Underwood, shall be paid to such Trustees respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first ear of the Reign of His prefer! t Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or HerediUu ments, to be settled to the same Uses.

LV. Provided always, and bo it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to restrain or prevent any Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, prior to any Allotment or Allotments being made to him, her or them by virtue of this Act, from felling or cutting down any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which shall be (landing, growing or being On the Land called Purlieu or respective Purlieus of each of such Owner or Owners, and of carrying away, felling or disposing of the same in such and the like manner, in all respects as he, me or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in whatsoever Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets or Places, the same are situate, the Owners whereof

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

A

C. ccXVlil.

56s

are entitled in Right or in respect of the same to any Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within any of the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, in which the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds respectively lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining ParHb, Hamlet, Township or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained. Specified and declared, in the said Award of the said Commissioners or some other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprie* tors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Comorate or Collegiate, or a Tenant Or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or by the Courteiy*of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands.

Committees or Attornies, of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Feme9 Covert, Lunatics or under aiw other legal incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise flifabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, such Consent to be tedified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate and under the Hands of the other Parties coofeoting respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual, in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided Brwifin nevertheless, that no Exchange*shall he made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical BeAefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the# Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecelefiattical Jurisdiction in which such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie of ho situate.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges Bxpeneesol and Expences, attending the making and completing of all Exchanges Exchange* and Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities in this Act, and w the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty*

Reign, or either of them contained, shall be paiaand borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Coirporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Allotments to the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act for or in respect remain offen* of any Freehold E dates shall be deemed and taken to be and held Tenors* and enjoyed as Freehold Estates (subject nevertheless to the Seigno-rial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the same are situate) and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates, held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to he inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are situate, shall be deemed and taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Eitat^s, and shall be held of the Lords

C. ccxviii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

of the Fee thereof under the same Rents and by the same Custom# and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now do pass.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Con-font of the respective Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom any Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements in the (laid several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places of, Soberton, Hamblcdon, Catberington, Blend worth, Bedhamfton, Kingston, Portijfaie otherwise Portsea, Farlington, Wymcring, Widky> South wick, West Bur hunt, Portchester, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, are or shall be bolden by Copy of Court Roll and of the \ customary Tenant or Tenants by whom any such Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements shall be respectively bolden, in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, or by any other Writing or Writings to be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners and by such Lord or Lords and Tenant or Tenants respectively, ' or by the Husbands, Trustees or Guardians, Committees or Attornies of and for any such Tenants, being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any ether Disability or Incapacity (or under.the Common Seal of any of them, being a Body or Bodies PuHtick, Corporate or Collegiate) at any time within Twelve Calendar Months.after the Date of the Commissioners Award, to declare any such. Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements to be enfranchised* and the Tenures by which the same are holden, and the Fines, Heriots and other Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished; and that the same Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall thenceforth be holden of the Lord or Lords of the lame Manor or respective Manors, either by the Rents which shall have been theretofore paid or payable in respect thereof, or by any lelfer Rent or Rents to be in such Writing or Writings ascertained and declared, oj without Rent; and in lieu of and Compensation for every such Enfranchisement, to award to the respective Lord or Lords of the same Manor or Manors such Sum or Sums of Money to be applied in the manner hereafter dine&ed, or to assign and set eut to and for such Lord or Lords respectively such Compensation, by and out of any of the Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be an Equivalent and Satisfaction for the customary Payments, Burthens and Services to which such Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements respectively shall have been subject or liable; and the Lord or Lords for the time being of the Manor to whom any such ancient Rent shall be reserved and contained, or any lesser Rent assigned, shall have the like Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of such Rents respectively as by the Laws of this Realn* are given for the Recovery of Rents, Seek Rents of Assize and Chief Rents; and from and after any such Declaration shall be made and executed, and such Sum of Money or other Compensation shall be paid or assigned in exchange for such Copyhold Tenure, the J-aods and Tenements in every such Declaration comprised and

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccxvni. 567

thereby* expressed to be enfranchised shall be held, possessed and en* joyed by the Owner or Owners thereof paying or making such Compensation, their respective Heirs or Assigns, or other Persons claim* ing in Reversion or Remainder of the Lord or Lords of such Manors respectively, in free and common Soccage, discharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Services and Duties incident to such Tenure, and of all other Services and Payments except the Rent or Rents which may be continued or referred to such Lord or Lords in respect thereof; and the Lands or other Hereditaments so to be assigned to such Lord or Lords shall be by him or them, and by his or their Heirs, Sirccessors or Assigns, or by the Person or Persons who shall be entitled in Reversion or Remainder to such Manor or Manors respectively, held and enjoyed in Compensation for the Tenure so to be extinguished, for such and the like Estates,

1 and upon and for such Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, a3 the Manor or Manors of which the Copyhold Hereditaments so enfranchised shall be holden, shall at the time of every such Enfranchisement Hand settled and limited.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money Appropriation o| to be received for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Lands or Money. Tenements in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors respectively of whom the Copyhold Hereditaments so to be eufranchised shall at the time of the Enfranchisement thereof be holden where such Lord or Lords shall be seised of such Manor or Manors in Fee Simple; and in all other Cases the Money to be received for such Enfranchisement shall be paid and applied in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-tirfl Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Proviso for Willi contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken awl Seulotacw. to reyoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over or affecting the said Purlieus, or upon the Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Allotments so to be allotted or given io Exchange upon such Division or Inclosure thereof to the several Purlieu Owners and Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid shall, from the signing the said Award, stand, be seised and possessed thereof respectively to such and the same Estates, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and subje6l to such and the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common, and Common of Pallurage as aforesaid, and such other

5

C. ccxviiii

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

For vacating La<Va ai Kaik JUnf*

What T> afe* Tenants for Life mav giaut.

For prrvnrilirg Quiikfeo tr>m brii'u damaged

ty SHee^.

RatiafaAion for

Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made only excepted), as the said several Purlieus, Lands and Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu thereof, or in right whereof such Allotments were and are to be made to them, respectively, stood severally limited or subject and liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments respectively or signing the said Award.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Abutments of Land to be made of the said Forest by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Houses or Lands held by Leaf© or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed therein to have been paid to the Grantors or LeiTors as the Confident ions for the same, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Houses and Lands, freed find discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees to, in or upon the said Allotments or any Part thereof, to be derived linder or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Lessees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the Matters in Question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee for his, her and their Loss of Commonage, or other Lodes by means of the said pivision, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation either in Money, to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Leases referred, 3s the said Commissionera shall think just and equitable,

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord pishop of Winchester for the time being and his Successors, ?nd «>!so the said Warden and Scholars Clerk* of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester and their Successors, shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to grant any Lease or Leases of all or any Part of the Allotment and Allotments herein directed to be made to him and them, either for Three Lives or for Twenty one Years, in such Manner and Form in all Respects as the said Loid Riftiop of Winchester and his Predecessors, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their Predecessors, are enabled to lease their Lands and Estates within the said County of Southampton,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and do at his, her or their own Expence, fence or guard his, her or their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs j and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons tp turn or put or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs. Horses, Asses, or other Beads or Cattle into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads on* either Side of which any newly planted Fence shall be growing.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing

unequal Shaft of to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allot-Fewces! it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall

Wt

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. CCXviii.

5 6

proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it etui fbi the said Commissioners, where they shall judge

not have a shall be law?

reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paio by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may bt to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had to the necessary Sibdivision Fences within the respective Allotments); and the Money u to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the fair* manner as the Expences of executing this Act, in case of a Deficient from the gajc of Land, hereinbefore directed to be levied and record.provided always, Prorifethat it shall and may be lawful for the fah Commissioners, at any time before executing their final Award, to mfce any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may ha\ set out an(j ordered, or in any private Roads laid, or to be laid ov^ or to fuc}j Allotments as they shall think right and expedient;d in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, i account of any Expences he or they may have been at, the said Cmmjfljoner8 shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall k made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom, and in manner such recompence shall be made.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Awj to made Award inTpefltd by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in manner d.£e(j by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign % His present Majesty, shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of t peace for the said County of Southampton, where the same shall d may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Times in the ly-time for ever hereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, payt tjjC gum of One Shilling and no more to the said Clerk of the P-e or his Deputy for every such Inspection and Perusal.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That once at lea]n ^h Account tob« and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Y- to be examined and computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Com tfioners balanced by Two shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Stment Magistrates or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of them eived % aau* and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Exptes in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account^f0 made (together with the Vouchers relating the reto! shall be by* if Required, laid before two of His Majesty's Justices of the ^.e for the said County of Southampton (not interested in the said intend Division and Inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced Justices being hereby authorized to take or call such Aid and Alv ance in such Examination as they shall think tit, and to charge tk incidental Expences) and the Balance shall be by such Justices state in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerks tt the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Account!

shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in the Law unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And whereas some of the Land Owners and Proprietori interested in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, may have Occasion td tyirrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Proportions

Si*' C. ccxviii. 50° GEO. III. j A.D. 1810.

the Charges and Expence9 of obtaining and carrying this Act into Tenants fcr Execution; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful life, fcc. em* to and for the Land Owners and Proprietors, asd' of all other Per» powered to bor- fon3 whomsoever interested in such Lands a«d Grounds, being a row Money, Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Or ii- Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or.Lelee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years deterptnable on any Life or Lives, and also to and for the Husbands, Guardian)?, Truste's and Committees of any of the said Owners or poprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or b'Jond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever d also to and /for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees o Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any ^ability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Prof*101*8 respectively be Tenants for Life, with or without Impeach*0* of Waste, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Ten?*8 by the Courtesy of England, or Leflbe or Lessees for any Lr or Lives, for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other tbarand except the Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the Warden and&cholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Wi&fter* and their respective Successors, and other than and except th^urveyors of the Highways of the said respective Parishes, forn respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as SurVor as aforesaid), by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, t4cr their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and ?cfted by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Freehold F*and by Surrender or Surrenders duly passed, according to theuft°m or Customs of the Manor whereof the same is, are or shall b^olden, to charge the Copyhold Part of such Lands and Ground88 he allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respectively, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds for eacao(l every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportion the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this A* a°d of inclosing and Subdividing their respective Allotment*18 the said Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes the pe to be paid for by such Person or Persons, and to be applied for t Purposes aforesaid in such manner as the said Commissionera (ha)lire& and appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sums of Money with Interest for the same, to grant, lease, ^efe, mortgage, surrender or otherwise subject their said respect ti Allotments or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectivelyylus, J or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Afiugus, for any erm or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for ich Estate, Term or Interest as to the Copyhold Part thereof at toll be conformable to the Custom of the respective Manors, so thatny such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or withn express Trust to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured and the Interest thereof shall be fully paid and satisned; and so that in every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security which shall be made by any erson or Persons interested in, or entitled unto the Premises far the Term of their natural Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trust^e or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccxviih 571

contained a Provrfo or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Intere'l A any Sunt or Sunas of Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives 5 and no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the time at which the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security of the said Premises shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposefi thereby intended.*.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeals shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act directed to be made final or cenelusive, and favc and except in such cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then, and in every such Case, he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Southampton, within Six Calendar Months next after such Caule of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Twenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal j and the Jui-tices of the said Quarter-Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to award such Colls as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Warrant, to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Dillrefi and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Patty or Parties liable to pay tKe same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deduding the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be tinal and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Re-, cord at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Saving of Rights shall prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the of LonUoftiia said several Purlieu Owners, or of any other Person or Persons who M*04*

shall or may be respectively for the time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, JuriU didion or Jurisdictions, or reputed Honor, Manor, Lordship or JuriL didion, within the Limits whereof the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed or any Part thereof respectively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories,

Royalties, Fisheries, Free Warrens, Manorial Rights, Ecclesiastical Rights and other Rights, Customs and Services incident or belonging to Inch Honors, Manors, Lord ships or Jurisdictions or any of them j but that the said Lords hereinbefore particularly named, and such other Lord or Lords for the time being, shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the same, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Visitations, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Yiiitations, pines, Free Warrens, Franchises, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Escheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences and Appurtew nances to such Honor*, Manors, Lordships or Jurisdictions rcTpec* tively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

S7«

Troviso for Bishop of Winchester uul Warden and Scholars at Winchester College.

The King to brar Proportion 1 CUb.

Proviso for James Tooker J'Tq as to Wood-rolis.

General Saving.

C. ccxvlii; 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

and Grounds, and other the Forestial and Common Rights for which Compensation is hereinbefore directed to be made) in as full, ajpple and beneficial manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been made.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any jvife be construed to extend so as to charge or make chargeable the Lord Bishop of Winchester or his Successors or the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester or their Successors or any of them, with the Payment of any of the Cpfts, Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned or incurred by reason or means of any Disputes or Differences or of any Trials at Law touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right of the Soil or of any Rights jof Common or other Rights and Interests in, over or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed or any Part or Parts thereof; but that the federal and respective Shares and Proportions of the said Lord Bishop of JV'tnchester, and "Warden and' Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Win* chester, and their respective Successors, of all such Costs, Charges and Expences, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.; and that the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester and their respective Successors shall be and they are hereby severally and respectively indemnified from all such Costs, Charges and Expences accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing hereiji contained, shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Payment of a due and just Proportion of all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending any such Disputes, Differences or Trials at Law which may be had, brought or instituted againlf the said Lord Bishop of Winchester and Warden and Scholars Clerk6 of Saint Mary College* of Winchester near Winchester, and their respective Successors, touching the aforesaid Claims; but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to adjust and settle all such Costs, Charges and Expences so and in such manner as that each and every Person interested in the said Division and Inclosure may pay andf>ear his, her and their due and just Proportion thereof, (other than and except the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester).

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to exten\n4d so as to prejudice, lessen, defeat or alter the Right, Title or Interest of James Tooker Esquire, in and to a certain Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood-erofts, in the said County of Southampton, Part of the Manor of Hinton Daubney in the said County; but that the same shall remain subject to the same Rights and Privileges in all respe<SU as if this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that the said Piece of Parcel of Land called Woodcrafts, be not within the Regard or Bounds of the said Forest intended to be hereby inclosed.

LXXIV. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick, Corporate or

A.D. 1810. C. ccxvm. 50° GEO. III.

Collegiate and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, hi* and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Eslate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, (other than and except such a* is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, as they, every or any of them, now have or hath or could have had and enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Erldsos* by the Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and a CojiV thereof, so printed, shall be admitted at Evidence thereof by all Judges. Justices and others.

[INDEX removed.]

