436 C. i, ii, iii. 51° GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi-Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. i.

---

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for rebuilding the Parish Church of Eafi Grinjleats, in the County of Sujen.

[8th March 1811.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Session House in the Town of Buckingham, to Hanwell, in the County of Oxford. (a) [22d March 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue the Term and enhtrge the Powers of Three Acts of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty, and the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea to the City of Durham. (c) [22d March 1811.] 1

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls grouted.]

13 Cap.

srGW.iw

C* iv — *iu

43*

}».}. c. 79.

17 C.a. c. 43. f G. 3. c. 5*.

31 G. 3. c. 134. repealed.

aoG. 1. c 13. S G. 3. c. 42.

29G.3. t. So.

4J7

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His9G 3- c. 79* present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley G. 3. c 1x7. to the Ferry at Hejsle, and from $b« Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cotttngham, in the County of York, (r)

£22d March 181 i.j

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of /an Ad of His present9 G. 3. c. 89. Majesty, for repairing the Road from 0 diham, in the County of Soutkanp(9m9 to JFarnham, in the County of Surrey, (c)

[22d March 1811.]

Former Totts to eenfe % and now Toils granted* Additional Tabs on

Sunday*"]

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty* 29 G. 3. c. 81. for repairing the Road from Bjfoep Wear mouth to Norton, in the County of Ahnrbam. {a) [*ad March 1811.]

Cap. via.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Raagemrorthy, in the Parish of Thonkury, in the County of Gloucester (q, P.)

[23d March 181 x ]

Cap. viii,

An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Streets and other* public Paflagts within the Town of Warey in the County of Hertford^ [25th March 1811.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and other wise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund*>, in the County of Suffolk, [4th April 181 j/J

Cap. x.

An Act for enlarging the Term and powers of Two Acts of His 10 G. 3. c. 6$. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the 9 G« 3- c. 94-Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk. (r) [4th April 1811.]

\ Additional Trusteesf Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon 41 G. 3. (UX) Canal to raise Money* to complete the said Canal and Works 5 c.cxw'h. and for amending the former Acts passed relative thereto. 48 G. 3. c.*/*.

[80, 000l. 3 [4th April 1811.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the 3a o 3. c. 156. Powers of Two Ada of His present Majesty, for repairing the 41 0.3. (UK.) Road from Golden Grove Park to the Turnpike Road leading from c*v< the new Bridge to the Lime Kilns y and other Roads in the said

F f 3 Acts

1

438

C; xii — xhr.

3$ G. 3.0.14*.

34 G. l. c. 25.

10 G. 3. c. 85. 31 G.3 C.Z12.

10 G. 3. c. 86. 31 G. 3> c. 113.

31G. 3. c 107. 31 G 3 o. no, 39 0.3 c. xlv.

$1 GEO. III.

Acts mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the Cud Roads, (ii) [4th April 1811.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday.J

Cap. xiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term#and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hide Park Career to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads in the County of Middlesex.

[4th April 1811.]

[* For 14 Years, CsV.}

[Former Tolls to ceafer and new Tolls granted. Collectors of Sendai Tolls under 5 G. 3. c. 13. and 50 G. 3. c. xxviii. to cause their Christian and Surnames with the Words " Sunday Toll" to be paisited on a Board, and hung up in Front of Toll House

Cap. xiv.

An Act for altering gnd enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newaspie upon Tyne, as relates to the County of Cumberlandr.

[4th April 1811.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap xv.

An Act for widening and improving the Street called the Nethergaie, in the Burgh of Dundee, in the County of Forfar.

[4th April 182x-3

Cap. xvi.

An Act to enlarge.the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His prefen t Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the South Gate of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stake Ferry ana Downham Marketx in the County of Norfolk, (e)

[4th April 1811

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enlarge the 'ferm and Powers of Two Acts of His prr-sent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the East Gate of Alags Lynn, to the North End of Babingley Lane, and to extend the Road from thence to Darftngham, in the County of Norfolk. (c)

[4th April 1811.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads and E ridges therein mentioned, (b) [4th April 1811.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Shankhill in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Waterford, (a) [4th April 1811.]

*Cap.

A.D. 18r r. 51° GEO. III. C. xx — xxviH.

Cap. xx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His 31 G. 3 present Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads from the New 35 G- 3- Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties 3 G-3* of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate to Bail-lie/lon, in the County of Lanark, and several other Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

[4th April 1811.]

[.Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. /'or Term under former Acts.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whiclham, in the County of Durham. (q. r.) [4th April 181 i.J

Cap. xxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barnham Broom, and Parish or Hamlet oi Bickerstone, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

[4th April 1811.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Finchley, in the County of M'tddlesex. (q. P.) [4th April 1811.]

"Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 27.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Townships of Lune, Hoi wick and Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, (q P.) [4th April 1811.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Hamlets of Chadlington West, Chadlington East and Chilfon, in the Parish of Charlburyf in the County of Oxford. (q P.) [4th April 1811.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §26.29.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of By Well Saint Peter, in the County of Northumberland, (q P.) [4th April 1811.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majrfly, for 34 G. 3. repairing the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk; and to make and maintain the Road from Aylsham to Cromer, and Part of the Road leading towards Wolterton, branching off from the Cromer Road, to the Eagle Inn in Erpingham, in the said County. (0) [11th April 1811.]

[Additional Trusteesm Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers.of an Act of His prq- 30 G.3. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dudley to the New Inn, Patlmgham, and also the Road from Shut End, to join the IVoL

F f 4 verhampton

439

C. ISO. c. 150.

C. XXXV u

MI4*

C. 102.

C. xxviii — xxxvi.

A.D. 1811.

440

5l*GECMII.

verhampton Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford

[nth April 1811.]

m£/0fi and Salop, (h)

[AdduionalJ'rusteet* Former Tolls to cease, and neap Tolls grated. Doullc Tolls on Sunday j

xo Gw 1. c. 9. x6 G. a. c. 19.9<; . 3. c. 63. a; G. 3. c. 69.

Cap. x^ix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power* of several Afils for repairing the Road trofn itarlo*v BuJfb Common, in the Paridi of Her low, to Woodford, in the County Of Essex, and the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Jlorthwcald, Bajfctt, B Ming worth, Ongar, Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four Want Win, in the Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of High Ongar and fforton Jrfandevilk, to the Parish of Writtle\ in the said County, (r) [1 ith April 1811.]

\Ne<w Trustees, Additional Tolls.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari (he* of ffatfield, Thorne and Fifilrfe, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding of the County or Fork* (q P.) [nth ^r»/i8u.j

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §26.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending the Road from Barton Bridge into the Ms* chester and Altrincham Turnpike Road; and alto a Branch therefrom, into the said Turnpike Road $ all in the County of La* easter. \h)'[6th May iBil.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for better assessing and coUefiting the Poor v*d other Run in the Parish of Chrm Church in the County of Surrey; for better regulating the Poor thereof; and for cleansing, watching, lighting and other wise improving the Streets* Lints and #her Public Passages and Places in the said Parishi and for other Put-poses relating thereto.

[6th May l8n.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for erefiting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works con? nefited therewith, at Duntpre, in the County of

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for paving, lighting and cleaning the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

[6th May j8ii ]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for widening, paving, improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes and other Passages in the Royal Burgh of Kiri caldy, in the County of Fife, for the better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and for other Purposes or Utility to the said Burgh.

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. xxxvi.

*6 0-3« h) An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the c, 14# Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and repair-

ing

A.D. 1811.

54* QRQ. HI, C. xxxvi — xlliu 441

ing Public Rends in the County of Dublin, with refoeA to the Roads within those Parts of the Baronies of Uppercross and New-cable, which are situate 9n the South £3!1 Side of the gregt Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Cork, by Huibcoofe and Nqas,

P [6th May 1811.]

Cap. xjex^ii.

An Act for continuing fcyeral Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pen* 3 G.|.r.6« nies Scqts, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, of every Pint 10 O.a. c. 7. of AJe, Beer or Porter, that mpll be vended or sold within the*c'

Town of JXunrfrici and Privileges thewf. (6)

[6th May 1B11.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for building and maintaining a Bridge over the Water of Doon, which runs between the Parishes of Ayr and Maybole, in the County of Ayr.

[£th May j8j i.J

" Tnifteps under 45 G. 3. c, xxviii. to bp Trustees for building Bridge

w qqder this Act- To continue during 4$ G. 5.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Northejk near the Village of Af$ryi<ri, in the County of Kincardine«

[6th May; 8u.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the County o. 3. c. 149. of Berwieb, and for building a Bridge over the River Whit adder, as to Roads in the hud County. (£) [6th May 1811.] aiuhorh«i^to^be

Cap. xl*

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts 17 O 3* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ber- 45 G. 3. c.Ku wick upon Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge J and the Roads from Billie Caujeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Coctburnfpalb Tower, in the County of Berwick, (b) [6th May 181 x-J

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His 4* G. 3. C.A present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communi- 44 G* 3. c. xsxviu eating yrith the West India and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Ytlbury Fort, iin the Counties of Middlesex and Essex. (b\

[6th May i8n J

Cap. xliit.

An Act for improving the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchester to9& to W. 3. Wivenhoe in the County of Essex; and for better paving, lighting, c. t9. watching, cleaning and improving the said Town of Colchefar. 5 G.x. c. 31.

[6th^.81.j jj&SSS

at G. 3. c. 30.

Cap. repealed.

44*

5i GEO. III.

A.D. 18rr.

io G 3. c. 78.

31G. 3. c. ioa

t G. 3. c. 6x.

30 G. 3. c. xo6.

11 G. 3. c. 94. 31 G. 3. C. 104.

31 G. 2. c. 49-7 CL 3. c. 61.

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. xxvi. repealed.

39 8? 40 G. 3. c. xhriu

43 O. J-c. 131.

C. xliv — xlix.

Cap. xliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wem and Whitchurch Road, to the Sandford and Hodnct Road, both in the County of Salop. (£) [6th May 1811 J

Cap. xlv.

An Act to continue and amend Two A As of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Bell, in Stoic Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, and the Road from Methwold Warm House to a Place called the Devil*s Ditch, in the said County, (r)

[6th May 18x1.] [Former Toll1 to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A As of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Abingdon to S win ford, in the County of Berks, (b)^[6th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two AAa of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Finehall, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps'/ Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and from Cripps*s Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, (r).

[6th May 18 r 1.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon. (3) [6th May 181 i j

[.Additional Tolls on Sunday, except on Waggons

Cap. xlix.

An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits lauded and ware* housed in the London Docks.

[6th May 1811.]

TT T WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign

W of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet

Docks, Bajins, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation

and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

London: And whereas the London Dock Company, established by the said Act, have, under the Provisions thereof, and of divers other

Acts of Parliament passed since the said Act, for extending, enlarg-

ing, altering and amending the Powers of the said Act, made and

' erected extensive and commodious Wet Docks, Baiins, Cuts and

other Works and Warehouses, for the Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

London: And whereas, under the Authority of an Act, passeftm

die Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, and another Act,

1 passed

A.D. 18ri.

C.xlix.

5«° Geo. m.

443

raffed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 44O. j. c. too.

Majesty, for warehousing Goods within the Limits of the Docks Ib made by the London Dock Company, and for making Regulations relating to the said Docks, very large Quantities of Wines and Spirits have been landed, deposited and secured, in the said Docks,

+for the Benefit of the Revenue, and of the Importers and Owners of the said Goods: And whereas Disputes have from time to time arisen on the subject of the Charges to be made by the London Dock Company, in respect of such Wines and Spirits, for Landing, Wharfage, Warehousing, Care and Custody thereof, and other incidental Charges; and it is essential to the Interests of the London Dock Company, and of the Importers and Owners of Wines and Spirits landed and deposited in the said Docks under the Authority of the said Acts, that further and more particular Regulations than are contained in the said Acts, should be made in Relation to the receiving and Care of such Wines and Spirits, and the Charges of the said Company thereon; but the same cannot be accomplished without the Interpoiition and Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Companyu-the said London Dock Company shall be allowed and authorized, and thawed to take are hereby empowered and authorized to charge and demand, and to

receive, take and collect, for and upon all Wines and Spirits which J."r joading^nd from and after the passing of this Act shall be landed and deposited unloading Wine* is the said London Docks, such Rates and Charges as to the Direc- and Spirit*, tors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall from time to time appear reasonable and proper, not exceeding the several Rates and Charges in the Schedules annexed to this Act specified and set foith; and the said Schedules, and all Rules, Regulations! Dmeftions, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be, and construed as Part of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpose6 as if the same were severally and separately enabled and contained in the Body of this Act.

TL*And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Companyu-Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, tliorwedto »e- from time to time to reduce, alter, vary or discontinue, any of such "vive

Rates or Charges; and also, at any time thereafter, from time to time again to revive, raise or advance, all or any of such Rates or Charges in such manner, either in the Whole or in Part, and in such Proportion, and as to such Articles of Charge, as to them shall seem expedient and proper, so as that the said Rates and Charges, when so advanced, shall in no case exceed the several Rates or Charges fpc-eified or let forth in the said Schedules to this Act annexed: Provided always, that when any of such Rates or Charges shall be so reduced, altered, varied or discontinued, revived, raised or advanced a* aforesaid, a Table and Notice thereof shall be put up at fomc conspicuous Place at and in the said Docks, so as that the same may at all times, when the said Docks are open, be inspected by all persons interested therein; any thing in any Act or Acts relating to the said London Dock Company to the contrary notwithstanding; and all l^atcs and Charges contained in the Schedules to this Act annexed,

or

444 C.xiix.

or in apy such Tables pr Nqtiws ?* aforesaid, hail be fated aid cri-k$e4* and.a^y be wcpvpffd* be mutfadj kid «t and applied as the Rates flpdCbargep under the said rrcited Ad prfU.il 4r Fortieth Year of His pmfant Mstyeity's Reign, qr any other of the A&&.r*l?ting to tip frd Dpck*, are directed to be levied, ooDeddi recovered, received and applied* and wider such Rules* Regulations, ErQvifious, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures as pit in the said Acts cpntaiji?dt jn relation to the levying, oolW3ing> receiving* laying out and applying the Rate* and Charges contained in the bid Am* as far as the same are pr can he made applicable (except so far as the same are by this Act or the Schedules tbctrunto annexed* varied, altered or repealed) & fullynd effectually as if all such Auks, Regulations, Proviftpus, Clanks, Penalties and Forfeitures urece ia this Act or the Schedules thereto annexed* fevemlly and tqpmmdy repeated and re-enacted in this Act* and made Part thereof.

PdKd Ad.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act ftafl be damned and taken to be a Pqbliqk A3, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fucly, by all Judges* Justice and 9fkm, without being freckly pleaded.

Tte SCHEDULES to which this Act refers*

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE, No. i.

ON all Wines and Spirits which shall be landed at the Lomdmi Docks in Calks not of Oak, there shall be payable the Consolidated and other Rates and Charges following, as the case may require:

Sft. — In lieu of all Charges attending the Landiiu? and Delivery of such Wines and Spirits as are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three Days after being guaged

Per Tun of a Pipes* 4 Hogsheads* or on 25a Gallons «.

?d. — In lieu of all Charges attending the Landing*

Housing for Exportation, and Delivery of all fuen Wines and Spirits from the Company's Stores not laid up, but taken out within Three Days, per Tun as above -

jd. — In lieu of all Charges of Landing, Wharfage*

Housing, Superintendance for One Year and Delivery* and of all other Charges, except Warehouse Rent and Cooperage, and the special Charges herein after enumerated

Per Tun of a Pipes, fiogfheada, or on 252 Gallons in unfizcable Calks -

Warehouse Rent per Week, from the Day of the Ship's beginning to work, per Tun as above Cooperage as the Proprietor may direct agreeably to the Rates in this Schedule.

I

- 7

- IP -v»

- 1a —

TABLE*

A.D. 1Hu.

Si* CEO. Ill

C.x 11*.

4«

TABLE, Wo; 2.

On all Wine* atfd Spirits which (halt be landed in Oak Calks at the London Docks, under a Warehousing Entry, there shall be payable the Consolidated Dock arid dther Rates arid Charges as under, as thri ca(e may require

I ft. — la lieu of all Charges attending Landing and De- £ /. JL livery of such Wines and Spirits as are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three l)ays after being guaged, ter Pipe or Puncheon -.j j

2d. — In Geu of all Charges attending Landing, Holding for Exportation without laying up in Cellars, and for Delivery from the Company's Stores wkhia Three Days, ter Pipe or Puncheon* — g

3d.-s.In lieu of Rent for Three Calendar Months front the Day of the Ship's beginning to work, and for all other Charges whatever, lave as in this Schedule it herein after mentioned, as follows; and for which Rates as under mentioned, the Company shall make good all Deficiencies ( from whatever Cast arising) which shall exceed

One Gallon on each deficient Pipe or Puncheon, for any Period of Custody less than One Year.

Two Galions, for any Period of Custody above One Year and lese than Two Years; and in like Proportion for succeeding Years; provided that such Deficiencies shall be claimed within Si*

Months of Delivery, and be established by the Excise Guage on Landing and Delivery; ift. — On Fort, Lisbon, and all other Wines hooped in a similar way, and which the London Dock Company engages to noufie and deliver ... with Ten Iron Hoops on each.

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe - - - - i-----

If - - with only Eight ditto - I x —

If - - with only Six ditto - i 3 —

2d. — O11 Sherry, and on all Wines in like Casks, to be housed and delivered - with Eight Iron

Hoops*

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe or Butt - - + 1 -

If - - with only Six Iron Hoops - - 1 i —

3d. — On Spawjb Red Wines in straight bouged Pipes, and bn all wines in like Calks to be housed and delivered - - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe - -1 -

If - - with Four Iron Hoops - -11 —

If - with Two ditto - -126

4th. — On Madeira, and all Wines in like Calks, per Pipe — 19 — 5th. — On Wine in Hogsheads, being hooped according to the Custom of the Port of Shipping, half the Rate payable upon the same Kind of Wine in Pipes.

6th. —

C. xlix.

A.D. 1811.

£ t. L

446

5 e geo* in.

6th. — On Claret, and all Wines in similar Calks which the Company engages to house and deliver - - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Hogshead - - - — 11 6

If - - with only Four Iron Hoops - — 12 6

If - - with only Two ditto - - — 13 6

If - - without Iron Hoops - - — 15 —

yth. — On Spirits, the Calks to be noufed and delivered, s with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe or Puncheon - - I-----

If - - with only Four Iron Hoops - 1 1 —

If - - with only Two ditto - - 1 3 —

Sth. — On Wines or Spirits in uniizeable Calks, proportionably to their Contents over and above a regular Pipe of Wine, or Piece of Brandy or other Spirits.

9th. — On every Calk of Wine talted, in Store, under a

written Onler for each Time - - — — J

N.B. Tailing not to be permitted, except to the Pro* prietor himself, unless under a written Order Moreover there shall be payable on all Wines and Spirits, landed under a Warehousing Entry (the Company being at liberty to house the same, after the Expiration of Three Days from their being guaged) whether chargeable under Table No. 1. or Table No. 2. the following

SPECIAL CHARGES ON DELIVERY;

' I ft — In all cases where the Importer shall require his Calks to be left on the Quay beyond Three Days, after being guaged, he shall pay Quay Rent on each Pipe or Puncheon per Day, lor every Day after such Three Days - 6

And, WATCHING, agreeably to the Rates herein after

mentioned; viz

On i to 20 Calks, per Night

21 to 30 Do. Do.

31 to <JO Do. Do.

4i to '.50 Do. Do.

51 to 60 Do. Do.

61 to 70 Do. Do.

7* to 80 Do. Do.

81 to 90 Do. Do.

9* to IOO Do. Do.

And on any krger Quantity, per Night

But the Change for Watching to cease follows; viz. as

After 6 Nights, on any Quantity not exceeding IOO Pipes,

7 Do..Do. 200 Do.

8 Do. Do. 400 Do.

x —

1 6

2 — 2 6

4 — 4 6

5 —

6 —

A wi

A.D. 1811.

51° GEO. III.

And after io Night8* on any larger Pareel, unless the Goode be kept on the Quays, by Order of the Proprietor, for more than three Days after being guaged; and in such case to continue as above, ad. — On every Puncheon of Spirits in Vault, brought forward for Inspection or redipping 3d. — After Three Months Custody, Cellar Rent, per Week

On each Pipe or Puncheon On each Hogshead 4th. — For raeking, when necessary, per Pipe or Puncheon 5th. — For new Calks, when necessary, at the respective Market Prices thereof, deducing the Value of the racked Calks, if not taken away by the Proprietor. 6th. — After-twelve Months Custody, for all other extra Cooperage in Vault, and for Cooper's Superintendance there

On each Pipe or Puncheon, per Week 7th. — - For Surveys and Certificates thereof, as follows: On 1 a 5 Calks, per Certificate

6 a 20 Do.

21 and upwards an entire Cargo

Duplicate or Copy of Certificate 8th. — Additional Cooperage on delivery, if required by the Proprietors, according to the following Rates; viz.*Pitching and turning, per Pipe or Puncheon

Trimming -

Driving -

Iron-plate Hoops, each Pieces of Lead, each -

Rivets, each -

th. — On Delivery by Water for Shipping - per Calk -

N.B. The consolidated Rates to be paid on all Wines and Spirits liable thereto, before the Transfer or Removal of any Part thereof, and the subsequent Charges (if any) to be paid on each Calk, at the Time of Transfer or Delivery of such Calk.

C.xlix.

/ d.

447

- 6

- 2

- 2

- 5

- 7

1 1

- 1

t

6

1

- J-

- 9

- 2

- 8

SCHEDULE (B.)

RATES chargeable on Wines and Spirits, where those in Schedule (A.) do not attach; viz.

Per Pipe or Puncheon.

For Landing

Wharfage -

Pitching and Turning/

Cooper's Attendance at Landing and Loading Laying up to gauge in numerical Order

J.

- 1 —

- 8

-: — 1 —

- 3

COOPER'S

44

C. xll*.

i0'dta m.

AJ&.1811.

COOPER'S WORK, and MATERIALS supplied»

jS t. i.

Trimming - - - — a —

Driving -

Iron Hoops, per Hoop Pieces of Lead, each

Rivets, each

Chimes, each -

Uncasing, per Pipe or Puncheon Casing - Do.

Kaclung - Da.

Housing and Carving -

Breaking out for Cooperage, and laying up again Unhoufing and Loading from the Qhay Unhousing, Wharfage and Shipping -

Loading from the Quay Shipping from Do.

Quay Rents on all Wines and Spirits n6t landed under a Warehousing Entry, nor ordered f within Five. Days after beginning to land) to be hoilied, on each Pipe,

store or Cellar Rent on Wines and Spirits, (ordered to be housed at the time of landing) for the first Three Calendar Months, on each Pipe, per Week Rent and Cooper's Attendance afterwards on Do. per Do. - 7

Cooper's Attendance at Landing, Housing and in Vaults,

for Three Months - - - — i 6

Do. at Delivery from Vaults»- - — i —

- —

- 2 6

- 6

- 1 4

- t —

- 6

- fi

i si

31

V,

91 to 100 101 and upwards

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

40

s°

60

70

8q

90

WATCHING WINE and SPIRITS on the Quay.

On 1 to so Pipes, per Night - - — 1 —

30 - Do. - - — 16

Do. - - — 2 —

Do. - - — 2 6

Do. - - — 3 —

Do. - - — 36

Do. - - — 4 —

Do. - - — 46

Do. - - — 5 —

Do. - - — 6 —

N.B. If at the Time of landing, such Wines or Spirits be ordered to be housed, the Charge for Watching shall cease, as follows; viz. After 6 Nights, on any Quantity not exceeding 100 Pipes*

After 7 Nights - Do. 200

After 8 Nights - Do. 400

After 10 Nights - on 401 or more.

CHARGE for SURVEYS, and CERTIFICATE thereof.

£ j, d.

Qn x to 5 Pipes - - — 26

6 to 20 — 5 —

21 and

A.D. 1811.

51° Geo. III.

C. xlix — lv.

44J

£ 1 d.

On 21 and upwards - - — 7 6

And if on an entire Cargo - - 1 1 —

Copy of Certificate - I -

N.B. Hogsheads of Wine to pay Half the Rates chargeable on Pipes; and unfizeable Calks to pay an increased Rate proportionably to their Contents, over and above a regular Pipe of Wine or Piece of Brandy.

Landing, Wharfage and Delivery from the Quay, per jt s. d. Pipe or Puncheon, exclusive of Cooperage on Delivery as ordered; and also of Quay Rent and Watching as above, beyond the Fifth Day after beginning to land - J 6

Cap. 1.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Sackville deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to

the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [6th May 181 i.J

Cap. li.

An Act for effectually separating the several Churches or Chapelriet of Natlfea and Bourton otherwise Flax B our ton otherwise Boretori, in the County of Somerset, from the ReHory and Parish Church of Wraxhall, in the said County, and for uniting the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailsea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton aforesaid, into and making the same one distinH and separate ReHory. (q. P.) [6th May 1811

Cap. lii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Seaming, Hoe, Worthing and DUting* ton, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Lordship or Forest of Wtfiward, in the Parish of Westward, in the County of Cumber land. (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §19, 20.

Cap. liv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cholmondefton, is the Parish of ASon, in the County of Chester. (q. P.)

[$th May 1811.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for inclosing certain Trails, or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called Fulwood Moor and Cadeley Moor, within and Parcel of the Forest of Fulwood, in the County Palatine oP Lancaster. (q. P.) [6th Mdy r8ll J

Allotment to His } 28.

4

ji Geo. III.'Gf Qaf.

k

C. hi — !*».

51° GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

39 & 40 o. 3.

C, XT*

04 O. a. c. 35. 11 O.3.C. 79. J»G.3-c.tt; . repelled.

Cap. Ki.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long Compton, in the County of Warwitk. (a. P)[6th May 18*I.]

Allotment and CoiftpfcnWtion for Tithes. §51, 32. 47.

Cap. Mi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parishf* of Gnat Paxton and Tofeland> in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.) [6th May 1811.]

Co/.Mii.

An Act for Inckfltig Lands iit the' Tonmftips of fVtgton, fVoodfde and IVavert on f within and Parcel of the Barony of Wigton In the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § t8, 19, 20.

Cap.Yix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint John the Bafitijt Peterborough, in the County of Northampton (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 22, 23, 24.

Cap. lx.

An Act for making a navigable Canal from the River Avon, at or near Morgan's Pill, in the Parish of Easton in Gordmno otherwise Saint George's^ in the County of Somerset^ to or near the River Tones in the Parish of Saint James in Tawntoo* in the hid County, and a certain navigable Cut therein described.

[14th May 1811.] [420, 0001. and if not sufficient additional 150, 000l.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for paving, lighting, deanfing, widening nod dthetways improving the Streets of the Burgh of Dunfermline, increasing the Supply of Water, extending the Royalty of the said Burgh; and for other Purposes therein mentioned relative theveto.

[14th 181.3

Cap. Ixu.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chep* flow, in the County of Monmouth $ and fevoral other Roads in the Counties of Monttiouthy Gtouce/ler % Hereford and Brecon, as relates to the Newport District of Roads \ and for granting further and other Powers for repairing the Roads in the said District. (1)

[14th May 1811.1

iDouble Tods on Sunday.2

Cap. liiii.

An Act for rendering more effectual Several Acts for repairing the Turnpike Road from Cramond Bribe to the Tom of Qmeauferry in the County of Linlithgow; and for altering and repairin^the

A.XX>8ii'

51° GEO. III. C. lxiii-'-rlavL

45*

G. 3. c. 31.

3 G. 3. c 13.

4 O.fr c. 39.

5 G. 3. C. 5OU xz G. 3- c. a*. 30 G. 3. c. 53. repealed as to Parish of SaUpt Maryle Strand.

3X G. 3. c. 10

High Road leading from the West End of the fiud Town of

Queensftrry to the Town of Luditkgo*t». (a\

[14th May i&xi/j

[ By the Words of this Act the whole of the Three A8i in the Margin are repealed, hut it seeme as though the whole of 11 G. 3. c. 79, and of 32 O.3. c. 125, and Part only of 24 G. 2. c. 35. was meant to be repealed.']

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Mietdlcsex, and Liberty of Westminster; and for better paving, lighting, cleaning and watching the said Parish; and for other rurpoies therein mentioned. f^th May 1811.]

K Power of making a Rate for watching under 14 G. 3. c. 90, u extended.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powere of aq Act for repairing the Road leading from Robejton Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen. (e) [14th May 1811/}

[Additional TOffices. former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to mead and render more effectual an Act of Hit prefect Msje&y, for miouimng and improving the Docks and Ware* bottles, called The Commercial Doth, in the Parhh of Saint Mary JRotherhithe, w the County of Surrey t and for extending the Powers of the bid Ad.

[14th May 1811.]

Vtf WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G.3. ccc/ii.

' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An mam*

1 taining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and

Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary

Rot her* at he, in the County of Surrey: whereby the several Pet-ferns therein named, and other Persons therein described, were created a

Joint Stock Company by the Name of The Commercial Dock Com-

party f for the Purpose of maintaining and improving a certain Dock t formerly called Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premiset

adjoining thereto, and making other Docks, Timber Ponds,

1 Sluices, Outlets and other Works, necessary for the Accotnmo-

datum of Vesselt laden with Timber and other Articles in the said 1 Act mentioned: And whereas by the said Act the said Company were authorized tp raise and contribute among themselves, for the 1 Purposes Cat forth in the said Act, in addition to the Shares then

already created or Sums then already subscrvbed for, a further Sum,

1 not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds,

1 in manner therein mentionedj and which additional Sum of One 1 hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already subscribed

for, in manner in the said Act mentioned, it was thereby enacted,

' fltould form one joint Capital Stock of the said Company t And 1 whereas the whole of the original Subscription of One hundred

G g 2*and

It

h 4.

If.

45*

C. lxvi.

A.D. 1811.

51° GEO. III.

' and thirty thousand Pounds has been expended towards the Por-

poles of the said Act in the Purchase of the said Docks. Land, and

in Works: And whereas the said Company have proceeded to nrifc

the said furihcr Sum ot One hundred: and thirty thousand Pounds,

by the Creation of One thousand three hundred new Shares, pursuant to the Provision9 in the said Act contained; and have made

a Call pursuant to the Power in the said Act contained, in part of the said further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds,

thereby authorized to be raised; the Amount of which Cali has been paid and expended for the Purposes of the said Act 5 and the said Company are proceeding to get in the whole thereof as quick as by the Provisions of the said A6i they are empowered to 4 do: And whereas the said Company find that they cannot make the said Dock complete and commodious to the Public for Re*

ception and Discharge of Timber Ships, and the Admission and Storing of Timber, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned,

without purchasing divers Lands, Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, and other Premises near 16 the said Commercial Dock,

all in the said Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in Addition to the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and other Premises, which by the said Act they were authorized to purchase 5 and withod making additional Cuts, Communications and Entrances into or out of the River Thames, and also additional Wharfs, Quays and other Works, and altering and varying same of the Roads, Ways and Streets, near to the said Docks, and making other Improvements;

4 And whereas the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament, nor unless the said Company are empowered to raise a further Sum, in Addition to the said Sums now raised,

and authorized to be raised, as aforesaid: And whereas the hid Company are willing to raise, among (I themselves, whatever Sum may be oeceflary for executing the Purposes aforesaid; May k therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the

Company en- Authority of the same, Tiutt it shall be lawful for the said Compiny

tbled to raise raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Addition to the Two

oufand six hundred Shares already created, or Sums already fob* 00 WK, > {bribed'for or authorized to be raised as aforesaid, a competent Sum of Money for the improving, completing and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aqueduds, Entrances, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses and Works already made and intended, tr by the said Act and hereby authorized to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in Addition to the said Two thousand six hundred Shares already subscribed for, and the Sums by the said Act author* rized to be raised, the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand

Pounds; and the same Sum of Ooe hundred and thirty thousand

Pounds shall be divided iuto Two thousand six hundred Shares of aivididinto Fifty Pounds each; and the said Two thousand six hundred Shares

Shares; shall be and are hereby vetted in the several Persons who shall, pur*

Ferfbos! Certam suant to the Provisions in the said recited Act or in this Act cos-.tained or set forth, subscribe for the same, and their several aid respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Aligns, to.their and every Of their proper Use and Benefit* proporriooably to

Y.D.iSn.

GEO. III.

C.lxvi.

4S3

fie Sums they shall federally raise and contribute; and all Bodies 'olitic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, and their several nd respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, 'ho shall severally subscribe for one or more Share or Shares, or ich Snm or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, shall, after ie Expiration of the Period herein after mentioned, be« entitled to nd receive the net and entire Distribution of an equal proportion-ble Part, according to the Number of Shares to be possessed by im or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the 'rofits and Advantages which shall or may arise and accrue to the lid Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be received by ie said Company, by the Authority of this Act or otherwise, in spect of or for the Use of the Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs or ther Premises belonging to the said Company.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several ersons who shall subscribe for the said Two thousand six hundred ew Shares hereby authorized to be raised or created, or any of'them, tall not be entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Pro-ts of the said Company until after the Expiration of One Yeari > be computed from the Day on which the said Two thousand fix undred new Shares shall be created; and that in the mean time the veral Persons who shall subscribe for new Shares as a oresaid shall e entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them 'spectively, Interest on the several Sums to be paid by them or him i respect of such new Shares at and after the Rate of Five Pounds r Centum per Annum, from the time or times on or at which such iura or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That previous tb ie Creation or Making of the said Two thousand six hundred new bares hereby authorized to be created or raised as aforesaid, or of ay of them. Notice of the Intention to create the same shall be given i the London Gazette, and Three of the Daily Newspapers in #iondon, for the Space of Fourteen Days at least; and that the time hen the said new Shares shall be created, and the first Call thereon shall be paid, and all other Rules and Regulations concerning the me, shall be settled and determined by Two several General Courts f Proprietors of the said Company, the first of which said General !ourts shall be held not sooner than Fourteen Days after such fotice as aforesaid, and the last of which said General Courts shall held at a Distance not less than Ten Days from such first General burt; and in case all the said new Shares shall not be subscribed >r, by the several Persons hereby authorized to subscribe for the tme, the said Company of Proprietors may dispose of such Shares t shall not be subscribed for by such Persons as aforesaid, in such man-it as shall be determined on by Two several Courts of Proprietors to e held for such Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, allowed to he raised under this Act pon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and the Shares already crea-d, shall make one Joint Capital Stock of the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any eTfon or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the time of ie creating or making the Two thousand six hundred Shares hereby nthorized to be subscribed (or, shall be possessed of any of the

G g i Shares

When new Subscribers entitled to Profits.

entitled to la-terest

Notice of creating new Sh ires, in London Gazette, See*

First General Court.

If new Shares

n >t subscribed for. Company may dispose of them.

New Shares to make Jrint' Capital Stock.

Old Subscribers entitled to fab-feribe for neW Shares, Restricticm

454

C.fani.

JI° GEO. III.

A.D. 18n.

50 G. 3. c.ccriL §16. repealed.

General Courts.

Maps and Plans, Books of Re-fcrcocc, &c.

pm open for publfflnfpe&ioa.

Sham already subscribed for, (hal be entitled, if t!wy so pM, to subscribe for any Number of the said Two thousand six hundred new Share* not eaceoding the Number of old Shorn of which he or they shall be then podefied.

9 VI. And whereas the Days appointed by the said A d for bold* ing General Courts are not convenientBe k therefore eoscted. That so much of the said Act as requires General Courts to be held on the Second Friday in Jaumary^ and Second Friday in July n rich Year, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act the said Company shall hold General Cowls of the said Company Twice at lead in each and every Yean, 00 the following Days; that is to lay, on the Second Friday ia JaamOry, and the Second Friday in Jot1*, in each and every Year.

VII. And whereas Maps and Plans describing the Place at which

8 it may become toeeefiary to make another Entrance into the tud

Bocks, betides such as are described in the said recited Act, msi ' such other Improvements as may ahb be beneficial for the cffe&iftg

the Fuiposes of the said Act and this Act, ia affording the Ac* f comraodation authorized to be given thereby and Books of Refer- race, containing a List of the Owners or reputed Owners and Oc-

9 cupiers of the Xaftd6 and Preftufes secessary to be taken for the9Purposes of the Aid Ad and this Act , hafre been depcfntd in the Office of the Clerk Of the Peace for the County of Smrrry: Bek therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the nut Com. paay to make another Entrance into the River Thames % bet wees Lamenier, Dock and the Qrdmanee Wbarfi at or near the Place marked in the Plan deposited with the ClcFk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, for the Parposes of this Act; any thing ia tb-Aid recited Act contained to the -contrary notwithstanding: And all and every the Powers, Clauses and Provisions of the said recked Act for enabling the Aid Company to purclwfe Leads. Tenement* Houses, Prendfes and other Hereditaments under the Aid Ad, for the Purposes thereof, and for enabling Corporate Bodies md incapacitated Persons to fell* and for afieifing the Value of any-Leads, Tenements, Houses, Premises and other Hereditaments purchased pr taken under the said recited Act, by a Jury, in case of ReUul or Incapacity of the Parties to fell; and directing the Application of Purchase Money; and for veiling Lands, Tenements and -Hereditc-tnents purchased by the Aid Company, in the Aid Company; and all other Powers, denies and Provisions in the said recited Ac contained, as to Pu rebates and Compensations shall be and the Ace are hereby extended to all such additional Works or Entrances, or Roads, Bridges or other Improvements, by this Act authorized to be made, or referred to, or marked, or described on the Map or Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, oa the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the Arne were ia this Act severally and Separately repeated, and made part of this Ac.

VIII. And be it further eroded, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Refereppe, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace Tor the said County, to the end that all Persons may at all fca-Anable times have Liberty to insped and peruse, and to take Copies or Ext rads thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Oae Shilling for every such Inspectson. and after the Rate of Four Pence for every Seventy two Words of such

Copies

A.p.i8n

(U*vi

45S

0350. HI.

Copies or Exinida of the said Book of Refaence;n4 tfot the £aia Company of Proprietors, m making the said Ruttaacc hereby authorized to be made between Lavender Dock and the Ordnaucf Wharfs both in tihe Parity of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the Compty of Surrey, and in waking all or any otbf r of the Improvement* heyreby authorized to be made, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the liw described in the said Map or Warn without the Coofeqt iu "Writing of the Person or Perfau* whafe Lands 9f Premises (Ml be wanted for their Purpose: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained Hall extend* or he condrued^Q extend, to authorize or empower the said Company, or any Perttua or Perfpof on their Behalf, tp take or use for the Purppfta of this Act, any H#v Gardena or Orchard* without the Cqquent of the Owners or Pro* prietara thereof in Writing full had and obtained* fire and WnfjL the House* Buildings, Land* Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, nwhed (A*)

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing io this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to empower the IWd Company to purchase any Land fronting to the said River Thames between Lavender Dock and the Qrdpance Wharf, exceeding Tw<Mi|in-dr«d and fifty Feet in the Front thereof; nor shall any thing oon* tpined in this Act or the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act nexed, empower the said Company to purchase in the whole a greater Extent of Land than Twenty Acres.

X. Provided always, and be it further enjufted* That afthiag in this Act contained mail be deemed or taken or he caaitnicd so as in auv way to prejudice or derogate from the pfotes* Rig}u*Vite-rests, Privilege!) or Franchises, which it is provided by the wd re* cited Ad shall not be prejudiced or derogated from, except ip^f, ach as the same may he affected by the particular j^rovifiops of this Act-

1 XI. And whereas a shorter and more convenient Footway may he made, leading from Grove Street to Great Rufcl Street, |n thp«Parity of Saint Man, Rotherhithe; Be H therefore further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Company# by ami with the Authority and Permission of Two Justicea of the Peace for the County of Surrey, to be by them certified in Writing under their Hand* to shorten and make more convenient the Footway leading from Qzoyc Street to Great Rufftl Street aforesaid; and for that Poipose, and in such case, and wiuunch Authority and PermilfiQn^to flop up Pr make such Alteration in the present Footway as way bp eecetfary; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the said Company to make any Alteration ip or upon that Part of the said Footpath which runs across the Hereditaments and Psewifes of or belonging to the Raft Country Pock Company* unless with the Consent of the Diredora of such Company* pr the Majority of them for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comply flb$ have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized* $9 make and set up one or more Swivel Bridge or Bridges, is the manner and of the Diroenfipns* and subjsd to the Regulations herein after mentioned, as the case shall require* over any of the public Roads or other Ways, under the Cpptrpul of the TruRees of the Roads there, within the Line described in the said Plan, deP°fite4 with the

G g 4 Clerk

[Proviso.]

Limitation $ to

Prorifr fqr Powei* already In Company.

A new Foot way from Grove Street to Great Russell Street.

Proviso for Raft Country Dock Company.

Swivel Bridget

ereeled.

Mode of making Swivel Bridges.

To be properly secured.

At what Hours Swivel Bridges opened, and Road-way (lopped.

I.arnps affixed at Corner of Bridges.

Ascent and Descent to and from fridges.

C.lxvL

51° Geo. III.

A.D. 1811.

Clerk of the Peace, in lieu and instead of the Bridges required by the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThA each and every such Swivel or other Bridge or Bridges to be made, set up or placed over any Cut, Canal or Lock made or to be made in any public Road, Street or other Way, shall be made with good found Materials, with a Road or Way over the same, and proper Approaches thereto, for the Passage of all and every Person and Personsj Carriages, Horses, Bealls and other Cattle; and which said Road or Way over every such Cut, Canal or Iyock shall be of the Width of Fifteen Feet, Seven Feet whereof at the leail shall be set put for a Carriage Way, and Two Paths or Causeways for Foot Passengers of the Width of Four Feet each at the lead, the said Footway to be raised Seven Inches above the Level of the Carriage Way, and the same shall at all times be properly feneed, iodofed ana secured from the Carriage Way, with flout Iron Railing of the Heighth of Three Feet at the lean, for the safe and commodious puffing of IVr-fons, Horses, Beads and Carriages over the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Bridge or Bridges shall at all times be kept (hut and elosed, and properly and effectually secured for the safe passing and repassing of Ml Person*, Horses, Beads and Carriages, upon or over the same, except as is herein after mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Bridge or Bridges shall and may be opened for the Passage of Vessels through any put, Canal or Lock into or from the said Bock or Batin, at any time between the Hours of Five of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the* Forenoon, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Lady Day to Michaelmas Day yearly, and between the Hours of Seven of the Clock and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and the Hours of Four the of Clock and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Michaelmas Day to Lady Day yearly, so that the same shall not remain, or be continued open, or the Passage over the same prevented or hindered beyond the Space of Fifteen Minutes at any One time, and so that immediately after the Expiration of such Fifteen Minutes the said Bridge and Bridges be properly fattened and secured, and not again opened when any Person or Persons shall be waiting to pass over the same, until after the Expiration of Ten Minutes from the (hutting thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, from and after any and every Bridge or Bridges shall be made, to affix and place one Glass Lamp, with proper Burners, at each Corner of every such Bridge or Bridges, and to cause the same to be properly lighted, and kept in Light from the time of Sunset to the time of Sunrise every Evening and Morning throughout the Year, for the safe and commodious passing of Persons, Horses, Beads and Carriages, over the said Bridge or Bridges.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Ascents and Descents, or inclined Planes leading to or from any and every Bridge or Bridges, made or to be made by or under the Authority of this or the said hereinbefore recited Act, shall be regular

A.D. 1811.

C.Ixvi.

457

51° Geo. III.

and gradual and /Kail not be steeper than at and after the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Heighth, to be measured from the Surface of the Street, Road or Way in which any Cut, Canal or Lock, shall be made; and that (for and notwithstandino any thing in the said former Act contained) all and every the said Swivel or Swing Bridge or Bridges so made, and the Pastage,

Way and Ways over the same, and the Lamps so difefted to be placed and affixed as aforesaid, shall at all times be maintained and kept in repair, fenced in and secured, supported, amended, rrinftated and kept in good and safe Condition for the Accommodation of the Public, by and at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company, Opening Swivel or their Servants or Workmen, shall open or cause to be opened Bridge*, or pr«-any Bridge or Bridges by this or the said former Act authorized to

be made over any Cut, Canal or Lock to be made as aforesaid, in or 01 Ar^[ across any Road, Street or Way, under the Controul of the Trustees rked, of the Road there, at any Hour or Time other than by this Act permitted, or shall at any Time when any Person or Persons shall be waiting to pass over the same, open or re-open such Bridge of Bridges before the Expiration of Ten Minutes from such /hutting thereof or in case the said Company, their Servants or Workmen, or any of them, shall at any time permit or suffer the said Bridge of Bridges to be re-opened or kept open contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall not falien, fence or secure the same for the free, safe and commodious Passage of Persons, Horses and Carriages over the same, then, and in every such case, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall, for every such Offence, Neglect or Omission, forfeit and pay to any and every Person and Persons, who or whose Horse, Bead or Carriage shall be stayed or hindered in passing over any Bridge so kept open or re-opened, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Penalty. Discretion of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, together with the reasonable Expences of the Information, Summons, Hearing and Warrant, the same to be levied and recovered from time to time by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Treasurer, Clerk or Agent to the said Company, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint shall be heard.

XX. Provided always, be it enacted, That in case any Person Company fiabla or Persons shall at any time or times, by or through the Negligence, to Cost*. Carele/Tness or Omission of the said Company of Proprietors, their

Servants or Workmen, suffer or sustain any Damage or Injury exT ceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, then, and in every such ode, the whole of the Damages so suffered or sustained shall and may be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer for the time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, together with Cpfts of Suit; and in which Action no EIToign,

Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowea.

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act, the Solicitor or 50 O. 3. c. ccvii.'Clerk to the /aid*Cojnpany is required to enter, as therein men- % i

tioned.

CJiti.

A.D. 1ftu.

Registry of Transfers.

Company may take Possessioo of certain Houses, See. marked in Schedule (A.)

50 G- 3. c. ccvii, §65. and Sch.Bj repealed.

Rates of Dockage. Sec. accord-in^to Schedule B<

51° GEO. III

tioned, a Memorial of every Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares

in the Stock of the said Company: And whereas Certificates fiped

by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time hem?,

ox the Number of Shares in the Stock of the said Company bod by each of the Proprietors respectively, hare been delivered to the said Proprietors respectively: And whereas it is expedient to re-«gulate the Entry of such Memorial; Be it therefore epaftrd. That no Memorial of any Transfer and Sale of aay Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company foul be made or entered unless and until the Certificate or Certificates which has or have been, or shall be given and signed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, of or in respect of such Share or Shares, or the Deed of Transfer to the Seller, which has or shall have been previously executed and entered in the Book or Books of the said Company, shall be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company at the Office of the said Company for the time being: Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, or any Seven of them, that such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer is loti or raisiaid, so as that the same cannot be produced, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Seven of them, by Notice in Writing, signed by them, to dire A the Solicitor or Clerk to make and enter such Memorial as is by the said Act directed to be made, notwithstanding such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed

of Transfer, shall not be produced as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may make the said flock or Docks and the Road* and Bridges conceded therewith, and take Fetiession for the Purposes of this Act of any of the Hoqfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or spelled in the said Schedule, in ease it appear to auy Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sarrsh and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or improper Description proceeded from Midake.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the bid recited Act as redrains the said Company from demanding, taking and receiving any greater Sums of Money, for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiving, warehousing and daring of Timber, Wood and Merchandize, than are mentioned and speciffed in the Schedule marked (B.) to the said Act annexed, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it foil be lawful for the said Company, from and after the passing of this Ad, to demand, take and receive for the Dockage of Snips ai.d Vessels, and for the receiving, wnrehoufing and timing of Timber, Wood and other Merchandize, any Sum or Sums of Moot), not exceeding the Sums of Money mentioned and specified.in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed.

XXV. And whereas no Provision is made in the fiud Act for the Recovery of the Dockage and other Rates and Charges upon

Ships or Vessels referring to, of 00 Timber and olfo?r Goods, Waxes < and Merchandize, denofite^ in the bid Docks and Premises of the said

A.D. 1tif. f 1° GEO. III. C.lxvi.

' find Oompaoy V Be k therefore further enacted, That, in case any Owner, or Master or other Pcitfoo hring the Command or Rule of any Ship Or Veicl, charged or chaTgesble wkh the Dockage and other Rates and Charge* allowed to he demanded and taken by the said Act or this Act, shall refuse to pay the same, then, «and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the Directors of the said Company, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to lie their Coj-ledbor or Collectors aa aforesaki, or any or either of them, from time to time to go on board such Ship or VessdL to demand, collect and receive the same, and on Non payment thereof, to take and disttain every such Ship or VesseL, and all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture or any Part thereof, either on Board or on Shore, and the kune to detain until he or they be fa tithed and paid the said Rates and Charges; and in case of any NngWA or Delay in Payment thereof, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said DireAors and their Successbra, and such Person or Peridot as they shall appoint as aforesaid, their CoUt&oror Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the same to be -appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Persons and Afterwards to fell the said Did refs and Drf-tresses, and therewith to (istisfy himself or thetnselyes, aa well for and concerning the said Rates and Charges fa oeglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Di&refs ana Distnefies shall be 'taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable charges in taking, keeping, appraising and felling such Distress, rendering to the Mailer or other Person having the Rule or Command of the said Ship or Vessel, in, to or from which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus (if any there shall be) on Demand; and that if any Owner, Consignor, or Consignee respectively, of any Timber, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, chargeable with any of the Rates or Charges mentioned in the Schedule to the said Act or to this Act annexed, or allowed to be taken under the Provisions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Rates and Charges before such Good*, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped or removed from the Place where the same shall be landed (as the case may be), then it shall and may be lawful for the said DireAors, or their Collector or Collectors, to detain the said Timber, Goods, Wares or Merchandize till the said Rates and Charges, together with the reasonable Charges of keeping the said Timber, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall he paid and satisfied $ and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall happen to be removed before the Rates and Charges payable for the same shall be fully paid, then it shall be lawful for the said DireAors, or their said Collector or Collectors, to take and distrain any Goods or Chattels of the Owner, Consignor or Consignee respectively, and to detain and fell the same in manner before mentioned; or the said Company shall and may prosecute any Action or Actions at Law for Recovery of the said Duties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessels shall at any time after the Rates and Charges by this Act charged shall become payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof, by any Method whatsoever, such Master, Commander or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the same; and the same shall be recovered from such Master or Owner by the same Method by which

f Fines

459

Proviso as to Cases when Dockage Rates not paid.

Eluding Payment of Rates,

&C.

+6o

former Act extended to Ad.

Expences of Ad#

[Public Act.]

C. lxvi. si* GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

Fines and Penalties imposed by the said Act ire directed to be levied and recovered, or by any Action or Adiona at Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, shall (as far as the same are not hereby altered, varied or repealed) extend to and be executed, applied, used and put in Force to all Intents and Purposes as to this Act and the several Matters and Things therein contained; and all the Clauses, Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act shall be put in Force, and used and applied for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act and of this Act; and the said Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, as fully and effectually as if all the Powers and Provisions, Matters and Things in the said Act were repeated and re-enacted in this Act and made Part thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the passing of this Act shall be paid out of the further Monies to be raised after the passing of this Act, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1811.5i0 GEO. III. C.lxvi.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

SCHEDULE (A.)

No.

on PLAN. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

I. Meadow Right Honble Lord"]

1 Carteret, Revd f Greville, and Ge- f neral Gower J Gray.

\ - Do. - Do. - Showell.

3- -Do. - Do. - Daniel Brent.

4- - Do. - Do. Joseph Read.

'Garden, Workshop,

5* gr Yard, New-built I f Sexton, Watson,

o. Cottage and Dwel- f - Do. - I Cole, Bell and others.

7*.Xng. - J

8. Warehouse and Wharf - Do. - f Messrs. Blackett, \ Gardner and Young.

9*Do. and Do. Do. beech and Company.

xo. Dwelling and Garden - - Do. Moffe Rigg. C Houselander and

ii. J Two finall Dwellings 7 - Do.

\ and Garden - J X Townsend.

12. f Wharf, Warehouses \ I and Dwellings - f - Do. Taylor and Alloway.

J3- f Small Dwellings in 1 i the Passage to Pa- > I geant's Stairs - J - Do. f Fifield, Smith, Pickup { and Harrison.

H- Carver's Shop - Do. Grayfoot and Coy.

I5- Passage to Stairs.__ -

16. Public House and Yard - Do. - Chevet.

I7* f Dwelling House and) I Yard - J - Do. Taylor jun.

18. 19. Sheds and Warehouses*Do. f Witt, and Coy and 1 Scott.

20. Stave Yard - Do. - Taylor.

21. Sheds, Dwelling and Yard C Dwelling, Wharf, 1 i Sheds, Warehouses, > - Do. Scott.

22. - Do. Jennings.

t Garden and Stable j

23- Wharf, &c. - Do. Rodgers.

24 CTwo Dwellings and7 X Gardens - J*Do. Branham and Scdger.

f Dwelling, Carpen- 1

25* i ter's Shop and Gar- > t den - J - Do, Hutchinson.

26. Wharf and Warehouses - Do. Jennings.

27* i Dwelling, Outhousesl .) and Garden - J - Do. Steel.

28. Yard or Court - Do. Showell.

SCHEDULE

4fo

C. t'xvi.

51° GEO. III.

AJkiikit,

SCHEDULE B.

Per Register Ton,

6 6 and pass

Dockage on Laden Ships, with 1 Permission of laying Six > Weeks - O

After that time, if remaining with a Cargo on board, per > Week - -J

Or if remaining without a Cargo on board, pet Week Ships coming in light for the first Six Weeks And if exceeding that time, per Week All Rigged Vessels coming to load Goods in the Dock Act Ships to pay for docking ic

A«4 for undocking 10 Lighters, Barges Small Craft to without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other? heavy Timber per Load - f

Wharfage of Oak and other I heavy Planks per Load - f

Deck Plank 9pet Load

Wharfage on large Timber and - [ Mails, per Load -11

Wharfage 00 ftnall Timber, / per Load - -1

1

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, per reduced Standard of 120

Wharfage on Deals from^w-ricaf per reduced Standard of 120 -

Wharfage On Oak Pipe and' 1 Hogshead Staves from the 15 Baltic, per Thoirfafed «. I

Wharfage on Oak Barrel and' 1 Heading Staves from the*13 Baltic, per Thousand

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton

d.

1 o

O 2 O I

o 6

O I

o 9

o o

o o

5 0 i

f Rent while Hared on the Pre- 3 mises of the Company, per \ i Load per Quarter Rent while stored 00 the Pre- mises of the Company, per Load per Quarter

"Rent while stored on the Pre- mises of the Company, per ? Load per Quarter - J

' Rent while stored on the Pre-j mises of the Company, per j Load per Quarter Rent while stored on Che Pre- mises of the Company, ter Quarter fer reduced Standard j of 120

Rent while stored on the Pre-] mises of the Come

2 6

times ot toe Company, per {

Suarterper reduced Standard J 120 - -J

ot 120

Rent while stored on the Premises of the Company, per Quarter, per Thousand 1 ' Rent while stored on the Premises of the Company, per Quarter per Thousand 'Rent while stored or hoitfed on the Premises the Company, per.per Toil

4

2 0

5

5

20 0

if

d -3

ware- nifes oft Week 1 0

Wharfage

A.D. 181 t.

C l*vi-4xxiw

51° GEO.

in.

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton

> 1

Wharfage on Pitch, Tar and Turpentine per Barrel from*o America or elsewher*

Wharfage on Oil* 252 Cal- k

Iona* per Ton -

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton

Use of the Coppers for boiling , 1 of Blubber* 252 Galions, 13 per Ton - -1

6

3*'

Rent while stored or ware- faoufed on the Ftftnifo of the Company, per Week per TonRent while stored or ware-housed on the Premises of the Company, per Week per Barrel -

Rent while stored or ware-housed on the Premises of the Company, per Week per Ton Reut while stored or ware-boufed on the Premises of the Company, per Week.per Ton

4*3 x. d. o 6

o 2

I o

I o

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for vesting in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Rutland the New Gaol and Bridewell For that County, and the Ground purchased for the Scites thereof, and for confirming certain Rates and Proceedings relative thereto.

[14th May 1811/J

Cap. lxviii.

An Act 19 repeal certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty X} o. j. c. 64* for building Two Chapels, and providing Burial Grounds thereto* in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for amending the said Act.

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. beix.

An Act for building and establishing a Church or Chapel of Eale, at Buxton, in the County of Derby.

[14th May 181s.]

Cap. lxa.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde9 near Garion and Dal/erf, in the County of Lanark.

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxi*

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of His mefent Majesty, 34 0.3. c. zoo. avrrlalrj to making a Public Way over Fosdyke Wafts, in the County of Lincoln; and for granting further rowers for building a Bridge over the said Walh.

[14th May z8'n.J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 30 0.3. c. 1x4., lent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to Olney, and other Places, in the County of Bucks. (c) [14th May 1811.I

[Additional Trustees!\

Cap.

4*4

C.lxliii, lxxix.

A.D. 1811.

4 G. 3. c. 6x. 25 G. 3. C. 107.

35 G. 3 c. 164.

30 G. 3. c. 100.

9 G. 3. c. 86. 11 G. 3. C. 57.

6 G. 1. c. 25. it G. 1. c. 10. a8 G. 2. c. 30.90.3. c. 64.; 18 G. 3. c. 8i.

6g 3.C. 68.

alG.3. C. 9&.

5f GEO. III.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A As of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Derby to Maiuftli, and several other Roads in the County of Nottingham. (b)

[14th May 1811.]

£.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ccafc, an// mw 7o/Zr jrnsfci. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Guide Post below Haddon y out of the Bakewell "Turnpike Road-, by Grx; i Milt, into, the Bentley and Ashbourne Turnpike Road, in d: County of Derby. (£).[14th May i8u 1

£Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. Ixxt.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in tie County of York, to Sparrow Pit Gate, and several other Places in the County of Derby; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith. (6) [14th May 1811.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Toth ot

Sunday."]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Fojbrook, in the Parish of Dilion, to Chcdleton, in the County of Stafford. (a) [14th May 1811.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Baldock to RoyJU*> and from Royston to Bourn Bridge, in the Counties of Hertford and Cambridge. (a) £ 14th 1811 ]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls grant 11]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing tie Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to BiggU/wk in the County of Bedford; and other Roads therein deficribed. (0)

[14th May 181 i.j i £Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxix. # I

An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from j Wimbome Minster to Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset.[b) \

£ x 4th May 1811 ]

[Additional Trustees J

Caf.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEO. III. C.lxxx — lxxxi*. 46$

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near 9G*3*«.55. a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parish of Billingfhurst, in 3° G. 3, nx. the County of Sussex, to join the Horsham and Guildford Turn pike Road on Broadbridge Heath, in the said County, (a)

[14th May X8XI.3

[Double Tolls on Sunddy]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of Mis present 9O3. c. 43. Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Golford Green9 in the »9°*3*c*4* Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sand* hurjit and from the Green near Benenden Church to Rofoendtn Croft, in the County of Kent, (a) [14th May x8li.]

[jFormer Tolls to cedfe, and Hew Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads to and from Shawbury, in the County of Salop, (?) [14th May x8li.J

Additional Tnflees.

Cap. lxxxiii

An Act for allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brightwell, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [14th May 1 Six.]

Cap. lxxxi7.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Fyfield, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. f 23.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Garjington in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [14th Mdy l8il.J

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for enclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lauds in the Parish of Little Ponton othertrife Little PAunt on y in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.) [14th May 181 i.J

Cap. (xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Llanfyllitt and Mechen Ucboed\ in the County of Montgomery. (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for ioctosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands' in the Parish of Somerbyr iit the County of Lincoln (q P.)

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Teirlref in the County of Montgomery. (q. P.) [14th May iCli.J

51° Geo. III.

Cap.

ilh

4«6

Crxc — c.

AJJ.iSiu

SI° GEO. III.

Cap. xc.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Beeley, in the County of Derby, (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 18, 191 20.

Cap. xci.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of IVilden, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)

[ 14th May 1811]

44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § ao.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlley, in the County of Wonejter. (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Westbury upon Try a, Henbury and Compton Greenfield, in the County of Ghnucfltr. (q-P.) [14th May i8n.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townshipi of Leighton and Thornton, in the Parish of Great Nefiou, in the County of Chester. (q.P.) £i4th May 1811]

Cap. xcr.

An Act for allotting, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Chifhill and Little Chijhill, in the County of Essex. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Linds is the Farish of Pirton, in the County of Hertford, (q. P.)

' [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Tovmship of Ofgodhy, and Parish of Hemingbrough, in the LA Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) tHth May 1811.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lyont* Kill, Cionoclie, Celbridge and Donnacompott, in the County of Kildare. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stewilej, in the County , of Buckingham. (q.P*) [14th May 2811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 25, 26.

Cap. c.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woolhamptm* and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of

Merit. (q.P.) [14th May

Ctf.

A.D. 1811.

C.ci — cviii.

467

51° GEO. III.

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads 5 0*3 e.io*. in the County of Stirling and the Road from or near from the West End of the Town of Linlithgow to Stirling, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, (£) [21st May 1811.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for'improving the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

[21st May 1811.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act to enable Doctor Robert John Thornton to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with Several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance..[21st May 1811.]

Cap. civ.

An Act ifor altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His 47 G. 3. S«£ a. present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the

Pari lb of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuisances therein.

[21st Map 1811.]

[Former Rate is, 6d, repealed, and Rate of 3*. levied, .]

Cap. cv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present 8G.3ze.38. Majesty, for making and maintaining the Birmingham Canal Na< 9G, 3* c«53* vigations, and for further extending and improving the same. G*3*9*-

[a1st May 1811.]

*4 G. 3. SeflT. ft. c. 4. 34 G. 3. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c xciL

Cap. cvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal and a Railway or Tram Road from the River Burry, at or near the Village of Penclawdd, in the Parish of Lanridian, into the Township of Borough of Loughor; and divers Branches therefrom, all in the County of Glamorgan.

[21st May 1811 J

Q12, 000/, and, if necessary, 8, 000l. additional.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates of the Parish of Clapham, in the County of Surrey; and to alter, enlarge, rebuild or repair the present Workhouse, and to regulate the Poor thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and to amend so much of an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding a Parish Church, as 14 a. 3. relates to the assessing the Church Rates by the Land Tax.

[21st May 1811.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 33 G* 3*c sent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Stole Inn Road, and from Clay don to the Bury St, Edmund's Road, and from Taxley Bull to Eye and Lanthorn Greenin the County of Suffolk, (r)'[21st May i8ti.]

[New Trustees, Former Tolls repealed, and new Toils granted.]

H h 2 Cap.

8G..?. c. 3 5-30 G. 3. c. 9a

6 G. 3. c. 8o a6 G. 3. c. 149.

36 a 3. c. 141.

C. rix — cxvi. ^51* £EO. IJL A.D. 1811.

Cap. cif.

An Act for making and mainlining a Road \fytyfi /Cjpgjfa* «/« Thames to Leather head, in the County of Surrey, (h)

{2i& M*y 1811.]

Cap. px»

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudburfi, in the County of punt. (r)

[21st May 1811.]

[Additional Tolls.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Long Prefit ts Sawley, in the Wed Riding of the County of York. (a)

[21st May 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of His pit-sent Majesty, for repairing the Roads . from Brimming ton and Chester-field, to several Places, all in the County of Derby. (<x)

[21st May 1811.]

[Additional Tnfiees. Former Tolls repealed\ and new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls Oft Sunday.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of Hiiprr* sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Tarmontb to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk, (b) [21st May i8n.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for effectuating an Agreement between the Reverend Antkm Hamilton Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Great Hadham, in the County of Hertford, and Jena Gordon Esquire; and for accelerating the Sale to the said Jena Gordon of certain Lands heretofore enjoyed, as Parcel of the hid Rectory, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax of such 1 Rectory. (q. P.) [aifl May 1811]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfltip and Parish of S#t»

: Ross, in the East Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) 1

[21st May 181 i.J

Cap. cxvi.

An Act £0 enable the Mailer and Brethren of the Hospital of King James, in Gatcjhcqd, in the County of Durham, to grant Leases of Lands thereto belonging, and to enable the Lord Bishop of Dnr» ham to make Statutes and Ordinances for the Governjnent'of the said Hofj>it*l.

[q. P.)'*[11& May iSn.]

Cf

C. cxviU — cxxvi.

510 dsa nr.

ckvfi.

An Act for inclosing LaAds in the Parishes of Newmarket and Cvm, in the County of Flint. (qJ P.) [2'1st May 1811.]

41 Allotment to'Hft hiajfcll'y. § j8.

Cap. cxvill;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari (lies of Llanarmon9 Handegla and Bryneglwys, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, (q. P.)

[2lft May 1811.]

" Allotment to His Majesty. § i^.

Cap. cxlx.

An Act for inefofiAj? Lands in the Parishes of Fundcnhafl and Ash-wellth^rfe', in the County of Norfolk'. (q.P.) [2 1st May i8ll.]

Cap. cxx

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stoke Ta Image, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [21st May l8l I.J

44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §16.

Cap\ cx*i.

An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands within the Townships of Warton with Lindeth and Silverdale, in the Parish of Warton, in the County Palatine of Lancajtir. (q. P.) [2ill may l8n.]-

44 Allotment to His Majesty.' j 20.

Cap. cxxii:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near the Public Wharf of the Brecknock and* Abergavenny Canal, in the Parish of Saint John the Evangefif, in the County of Brecon, to* or near to a certain Place called Parton Croft, in the Parish' of Ear-di/lcy, in the County of Hereford.

[25 th May x8il ]

[50, 000l. artd'ifnece/Jary 15, 00bI. additional-

Copi ekxtu.

An Act for making a Railway from the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canbt, it* tHev Parish of LlanWenarth, to or nedr' to Llanvihangel Crucorneyi in the County of Monmouth.

[25th May 1811.]

[20|Obof. and if necessary. 15, 000l. additionalr.J

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for inclosing, draining and embanking Lands in Bratsnton, in the County of Devon* [25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for more Equally assessing and collecting the Poor' Rates, 'in the Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of M'tddlrfex.

[25th'May itfli.j

Cap. cxxVi.

An Act for repairing, enlarging' and improving the Parish Churfch of Hungtrfird, in the Counties of 2fcr£r'and Wilts.

[25th Jlfojr 18x1.3

H h 3 Cap.

47.

C. cxxvii — cxx^v.

A.D. 1811.

*3 0.. c. 17. repealed.

9 G. 3. c. 74. i port repealed, and 33 G. 3 c. 163. and 44 G. 3 c.li. repealed.

iS G.j. C. 71. J0O.3.C. 39.

SI. GEO. III.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Haddington; and for repdering more effectual the Statute Labour of the said County, (b) [23th May 1811.]

"9G. 3. c. 74. as to regulating the Statute Labour, and as amended by this Act, made perpetual.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pudfcy, in the Parish of Catverley9 in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands inv or belonging to the Pariikee of

Cai/lorf North Kelfcy, South Kelfcy % Clixby, Grqfby and Scarhy cum Owmby, in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.) [25th Mhy 1811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §24.

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands, in the fevml Parishes of Biddestone Saint Nicholas, Biddefione Saint Peters and Slaughterford, in the County of Wilti. (q. P.) [25th May iSn.J

Cap. cxxxii

An Act for inclosing Qucrnmorc Moor within and Pared of the ' Forest of Qucrnmore, in the Parish of Lancastert in the County Palatine otLancaster. (q. P, )*[25 th May 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. §28.

Cap. cxxxii.

An act'Act for enlarging the Powers of T.wo Acts of His present Majesty, for inclosing and embanking the Marsh called Maildraeth and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anglesey; and for draining sod preferring the inclosed Lowlands contiguous thereto.

[j1st May i8ir ]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near Spittal, in the County or Durham, to Kclfa, in the County of Roxburgh; and for erecting and maintaining a Bridge oyer the River Tweed from the Parish of Nor ham, in the County of Jjurham, to the Parish of Coldstream, ift the Cotinty of Berwick. £31st May 1811.] [100, 000l. and if necessary 50, 000l. additional.J

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary IJlingtdn in the County of Middlesex.

[31 ft Miay 1811.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for authorizing the Payment into the Bank of England, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, of the Portions provided for the younger Children of the Moll Honourable

A.D. 1Hiu

C.cxxxy — cxliii.

51° Geo. III.

able Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, by the most Honourable Mary now Marchioupfs Dowager of Dovnshire and Baroness*Sandyi, by the Settlement < made after, in pursuance df Articles executed before their Marriage, and for exonerating the £ dates comprised in the said Articles and Settlement from the same, (q. JP.) [31st May 1811.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates at Deal and Cliffc, in the County of Kent, belonging to the See of Canterbury $ and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [31st May 181 i.J

411

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Elmswell, Great Ash* field, Hunfton and Norton, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)

[3id May i8|i.]

(c Allotment and Compensation for Tithes §17.

Cap. cxxxriii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton, father County of Middlesex. (q. P.) [3id May i8ji.]

?* Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20, 23, 24. No Leaf;

" by Vicar of Hampton of Lands in Right of Vicarage of Hampton

" good without the Consent of the Ring. §28. Allotment to the*

u Ring. §31.

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Wells next the Sea,

Warham All Saints, Warham Saint Mary Magdalen and Warham Saint Mary the Virgin, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

£3id May iSjiJ

Qap. cxl.

fin Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Killington, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P. V

[3id May

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §25, 26.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for inclodng Lands in the Parish of Tjlehurst, in the County of Berks, (q. P.J [31st May iSli.J

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Padures and other Commonable and Waste Lands in the several Parishes of Beenham and Padworth, in Berks, (q. P.)

[31st May 18x1.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. £ 22, 23, 24, 25*

Cap. cxliii.

Act for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpool,ofi^t'x.PR. and amending the several Acts relating tc* the Docks, Quays and ti CJ.Vc. 32. 9ther Works belonging to the said Port. £ioth June 18x1.] 1 G.3 c. 86.

CrC*liy--clL

s^Gsa in.

A.D. 18h.

4J

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for malting a Harbour and Wet Dock, at or near Saint Sif kolas Bay, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas and All Saints, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for making, a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour to the City of Canterbury.

[loth /irsMSu.]

[160, 090/., and if.necessary 8o, QpO h additional Cap. qxlv.

Act A A to enable the Company of Proprietors of the KentWater ^hoojooooh] Works to raise a further Sum of Money*, and to alter and enlarge

49 0.3. the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making the said

fecfesiuEt Water Works, and to extend the fam[10th Jane i|ix.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for payings cleaning, lighting and watching the Street1, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries. (I)

[10th June 18ti.]

w-a7 (?. 3. c. 57. as to paving, lighting, and; cleansing Dumfries " and regulating the Police, and raising an Assessment for those P«-u. pofep, repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

so G. s. c. 7; An Act for improving the Harbour of DumfriesT and the Navigation 4G.J.655. of the River Nith.

[ loth Junf 181 i.j

3* 57* /i

la part repealed. Caf- cxlviu.

An Act for extending, the Horse Towing Path on the Banks of the

River Severn from Worcester Bridge to a certain Place below the

City of Gloucester, called the Lower Parting, situate at the Comer

of Pbrtham Mead, in the County of Gloucester.

[10th June 1811.]

[10, poo/, and if necessary 5, 000l. additional

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of LLuufi, in the County of flint.

[10th June xSn.J

u Allotment to His Majesty. §41.

x Cap. cl.

Xa Csr.a. c. 37. An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second, for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the $tjpqqds of thp Rector, Curate, Clerk and Sextons of the bid Pwft.- [loth June 1811.]

Cap. cli.

foG.3, c. ns. An Act tq#t^Ue(the Yeftrymea of the Parish of Saint Mary Is Bom, 46 G3* C, 4°; County of MidMesex, to build a new Parish Church, and

Two or more Chapels 5 and fqr. otbpr Purposes relating thereto.

[10th June x8u.]

Veftiymep under 35 CL c. 73. to cany Act into execution. § u

C*b

AD'jftirt

p0 GEOi Ul>

C. clii — clr.

473>

Cap. cliL

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of &tYn*7ij, in the County of Kent.

[loth June i8tiij

Cap. cLni.

An Act for amending an Act of His. prefer* Majesty, for more equally and effectually a (Telling and collecting the Poor Rates, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex* [loth June 18-11, 3,

Cap. cliv.

An Act for paving, improving and regulating the Streets and Public Places in the Borough and Parifl* of Barnstaple; and for the better Regulation of the present Markets, and providing others therein.

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. clr.

An Act for paving and improving the - Streets and other Public Barrages and Places which are or shall be made upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the Brewers' Company, in the Parish of Saint Pom-cras9 in the County of Middlesex.

[i©th June 1811.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act for making, a Public Carriage Road from Kentifl Town, to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex.

[toth-JW 1811.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Ightham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone, in the Taid County. (b) [loth June 1811.]

Cap clviii.

An Act for repairing the Road through the Patrifties of Sdint Michael, Shim Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex. (a)

[10th June 1811.]

[Additional Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. clix*

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of Sis present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough oi Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall; and for amending certain other Roads passing through the said Borough and the Parish of Lanhydrock9 in the said County, (r) [loth June 18Ik]

[New Trustees. New Tolls. Double Tolls am Sunday.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for inck>$ng Land* in the Manor and Parish of Kir/lington9 in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [loth June .1811.]

f* Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 19. 2s.

Cap.

SO G. 3. c. ccix.

31 G. 3. c. 108. repealed.

9 G. 3. c. 69.^ % 6 G. 3. c. 119.

C. olxi — clitvi.

5^ Geo. ra.

A.D. 1811.

Cap. clxi.

An Act for dndofing Lands in the Parish of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.) [loth June iSil.j

44 No Lease made by Rector of New Radnor of his Allotment with*«out the Consent of His Majesty. §26.

Cap. clxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of DolgeUey and Llangelynin, commonly ealled Cclynin, in the County of Merioneth.

[roth June 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. $ 18, 19. Note. This Act does not u contain the Publick or Evidence ClAufe.

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tovnship of Laugfet othenrifr Langfxdt, in the Parish of Penifton, in the West Riding of tie County of York, (q. P.) [10th June 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. §4. Allotment and Compensation " for Tithes. §24.

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Buriam, in the County of Kent. (q. P.) [loth June 1811.]

Cap. clay.

Aji Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llanarthney* LLnrn* Llandebyc and Llanfihangtl Aberhy thick % in $he Cqunty of Car martben. (5. P«) [10th June i8}ij

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from or near the Three Qrpnet, in the Parishes of Saint James Garfck Hythe and Saint Martin Vintry* in the City of London, to the oppoiite Bank of the said Riven in phe Parish of Saint Saviour, in tip County of Sv^rrey; and for making proper'Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS from the great Increase of Buildings and of Population in the Borough of Southwark, and the Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, and in a

£ine of Communication therewith, great Inconvenience and Interruptions are occasioned to the Transit of Carriages of act Descriptions, and to Persons passing over London Bridge; and it will be of Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Southward and of the Parishes and Places lying adjacent thereto, and also to the Inhabitants of the City of London and the Public in general, if a Bridge was ene&ed 4 over the River Thames, from or near a certain Wharf or Place called The.Three Cranes, situate on the North Bank of the said River, in the Parishes of Saint Janies Garlick By the and Saint Merita Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank pu the South Side of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour in the County of Surrey, and if proper Streets and Avenues were made to communicate with the said Bridge on the North and South Rods

4 < thereof

A.D. 1811, $1* GEO. III. Q>clxyu. 4JJ

thereof respectivelf: And whereas the several Persons herein after

named are willing and desirous, at their own Coils and Charges,

to make and maintain such Bridge, and widen and make Streets

communicating the rewith May it therefore plqafe Your Majesty that it may be enaQed; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament afTtm-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Abdy proprietors Baronet, William Abbott, Daniel Adams, Mary Allmond, Anne All- N^nyw. mond, John Allnutt, Barclay, Berlins and Company; Charles Bar-tram, Elhanan Bicknell, the Reverend Henry Bliniinfop, Thomas Brand ram, Charles Burrell, James Browell, Thomas Blunt, Charles Bums, James Brewer, David Caddell, Robert Child, William Child Senior, William Child Junior, Ward J. Chriflie, Richard Clarke,

Richard Cox, Thomas Croucher, John Cur wood, A. Davidson, John Dallimore, Frederick Dietrickfon, Michael Dodd, Thomas Elgar, C. Augustus Efcbke, Samuel Evans, William Ferrant, Thomas Fitzgerald,

Sir Charles Flower Baronet, G. Gorft, N. Graham, William Greavest

Robert Griffin, George Gwilt, Godwin and Company, Gilbert Hands-syde, Gilbert Handcsyde, John Harter, John Hammett, William Higley,

Charles Hutton, James Jacks, John Jaclfon, James Johnson, William Jjfcri's, Alexander Johtijlqn, George JuRan, Henry Keiijingtofh Thomas king, Benjamin Kent, H. Ladbrooke, John Leech, John, Lceke,

S. Lobb, James Lomas, Robert Lyfon, Robert Lyfon, John Sudlow,

William Mar da U, R. Mar doll, D. Mardall, L. Mar line au, John Maud, James Milines, William Moyfes, Charles Motley, J, P.

Mufpratt, Nixon Mudford, Andrew Nash, George Nash, Thomas Hcttle/bipp, William Nettlshipp\ Samuel Nettleshipp, John Newman, -N. Nicholls, M. A OJlen, A. C.D. Ojbourn, Samuel Paynter, John Paynter, Lewis Palejle, Robes t Pott, Arthur Pott, Charles Trice,

James Pitcher, John Perrell, George Ranking, Benjamin Rankin»

Richard Rankin, Joseph Ranking, Ramsbottom and Company, John RamJbottQm, J. Ramsbottom Junior, Richard Ramsbottom, James Ramsbottom, William Rothercy, J- P. Ripley, Hor Ripley % the Reverend William Ripley, George Ripley, Philip Ripley, F, P. Ripley,

Samuel Robinfqn, William Salts, Joseph Sales, William Stoffell, Robert Slade, William Slade, John Snowden, William Lcgh Snowden, Thomas St anger, Hugh Stanger, John Tayhr, Augujlut Thcfigcr, Robert Vaux,

William Walker, J* Watson, Robert Wat mere, Ralph WewUzer, John Whitehead, J* B»A. Wiltre, Joseph IVifon, James Wilson, G.lVilt-fiire, John IVyatt, Robert Whitby, IV. IVylRs, Walter Honey wood Tata, Florence Toting, Count Zenobio, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall at any time hereafter subscribe dr contribute to the raiGog of the Capital herein after mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing, widening and maintaining the said Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorised to be made, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of u The Southwark Bridge Company and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have

Company may raile among themselves a Sum not exceeding 400, 0001

Shares personal Eilat*.

Subscribers to have Votes according to Number of Shares. Not to exceed Five Votes,

G* clxvi. 51* CxE(5. lit Ajjzttin.

full Power and Authority to ptirchkfe Lauds, Tetie'mefils and Hereditaments, to them and their Successors, for the Use of the said Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorized to beJ widened and made, and for the several other Puroofes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and also to refeil any of the Lands, tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act in manner herein after irientioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the' Grid Company of Proprietors to raiserand contribute arhohg thern-fe4ves any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding irr the whole'the Sum of* FViur hundred thousand Pounds (except as herein after is mentioned), which faitl Sum or Sums of Money shall be laid out aid applied in the first Place in discharging the ExpenceS of obtaining and passing this Act; and of the Surrey*, Plans and Eft inflates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making and completing^of the said Bridge, and paying the Par-chafe Money for the Memiages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and for the*forming, widening, making and completing of the necessary Streets thereto, and otherwise for putting this Act into Execution, and that the Grid Sum of Fbur hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One btiudred Pounds each; and that the said' Shares shall be and they are hereby vested in the said several Persons, and Bodies'Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so subscribing? and their federal and respective Executory Administrators, Successors and' Affirms, to their and every of thrir proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall fever-aHy pay and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, their several and refbeftive Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall levefally subsenbe for One or more Share or Shares, mall be entitled to and receive an equal proportionable Part, according to the Mbriey so by them respectively paid, ' of the Profits and Advantages that fhxfl and may arile and accrue by the Tolls, Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act, as herein after mentioned; and every Biody Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and Person and Perfor.5 having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, fh*lf bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the same* in manner herein directed and appointed,

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons of and in the said Undertaking, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, nave subscribed or undertaken for Five Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have one Vote in the several Assemblies to be holden as herein after appointed for canrying on the said Undertaking, for such Five Shares, and if possessed of Ten Shares Two Votes, if Fifteen Sham Thitr Votes,

and

A.D. 1ftn*

C.clxvi.

477

jr GEO- W.

and if Twenty Shares Fqur Votes, and Twenty five Shares and upwards Five Votes: and every Questiop, Matter or Thing which shall he proposed, difcuiTed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, bich Majority not being Iqfx than Two thirds of the Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Five Votes in the whole for each Proprietpr as a Fore said; provided that the Members present be posseued of not less than One hundred and fifty Shares, which Vote or Votes jiay be given by them, bun or her, or by their, his or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or under the Hand of such other Person, emery fuph Proxy being a Proprietor in the bud Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and JPurposes as if such Principal had voted jti Person; and every Question, Matter and Thing which shall be proposed, dif-cufied or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votea and Proxies then present: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

I A.B. of, one of the Pro-

prietora of the Southwark Bridge, do hereby nominate, constitute

and appoint C.D. of, to be my

4 Proxy in my Name, and in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent or Diflent to any Business, Matter or Thing, relating to the bud Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any A (Terribly of the said Company, in such manner as the said C.D. shall thins

proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit

of the said Undertaking, or any thing appertaining thereto. In 4 Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand, the

4 Day of /

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the first General Meeting to be held under this no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote, who has or have not possessed his, her or their Shares, and whose Name or N*?8 hath or have not been entered in manner herein after directed, in the Books of the said Company, as the Possessor or PossessqrH and Proprietor or Proprietors Qt such Shares, for the Space of Six Months then next preceding, at any General pr Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, under Paiu of forfeiting his, her or their said Shares, and all Benefit, profit and Advantage, due and to become due thereoq, to the Use of the said Company, unless it , shall appear that it shall be owing to the Default of the Clprk of the said Company, that the said Party so claiming to vote as aforesaid, hap pqt he^n. entered in the Books of the said Company, as herein directed, or to the De* fault of any other Person other thaji the Party fq claiming to vote as aforesaul: Provided allq, that no proprietor or Proprietors shall be or be deemed to be entitled to vote for any Shares, uqjefs be poCfcft the same bona fide and in his own Right, and not in the Right or as tht Property of any other Person whorasoever, upon Pain of forfeiting

Form of Appointment of Proxies,

Proprietors not entitled to vote unle&possessed ef Shares Six Calendar Months*

Provif#,

47?

C.dxvL

A.D. 1811.

ji°G£0. m.

Sower to raise a fwthet Sum.

Piper tortile such, further Sum by Mort-pge or Annui-tiefc

felting the said Shares, and all Benefit, Profit and Advantage, doe and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, hereinbefore authorized to be raised, U be found inefficient for the building and completing of the said Bridge, and the widening, forming and making of the said Streets, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and all neceflkry Charges and sixpences relating thereto, and such other Charges and Expences as afore (kid, then and in such case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and coa-tribute among themselves in manner and form also resaidj and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to Faife by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Slim of Money for perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and all and every Person and Person8, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Subscribers towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Pro. prietdr or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote or Votes in respect of every of his, her or their Sham of the said additional Sum to to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (band interested in all the Profits of the said Under-taking, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they shall 01* may fob-icribe thereunto, and generally and extendvely to all Intents sod Por-poses, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed lor, and raised as aforesaid, had originally been Part of the said Sub of Four hundred thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That id case the said Company of rroprietors shall be desirous of raising the hid Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interei all or any Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, either by way of Mortgage of the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pont* age or Duties thereof, or by granting Annuities, to be payable out of the said Tolls, Pontage or Duties of the said Bridge, during the natural Life of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of fock Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of fad Purchaser or Purchasers; which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Surmor-snip, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors dull think proper; and the said Company are hereby fully authorized ind empowered, under their Common Seal, to grant or assign over the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pontage or Duties thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, or for the due and regular Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities so to be granted, as to them shall seem meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Grant or Assignment so to be given as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by way of Mortgage, shall and may be made in the Words following, or by any other Words to the like Effect j that is to say,

\K

D.i8n- 51° Geo. III. C.clxvL 479

t

T5 Y virtue of an Act made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Form of Most* Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here fit forth the Title of the Ad-\, We, the Southwark Bridge Company, incorporated under and by virtue of the said Act, in con-^deration of the Sum of to us lent

and advanced by A % B. of

do grant and convey unto the said A.B. his or her Executor!, Administrators and Amgns, the said Bridge, and Toll House or Toll Houses thereunto belonging, and all and singular the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and all our Right, Title and IntereS of, in and to the same, To hold unto the said A.B.{a) Successoraor Executors, Administrators and Alligns, until the said Sum of

with Interest for the same after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid

and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this Day of in the Year of Our Lord

(a) [3*0 in Original Act.]

md all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate Mortgagme*. r Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Grant or Con- tid^toSecunq^ eyance shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the respective 'ortions of the said Tolls and Revenues of the said Company of Proprietors, according to the respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment of such respective Sums, with the Interest, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any Grant or Conveyance, or any other Account whatever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Grant of any such FormofCva* Vnnliity, to be made as hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be of Annuity, nade in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

TOY virtue of an Act made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here fit forth the Title of the Ad\ We, the Southwark Bridge Company, incorporated by and under the said Act, in consideration, of the Sum of to us paid by A.B. of

do grant unto the said A.B. (h) Successors or Executors, Administrator* or Alligns, out of the Tolls and Pontage Duties of the said Bridge and Undertaking, One Annuity or yearly Sum of^to be paid and payable to the said'yf.2?. (h)

Successors or Executors, Administrators or Alligns, for and during { the natural Life of or natural Lives of

1 [1/ more than One], and the Life of the Survivor of them [as the case may he], and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity up to 1 the Day of the Decease of "or to the Day of the

r Decease of the Survivor of them [as the case may be-\. Given under ( our Common Seal, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Grant shall entitle the Purchaser or Purchasers of every such Annuity to the* Payment thereof, and to all Benefit and Advantage thereto accruing, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act. (h) [So in Original Act.]

X. And be it enacted, That a Transcript or Copy of every such Entries of Mart-, Grant or Conveyance, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing g*ges anHAnmii-the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, IhaB tics m Com-

13 be pa">'s BooU

C. clxvi.

A.D. rtu.

51 GEO. tlL

be made in a Book or Books to be kept'for that PdTpose, by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, which Book or Books shall be peru fed at all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the hid Undertaking, without Fee or Reward.

Mortgages and

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Annuities Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any fock transferable. Grant or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time personsaily, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Grant or Conveyance to any Person or Person>, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so toties quoiiei; and that the Assignment and Transfer shall and may be made by IndoHr-sent on such Grant or Conveyance, and in the Words or to the E'ffe& following, and be signed and sealed, or sealed (as the case ngr be) in the Presence of One credible Witness, who shall subscribe ki Name and Place of Abode thereto: that is to say,

T A.B.

[or We C. and D.] in consideration of the Sum of

paid by E.F. of

do hereby sfflign and transfer the within Security, and

all my [or our] Right, Title and Interest, in and to the same, ard

all Benefit and Advantages to arise therefrom, unto the said E.F,

Successors or Executors, Administrators and

4 Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal, [*r our Haods and Seals,er our Common Seal] this Day of

in the Year of our Lord*/

Entries of Trans. feit in Cum-pany's Books.

Fee.

Interest and Annuities paid Half-yearly.

Mortgagees and

Annuitants not considered as Proprietors of Shares.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall within Ten Days then next, cause m Entry or Memorial to be made thereof iu like Manner as of the original Grants or Conveyances, and after such Entry made, but sot till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Alignment or Transfer shall be made, his, her or their Successors, Executor*, Administrators and Assigns, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Gitct or Conveyance, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom, and for the Entry of every such original Grant or Conveyance, and of every such Alignment and Transfer, the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid by the Party to whom fuph Grant, Conveyance or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Mosey which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the fevml Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall from the time the respco tive Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, ia preference to any Dividends or Distribution to the said Proprietors of the said Company or any of them, and shall be duly provided fer and set apart before such Dividend or Distribution Audi be made or declared.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons to whom such Annuity shall be granted, or Mortgage or Ailment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of any such Annuity, Mortgage or Assignrne; t, at any Aflkmbly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for

A.D. 1811.

C.chvu

51° GEO. III.

481

r on account of his, her or their having paid, advanced or lent any [oney on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and the Tolls thereof } aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums Notice of paying F Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and ^Mortgages, ifeharged save and except with the Consent of the Person or Per- C*

ms entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money), unless Six alendar Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the said lompany of Proprietors shall have been given to the Person or Perms entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his r their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention > pay off and discharge the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly* General

f the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execu-

ion shall be held at the London Tavern, or such other Place as the 001Pany-'ommittee or Court of Directors herein after appointed shall direct,

pon the Twenty first Day after the passing of this Act, or within thirty one Days from that Day, or as soon after as conveniently nay be, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o'Clock, and all uture General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors (except uch Special General Assemblies as herein after mentioned) shall be idd on the First Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every fear, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o'Clock, at such 3lace or Places as the Committee or Court of Directors herein after ppointed for the time being may direct, of which future General Vflcmblics Ten Days previous Notice at least shall be given by Public Advertisement, to be inserted in One or more of the London News-)apers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors it their respective General Assemblies shall direct; and in case no Place or Places shall have been so appointed, then such General MTembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden; md at such General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee )r Court of Directors of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution; which Report shall be fairly filtered into the Book or Books of the Company kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, and a Copy of the same shall be left at the Clerk's Office for the Perusal of the Proprietors, who shall have access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Chairman, Proprietors, at their respective General and Special General Aflem-

blics, shall and may appoint a Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but iu case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better managing Cmnmitte# of and cqpdufting the Affairs of the said Company, there shall be a Proprietors. Committee or Court of Directors of Fourteen Proprietors, and that

John jdllnuU, James Brewer, John Curwood, Charles Hutton, John Jadson, Henry Perkins, Robert Pott, John Ramsbottom, George Ranking, John Richard Ripley, William Salle, William Slade, Robert Wilks and John Wyatt, shall be the First Committee or Court of Directors, and called I he Court of DireQion, and shall continue until the Third General Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, sod until others shall be chosen in their Stead, unleU any Member 51° Geo. III. Ii # of

4*3

Pvovifa.

Committee to sppoiut Ciuir-Bun*

Power to General Assemblie*.

Penalty,

C. clxvi. 51° GEO. 0L A.D1811.

of the said Committee or Court of Direction Aiall die or be removed, or shall dispose of his Stock, so as to reduce the same below Tea Shares: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contrail under the said Company shall he capable of being elected or of serving upon such Committee 6r Court of Direction during the time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract, nor unless be shall possess and hold in his own Right Fire Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction shall and may at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their said Office, the Number of the said Committee or Court of Direction not being less than Three, appoirt £ Chairman by and out of the said Committee or Court of Direction; and that no Member of any Committee or Court of Directkra W have'more than one Vote upon anr Question that may be agitated it the said Committee or Court of Direction, except in case of u Equality of Votes, and in that case the Chairman shall have the de-cifivfe or calling Vote, although he might have given one Vote bssoit,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-

Srietors shall have Power and Authority at any General Assembly or special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to remove and displace any Member or Members of the Committee or Court of ibiredlion nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, and thereupon elect any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make Rich Rules, Bye-Laws and Orders for the good Government of the said Company, of the said Committee or Court of Direction, and of their Servants, Agents or Workmen, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking, and from time to time to alter and repeal the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflidl such reasonable Fines acd Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye-Laws or Orders, as to such General or Special General Assembly shall feefn meet not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye-Laws and Orders being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all IV ions concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justifjr all Persons who shall act under the same; provided that thef same be not inconsistent with, or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them 5 and such Rules, Orders and Bye-Laws shall be subject to appeal in manner herein directed; and all Accounts of Mosey received, laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by thetteafurro, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in or about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging! flutU be bid before the hid Jg General

A.D. 18it.

C.cferi.

Sf GEO. III.

4*3

General or Special General Assembly, to be audited and settled; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from time to time to such Place or Places as shall at such General or Special General Assembly be thought proper and oonve- / ntent.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or 3absequent Ap*> Court of Direction so appointed, or the Person or Persons elected in pointment <*f their Roofn or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office Committee by until the First Tuesday in May after such Election, and on such Day Four of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of Office by Rota* the said Company, unless re-elcfcted as after mentioned; and in order to determine who of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, mall, and he is hereby required to write upon Fourteen Pieces of Paper of equal Size, the Name of One of the said Committee or Court of Direction, on each of such Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those Four of the Committee or Court of Direction, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, unless re-elected as after mentioned, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Four Members of the said Company, who shall severally be possessed of and entitled in their own Right to Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking; and such Four Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, except in case of Death or Refusal to act, dr ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being re* moved or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly or Special (a) Assembly convened for that Purpose, and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May> Five more of the Committee or Court of Direction first elected by virtue of this Act, as Part of the Committee or Court of Direction, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, unless re-elected as after mentioned; and in order to determine who of such Five of the Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Ten distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of the Committee or Court of Direction on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Five of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those of the Committee or Court of Direction whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office, unless re-elested; and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company, qualified at (tf) [$* in Original J

I i 2 hfortsaidj

C. cKyL

A.D. 1811.

ft

51° GEO. III.

aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Two Years (except in case of Death or Refufelto ad, or ce3fing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Five remair-ing Members of the Committee or Court of Direction first appointed by virtue of this Att, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead shall go out of Office, unless rc-elcded as after men-

[Proviso.]

tioned; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company qualified a aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Five Persons so elected shall continue a Office for the Space of One Year, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and the First Tuesday in every succeeding Month of May in each acd every Year, Four or Five Persons, as the case may require, out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall b? 'elected by Ballot as aforesaid by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; acd such Four or Five Persons as may be so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Deaths Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the fd

Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, agiia to be a Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction.

In c*fe Com-

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such MhitefTon^sy Tuesday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomioitioi mentioned, and Appointment of such Members of the Committee or Court d another Meet- Direction shall be made, then and in every such case another Mert-

ing for that ing of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuesday Fortnight

Purport. following for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no

such Nominatiou and Appointment shall be then made, then and ii every such case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuesday Fortnight following for the Purpose of making such Election, and 10 toties quoties until such Members of the Coro-mittee or Court of Direction shall be chosen, but such Members if the Committee or Court of Direction shall r.ot continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction for any longer Space of time than if he or they had been elected ou the bid First Tuesday in May as aforesaid.

Subsequent

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or

Coramlneeln0 .^ersons eteded by the said Company as a Member or Members of Room of those the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company shall die who shall die, re- or refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to hern* fiifeto art, or be- titled to Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, or shall hold come disqualified. any placej Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction to elect out of the said Companr

of

t \ i \

A; D. 1811« 51° Geo. III. C.olxvi- 4S

f Proprietors so'me'Perfpo or Persons qualified as aforesaid, to b6 a dember or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the aid Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of he Committee so dying orrefufing to act, or ceasing to be qualified, r holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company; and every such Election of a Member of the said Committee or Court of direction shall be submitted by the said Committee r Court of Direction to the said Company of Proprietors at their then ext General or Special (a) Assembly, when the Election of such ^rfon or Persons shall either be confirmed, or such other Person or 'ersons qualified as aforesaid shall be elected a Member or Members f such Committee or Court of Direction as the said Company of Voprietors at such General or Special General Assembly shall think roper; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Wers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules, Regula-ions and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Room or itcad he or they shall be so elested, and shall continue in Office as a flember or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction for such ime and no longer, as the Person or Persons in whose Room or itead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office. a) [So in Original 43. J

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Member Member of

r Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, shall for Committee ne-

he Space of Three Months refuse or neglect to attend a Meeting of gfc&inj to

he said Committee or Court of Direction to be holden in pursuance wCni5°rl?Iea

f this Act, then and in every such case such Member or Members er

t> not attending, shall cease to be of the said Committee or Court

f Direction, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining

Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction at any of their

rlcetings, or a Majority of them, and they are hereby required to

left another Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, to be a Mem-

ier or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, in the

loom or Stead of the Person or Persons so not attending; and each

nd every Person and Persons so elested, shall have the like Powers

ud Authorities) and be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and

iellriftions, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members

f the said Committee or Court of Direction, for such time and no

jnger as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they

tall be so elected would have continued in Office.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall hold No Person con-ny Contract or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or beernedjj1 eneficially employed, or in any manner interested or concerned directly yot^ to r indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of

he said Company, shall have any Voice or be entitled to a Vote at ny Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee or Court of Diction during the time that he shall be so employed, concerned or iterested as aforesaid; and in case any Person being' a Member of he said Committee or Court of Direction, shall hold any Contract r enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in upplying any Article or Materials for the Use of the said Company, nd shall vote at any such Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee >r Court of Direction, then and in every such case every such Per-na so voting at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall forfeit and pay,

I i 3 for

penilly.

Assemblie* of

Proprietors spe-tUlly convened.

Notice.

[Proviso.]

Committee to appoint Officers.

C.ckvb 51° Geo. III. AJXilu*

for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who ftpH (ue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % by Action of Debt, or on the Cafo, or by Bill, Plaint Or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the' other Moiety shall be paid to the hid Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the Person or Persons so convicted shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, and no Proprietor of the said Company, or any Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company in^erected in any such Con trad. Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any tine appear, that for the more effectually putting this Act into Executioa a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietor* is necessary to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more of the said Proprietors who collectively may be possessed of or entitled to One hundred Shares at the leak in the said Undertaking, by a Notice under their Hands to be given to the Clerk of the said Company to require the said Clerk to giwe Notice of such Special General Assembly, and the said Clerk shall and he h hereby required, within Seven Days from the Receipt of such Notice, to give Fourteen Days Notice of such Special General Assembly is One or more of the London Newspapers, or in such other manner at the lajd Company of Proprietors may at any General Assembly direct and appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason, Ocasion and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the time when arifl Place where the lame shall be holden, which Place shall be within Three Miles of the said Bridge, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Noth' \ and such of them' as (tiall be present at such Special General Assembly (liidl proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matter* so specified in such Notice only; and all such Acts, Orders or Deter, minations of the said Proprietors, or the Majority of them met together at every such Special General Assembly, provided that the Proprietors present and represented by Proxy, shall be possessed in their own Right of ai leak Two hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be as valid with respect to the Matter* Specified in such Notice, as. if the same had been done at any dated General Assembly: Provided always, that in case the said Clerk shall not when so required call the said General Assembly, it shall and may be lawful for the said Tep Proprietors by a fitnilar Notice to call such Special General Assembly; which laid Special General Assembly Thall have the same Power, Privilege and Authority, zod be in all Respect* considered the same as if it had been called bf\k Clerk of the said Company.

XXVII. And be it further eoq&ed. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction for the.managing and conducing the Affairs of the said. Company of Pro-

prietors,

C.dxvl.

4*7

A.D. 181& $i* GEO. III.

rietors, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time tp ime, to nominate and appoint a Treasurer or Treasuren, Engineer r Engineers, Architect or Archite&s, Surveyor or Surveyor* Clerk r Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates nd Tolle herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and such other )fficer8 as to the said Committee or Court of Direction shall feeip roper, and from time to time to remove any such Treasurer or 7reasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Aiqbite&s, Sur-eyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Rp* eiver or Receivers, or other Officers, or any of them, and to ominate and appoint another Person or Persons in hia.or their Room r Stead in manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such ^reasurer. Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk, Collector or Ro* eiver, or other Officer, ' for the due Execution of their rtfpcftive )ffices, and granting to them respectively such Salary and Cotn-enfation as the said Committee or Court of Direction shall think roper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books o be provided by the said Committee or Court of Direction far hat Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the fames and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Jndertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from time to time iccome Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares herein, and of all Acts, Proceedings and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee or Court of Direction respectively; and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking Inflation of tiall and may, at all convenient times, have Recourse to and peruse Proceedings, nd insped the same, paying for such Perusal and Inspection the urn of One Shilling and no more, and may demand, and nave Copies hereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Vords so to be copied the Sum of Nine Pence, and so in Propoi, ion for any greater or less Number of Words; and if any such Clerkr Clerks to the said Company of Propietors shall refuse to permit ny Proprietor or Proprietors to interested as aforesaid, to iafpeft or icrufe such Book or Books of Accounts and proceedings at ail onvenient Times or Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall, for every such Dffence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Appointment of awful to and for the said Committee or Court of Direction to remove Officers in case ny Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, of Vacancies. Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company; and 0 case any such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk.

Tolle&or, Receiver or other Officer pr Servant of the said Cora->any, shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, of of the said Committee or Court of Direction, then and in every such case it shall and may he lawful tp md for the Committee or Court of Direction to appoiat any other it Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction; and it shall and may be lawful to and far the Com-, nittee or Court of Direction of the said Company tQ fufpctfa anf Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Re-peiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, and td#ap*

Pi^poiut

488

C.clxvi.

A.D. 1811.

Officers, &c. to account.

51° GEO. III.

point any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so suspended from the Service of the said Company, and also from time to time to appoint any new Officer or Officers as they the Committee or Court of Direction Audi think necessary for the Affairs of the said Company, consequent upon such Suspension.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, -Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other -Officer or Servant of the said Company so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under his or their Hand or Hands, at such time and times, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee or Court of Direction shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee or Court of Directive, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, tree and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together >vith the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his or their respectire Hand or Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Directors(a), or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or other Person, shall refute to produce or deliver up such Accounts, Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, within Twenty Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Direction, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as. upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or as they shall respectively direct and appoint, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cauf: to be brought any Action or Actions against the said Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk* Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or it Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Direction, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer (?) [So in Qrigityil 48.]

C. clxri.

489

51° Geo. III.

>r Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, without some easonable Excuse, shall be and reiide, such Justices may and they are icreby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under heir Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Archited,

Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or 3ersons so neglecting or refilling, to be brought before them, and ipon his, her or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear md determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Con-'eflion of the Party or Parties, or by the Toftimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that iny of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised or received >y virtue of this Act (halt be in the Hands of such Treasurer,

Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer: >r Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and they are icreby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels af such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector,

Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the same, or if such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver,

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall (till perfilt in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts,

Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the cases aforesaid, such Justices shall Imprisonment. commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County,

City or Place, there to remain without Bail cr Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee or Court of Direction, and shall have paid such Composition, in such manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts,

Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction; but no Treasurer, Engineer,

Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Person so committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of time than Three Months.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Autho- powers of rities hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee Committee, or Court of Direction, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Persons present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number r

present not being less than Three, and every such Committee or Court of Direction shall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall fsubjed nevertheless at all times to such Orders and Directions as yforciaid j meet at such Times and Places, and shall from time to time

adjourn

49*

C. clxvK

$x* GEO. III.

A.D. 1Sa,

ffovlTo.

proceedings entered in Books of Company, Evidence.

CommirtcesTnay make Calls.

adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places a* they shall thmk fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meeting the hid Committee or Court of Direction shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted and settled by the hid Company of Proprietors at such General AiTemblies; and the hid Committee or Court of Direction shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditament! that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Bridge, Street or Streets, or other Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may make Agreements, Contracts and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers and other Persons employed or concerned in making, continuing and completing the said Bridge, Street or Stmts, or other Works hereby authorized, and all and every Part or Pun thereof; and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall (subject iievertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General or Speed General Assemblies as aforesaid), have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Compauysf Proprietors, and the said Committee or Court of Direction mall by themselves or the Clerk or Clerks for the said Company of Proprietors keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies disbursed and Bay* merit a made by the said Committee or Court of Direction, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, 'and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in respect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Col* le&ors of the said Rates or Tolls, or from any other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed ia or having any Concerns, Dealings or Transactions with the said Us* dertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves or their Clerk or Clerks of (a) the bid Company as aforesaid, write, insert and enter in a Book or Books to be from time to time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Pro*

firietors, Notes, Minutes or Copies (as the case shall require), of any uch Contract, Bargain, Receipt and Disbursement, and of all their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept under the Care and Direction of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company aforesaid: Provided always, that every Proprietor in the said Undertaking shall have free Access thereto upon every reasonable Define for his or her Inspection, on Payment for such Inspection of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, (a) [Sq in Original yfd.J

XXXI. And be it further ena&ea^ That all Orders and proceeding* of the said Company of Proprietors at their several and respectirc General or Special General Assemblies, qr of their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, at their several Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purposes respectively, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed respectively by the Chairman of such General or Spc-cial General Afftmbly, Or by the Clerk of the said Company, or by the Chairman of such Committee or Court of Direction, or by thptf Clerk, and such Order and Proceedings respectively shall be deemed and taken to be Originals.

XXXhi. And it enacted, That the ffiid Committee or Court of Direction. (tall have Power from time j$o time* to make such C*N or*. > ' Calls

LD.i8xi.

S i9 GEO. III. C. clxvL

#9«

"alls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the lid Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the same* s they the said Committee or Court of Direction, from time to time lall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no fudt "all shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundredounds, (except as herein after mentioned) and such Calls shall not e made but at the Didance of Thirty Days at lead from each other* nd Twenty one Days Notice at lead shall be given of all such Calls s aforesaid, by Advertisement in One or more of the London News-tapers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors lall at any General Assembly direct and appoint; provided that it piovilb, tall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company in Obedience to heir said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by lis, her or their Subscription, he, she or they had undertaken to pay* or his, her or their said Share or Shares, and every Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Uuder-

aking, shall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the Monies

o be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such

Time and Place as the said Committee or Court of Dirc&jou shall

rom time to time order and direct; and if any Person or Persons Calls not pod,

hall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportion*

tble Part of the Money lo called for as aforesaid, at the Time and

Place appointed by such Committee or Court of Direction, or within

Fourteen Days next ensuing, he, she or they so neglecting or refiling,

hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share

fie, (he or they shall have in the said Undertaking 5 and in case such Penalty.

Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three

Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then

and in every such case, he, she or they so neglecting or refuting, shall forfeit his, her or their respective Share and Shares in the said

Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which

Shares so forfeited, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors* Scares forfeit*

in trust for, and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors,

in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special (n) Af-

fcmblies, be publicly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors*

whose Shares gnd Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid:

Provided nevertheless, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in Advantage the said Undertaking shall be, or be deemed to be incurred, save and taken of For-except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by fciture vmluMrt the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee or Court of Direction*

shall have been given to or left at the Jaft or usual Place or Places of Abodp, of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares nefpec-tively, and in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Qvvnetr or Owners shall not be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Committeeor Court of Direction, then fufh Notice shall be inserted once in the London (gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares shall like wife have been declared to be forfeited at same General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors. (a) [So in Original '

Act.}

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the refoe&iv* Subscriters to Persons who have subscribed, or who, shall hereafter subscribe or pay Subscriptron*

A.D. 1811.

492 C. clxvi. 51° GEO. III.

advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively sub- (bribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of and agreeable to the Powcn and Directions of this Act), at such Times and Places, and in such manner as shall be directed by the said Committee or Court of Direc.

Failure. tion; and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall negledor

refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place and Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby em-

Sued. powered to sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty'i

Courts of Law or Equity whatever.

Proceedings in»XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all A (Elions brought

A Aioos for Calls, by the said Company of Proprietors against any Person or Perfooi who hath or have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or agaimt any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or to many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or Calls of such and so many Sum and Sum9 of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the case may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action, it shall be only necessary to prove, that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fad made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Tea Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Dif* tance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (layed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two fuf&cieat Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also, if the said Judgment shall be affirmed or the said Writ of Error be nonprofled, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Cofti adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXXV. fto-

A.D. 1811. 51° GEO. III. C. clxvi.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber r Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous > pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Com-rittee or Court of Direction, or of the Person or Persons whom iiey shall appoint to receive the same, the full Amount of his, her or leir Subscription or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares, for diich he, she or they, may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not eing a less Sum than One hundred Pounds, without waiting for the lid Call or Calls to be made, then and in such case it shall be lawful >r the said Committee or Court of Direction to pay to the said Sub-: riber or Subscribers so paying in Advance as aforesaid, out of the 'unds of the said Company, Interest: upon the Sum or Sums so ad-aneed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon lie Amount which such Payment in Advance may be over and above le said Calls, and from the time of advancing the same up to the ^riod of each subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum hen in Advance over and above the Amount of the said Call.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person nd Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her or their; veral and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and \.fsigns, who shall have severally subscribed, and shall pay in the Sum r Sums of Money so subscribed by hhn, her or them, or such Part or 'arts thereof as shall or may be demanded of him, her or them, rom time to timfe in lieu thereof, ou Account of his, her or their espective Subscriptions or Stock, towards the carrying on and competing the Works aforesaid, shall be entitled, with the Affiant of a Jeneral Court of Proprietors held for that Purpose, to Interest on very Instalment so demanded and paid, at a Rate not exceeding ?ive Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Interest shall commence rom the time or times that such Instalments shall have been respectively paid, or from such subsequent time or times as such General louvt shall appoint.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or )whers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the aid Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall lave been made for the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any ihare or Shares which he, she or they shall have been possessed of or ntitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise how nd in what manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and ow and by what means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be iaid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of the aid Undertaking, then and in such case the Executor or Executors, ^dministrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian r Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person orersons entitled to the Estate and Effects of any such deceased Owner t Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all nd every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every oth; r 'erson or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her or their laving paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have left Affels ufficient, or io case the Executor or Executors* Administrator or

Administrators,

493

Committee may allow Interest to Proprietors on Payment in Advance.

Power to General Aftembliea to give Interest.

On Death of Subscriben before Shares completed, Executors, Sec. may do it.

494

C.clxvl.

A.D. 181r.

faulty.

Shares may be fi*L

Form of Conveyance of States*

JI# GEO. III.

Administrators, Trustee br Trusteet, Committee or Committee*, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calk for the Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing, Signed by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors* shall law been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to adirfit any other Person eh* Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she or they, so admitted, do ttnd shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Tniflees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, of the Infant or Infants, or other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her or their Effects, the full Sum or Surtts of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of aoy Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same ean be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking; and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it. shall and maj be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. of

Sum of

Southwark Bridge, being

4

the said C. D.

in Consideration of paid to me by C.D. of dp hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer to the said C. Z). the

Capital Stock of and in the of my Share

in the said Undertaking, To hold to Executors, Administrators and .* Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that I held the same immediately before the

Execution hereof; and the said C.D. do hereby agree to take

and accept the said* Capital Stock or Share of

subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions.

As witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being er* ]cuted by the Sellar or Seliers, and the Parchafer or Pui&baun of

iJD.rti*

C. clxvi.

si* Geo. nr.

49>

jch Share or Shares), shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Pur* hafers for his, her or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to be said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper look or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such 'ransfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have tedied and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of lale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Six Fet« ence shall be paid; and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby squired to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until ich Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, ich Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the 'rofits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or hares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof 5 a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such No Shares rid loney shall have been made by the said Committee or Court of a )iredion as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any 0Uey hare or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the said U11-ertaking on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or hares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in Tmft for the lenefit of all the said Proprietors, unless at the time of such Sale r Transfer, such Person or Persons shall hare paid and discharged to be Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and ntire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified nd declared at a General or Special General Assembly, in manner efore directed.

XL. And whereas, in Cases where the original Subscriber or' A equation of Subscribers of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking Shares by Mar-shall marry, die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the ge. Will or iia Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right- and Interest to some ^initarion other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares, as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof* Be it berefore. further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who lall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arising from the said Jndertaking in Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the By Marritgej irae, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Mar-age, shall be made and sworn to by tome credible Person before One f the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJlmm/lcr, or Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary jn Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and mpowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Ufidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the time being, who shall file the same, and make Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the lid Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares

ia

496

By Will or in Course of Administratiuii.

By any other Means.

Ksenes of Proprietors and Numbers of Shares entered, and Certificates of Number delivered.

C. clxvi. 51° Geo. III. A.D. 1811.

in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probate thereof, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or Clerks, cj* an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Aden-liiftratiou in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by any Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects

ias the case may happen to be) before One of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, a Mailer or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the same in the manner herein mentioned, and that in all cases other than as hereinbefore mentioned, where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Under taking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and fwoni to by Two credible Persons, before One of the Judges iu (<i) His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or a Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to fudi other Person or Persons 5 and the said Judges, Mailer or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that be may and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors, in the Register Book cr Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and that in all or any of the said cases- it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Compary of Proprietors* at any General or Special General A fie nobly, ai; ?r Six Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Person or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days between each Advertisement, in some One or more of the Lea-(jon Neivfpapers, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such case the same shall be and become forfeited and fold, and disposed of in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company. (a) in Original A3.]

XLI. Ana, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required at their Fit ft or at some subsequent General Assembly, or as soon as conveniently may be, to cauie the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they arc then reflectively entitled to hq}dj and also

the

V.D.i8ix«

C: chvl.

497

51° GEO. III.

he proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to e fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by he Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry nde, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall Ho cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of he said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Sub-criber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, le or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Cer-Lfieate for each separate and distintt Share, in case any Proprietor of lore than One Share shall request the same, every such Proprietor oying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Six Pence, and no more* or every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or In-: rument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of he Title of such Subscribers, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but he Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or*revent the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares from felling r dispoiing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument iiall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be ascertained o have been lost or destroyed, then and in such case another Cer-ificate shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the same Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum Power to Pro* od Sums of Money which shall, previous to the passing of this Act, pnetor* to re-rave been paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Under- c*y*r Money aking, for or on account of any Share or Shares therein, to any ^rfon or Persons whomsoever, shall be accounted for by fuen °; ous l0 ?erson or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their of Ait. Committee, or Gourt of Direction, and shall be paid to the said Com* mny of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or o such Person or Persons, and at such time or times as they shall efpe&ivtly appoint; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same Iiall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, from he Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account the same shall ave been paid in such and the like manner, and by such ways and leans, as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid y or received on Account of the said Company of Proprietors, after he passing of this Act.

XJLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Authority re o and for the said Company, and their Successors, their Deputies, Company to Vgents, Servants, Workmen and Assistants, and they are hereby build uthorized and empowered to design, direct, order and build, or ause to be built, and to complete, maintain and keep in Repair with Itone and Iron a Bridge across the River Thames, from the Bank r Shore thereof at or near a certain Wharf or Place on the North ide of the said River called the Three Cranes, in the Parishes of 'aint James Garltck Hythe, and Saint Martin Vintry* in the City of London* to the opposite Bank on the South Side of the said River, n the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, and to dig nd make proper Foundations in the said River, and on the Lands md Grounds lying on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abut-nents of the said Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks of the aid River in such manner as shall be necessary and proper for milding the said Bridge, and to cut, remove, take and carry away 51G10.HL Kk all

4S'

To build Stairs and plying Places at each Side of each find of the Bridge.

Places for Materials.

A free Passage left for the Water of Six hundred and sixty Feet.

C. clxvi. 5f GEO. III.

all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in any wise tend to hinder the erecting and completing the said Bridge, and execute all other Things requisite and necessary, useful or convenient for erecting and building, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and further, that for the Purpose of erecting, building, maintaining, repairing and supporting the said Bridge, the said Company shall, from time to time, bare full Power and Authority to land on either Side of the said River, within One hundred Yards of the Sciteof the said Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the dune, and there to work and use such Materials and Things, according as they the said Company, and the Persons to be by them appointed shall think proper, without any previous Agreement with the Owner or Owners of the Property on which such Materials and other Things fhaM be landed, worked or used, or of the Tenant or Tenants thereof; doing as little Damage as may be, and making such SatisfactKn as herein after mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken or made use of by means, or for the Purposea of this present Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be constructed at each End of the said Bridge, and on each Side of each End thereof, convenient Stone Stairs and plying Places for the Use of the Watermen and Wherrymen rowing upon the River Thame*, from Wtndfvr in the County of Berks to Gravesend in the County of Kent; and that they the said Watermen and Wherrymen shall have the free Use of the said Stairs in the same manner as they have of the Stairs and plying Places at Westminster Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, and which said Stairs and plying Places shall, at all times after the same shall be made, be kept in Repair by the ibid Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take upon Lease, or to agree for the Use and Occupation of proper Places within Three hundred Yards of the Approach to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof, for the Purpose of depositing Stone, Iron, Timber and other Materials for building the said Bridge, and to sell the same, in such and the like manner as is herein after directed with respect to Iwk not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVI. And, to the Intent' that the Navigation of the said River Thames may not be obilruded, be it further enacted, That there shall always be and remain a free and open Passage or Passaget for the Water to pass and repairs through the Arches of the Bridge to be built by virtue of this Act, so as to confbtute a clear Water Way of Six hundred and sixty Feet, at the least, within the Banks of the River, and that none of the Arches shall have a left Waterway than Two hundred and ten Feet in Width through each and every of the said Arches; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall not make any Embankment or Embankments above or below the said Bridge, on either Side thereof, that shall extend more tbaa Fifty Feet in Length, above or below the said Bridge, or tnakefoch Embankment to extend into the River, within Five Feet of the ncarefl Part of either of the Arches next to the River Banks.

7

LD.iftii

C. clxvi.

499

51° GEO. III.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Not more than Voprietors in building and erecting the said Bridge, shall not eredfc Two Centre* r place more than Two Centres at one time under the Arches or , n lht

itended Arches of the said Bridge whilst the same shall be building,

nd shall not begin to erect any other Centre until One of the said 'entres fhati have been entirely removed, so that there shall not at ny time be more than Two whole Centres Handing, being or remain-ig under the Arches, or intended Arches of the said Bridge; nof rail the said Company of Proprietors cause or permit any other unne-eflary Obstruction to the Navigation in the Erection of the said fridge; and in case more than Two Centres shall be Handing, recting or remaining at the same time, or any other unnecessary )bHruftion made as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall ?move the same within Twenty Days after Notice in Writing shall be elivered to them, or left with any of their Agents, Clerks, Servant! r Workmen, by or by the Order of the Lord Mayor for the time >eing of the City of London for that Purpose; and if the said Com* iany of Proprietors shall neglect to remove within the time specified n such Notice, such Centres, or other Obstructions, then it shall be awful for the said Lord Mayor for the time being, to remove, or: ause the same to be removed, and from time to time as the same shall tecur, and the Charges and Expences of any such Removal shall be orthwith paid by the said Company to the said Lord Mayor for the ime being, or his Order, together with the Sum of Twenty Pounds Penalty, or every Neglect to remove any such Centre or Centres, or Ob-Iruction, when required as before mentioned; the said Sum of Twenty Pounds to be recovered by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLVIII. And whereas it may happen that after the said Bridge Temporary shall have been completed and in use, the same may receive Damage Brides 1 by unforeseen Accidents, so that the Passage thereof may for a 1 time become dangerous and impracticable; Be it further enacted.

That when and as often as it shall so happen it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Coro-.nittee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall and may appoint for that Purpose from time to time, as often as Occasion shall require, to erect or )uild a Temporary Bridge at such Place or Places near to the Scite af the said Bridge as they shall judge to be moH proper and convenient, and there to take and receive for Passage over the River Thames by such Temporary Bridge such Tolls as are hereinbefore authorized: o be taken for passing over the said Bridge: Provided always, that removed* such Temporary Bridge shall continue for such time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and rendering; be Passage over the same safe and commodious.

XL! A. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Company may ful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at their own proper widen Colls and Charges, to lower or raise such Parts of a certain Street Street* called Queen Street, in the City of London, and to widen and make other Alterations therein as may be deemH proper for the more convenient and suitable Access to the said Bridge, and to allot and lay out such Part thereof for Carriages, and such Part thereof for Foot Passengers as they shall think proper, and to cause to be dug up and carried away, out of, or to be brought into QueenStvcet aforesaid,

Kka such

5 oo

C. clxvi,

A.D. 1ffu.

Prorifa

Street from Btnkfide to BfedCmanStreer.

Company taking Land belonging to the See of Winch eft er.

gt9 GEO. III.

such Gravel, Stone, Sand and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Acts which they shall judge necessary or conducive to the Purpose* aforesaid, and to fell ana dispose of the old Materials, and to apply the Money arising the reby towards re-imbursing their Charges, and like-wife that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall think fit, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Poiition of any of the Spurs, Steps, Areas, Cellar Windows and Watercourses, Pipes 01 Spouts belonging to any of the Houses, and also the Leaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpose of conveying Water into any House or other Place shall be laid into or from any Pipe laid down by any of the Companies or Societies who fumish the Inhabitants of the City of London with Water, and to remove and alter the Course and Di< rection of any Sewers or Drains, and to remove all other Obstru&iocs, so as the same respectively be done with as little Detriment and Ic-convenience to the said Companies, Societies and Inhabitants, as the Circum (lances of the case will admit, and so as the said Company of Proprietors do relay all necessary Pavements, and make all neceflkrr Drains and Sewers in the Room and Stead of those they shall so remove or alter as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein cod-tained shall extend to charge the said Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Pavements, Sewers, Drains or Alter, ations in future; but that from and after the same shall be so rclaid, altered, repaired and made good as aforesaid, the same shall for rvtr thereafter be kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies as now are or hereafter shall be chargeable there with.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby powered to design, lay out, open and make a spacious and convenient Street, Way or Pastage, not less than Sixty Feet in Width fan House to House, from the South Side of the said Bridge, at or nar a certain Place or Alley called Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman Strat, both in Southwark aforesaid, so as to open opposite, or as nearly up. pofite as may be, a certain Road made or intended to be made pursuant to an Act made in the last Session (a) of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. (a) does not appear to be an Act of the last Session, but to be 49 G. 3. c. cluin. See CVp.clxxv./o^.]

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any wife be construed to extend so as to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors to tab any further or greater Quantity of Lands or HerediUfl*ntt belonging to the See of Winchester, for the Purpose of making, completing and maintaining the said new Street intended to be made from Htrfi Shoe Alley to Blackman Street aforesaid, than shall be deemed need* fary and sufficient for the making, completing and maintaining such new intended Street, without the Content in Writing of the Lord Bishop of Winchester, and his Successors for the time being, first had and obtained for that Purpose.

LII. And whereas, m order to make a gradual Ascent to ibt said Bridge, on the South Side thereof, without destroyingorin*

commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carriages,

(along

C.clxvi.

LD.i8ti. 5i° GEO. III.

501

along the present Street or Road, called Banifide, Southwark, it may be necessary to construfl an Arch over the said Road or Street, under the ascending Avenue or Entrance to the said Bridge, on» the South Side thereof: And whereas in making the said Street to communicate with the said Bridge, on the South Side thereof, from Blackman Street, Southwari % it may be necessary to take up and remove the Pavements of divers Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets, through or over which the said new Street from Black- man Street aforesaid is intended to be made; 9 Be it therefore further Power to make nacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- anArchwiywer any of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, at their own Bankfide* roper Costs and Charges, to make or cause to be made an Archway ver the said Street or Road called Bankfide aforesaid, of a Width ot being less than Twenty four Feet, at the Bottom or widell Space hereof, of a Height being not less than Fourteen Feet from the Cen-re of the said Arch to the Level of the said Road $ and also, that it iall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, nd they are hereby also required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to take up or cause to be taken up, all or any Part of the 'avements of the several Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets aforesaid, hrough or over which the said new Street is intended to pass, and o repair, raise, relay and pave the Carriage-way of the said new street with Scotch Granite, and the Foot-way with Yorkshire Flag tones, and put up and affix a sufficient Number of Polls, Lamp 'oils and Lamp Irons, and otherwise make the said new Street fit )r the Transit of Persons, Horses and Carriages, and to allot and ly out such Parts thefeof for Carriages, and such Part3 thereof for 'oot Passengers, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Com. uttee, or Court of Direction, mall think proper, and to cause to e dug up, and carried away out of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts nd Streets aforesaid, and to be brought into the said intended nets treet, such Gravel, Stones and other Materials, and to employ such utificers. Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Acts hich they shall judge necessary or conducive to the PurposeB afore-iid, and to repair, raise and relay the Pavement of the Alleys, Lanes,

'ourts and Streets on each Side of the said intended new Street, hrough and over which the same is intended to pass, so as the free 'adage of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets may not be.bftru&ed or impeded, and to sell and dispose of the old Materials, nd to apply the Money arising the reby, towards re-imbursing their Charges; and likewise, that it shall and may be lawful to and for he said Company of Proprietors, if they shall think lit, at their own roper Costs and Charges, to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Position f any of the Spurs, Step* Areas, Cellar Windows and Watercourses,

*ipes or Spouts, belonging to any of the Houses, and also the «eaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpose of conveying Water ltoany House or other Place, shall be laid into or from any ripe laid own by any of the Companies or Societies who furnish the Jnhabit-tits of the said Borough of Southwark with Water, and to remove 11 Drains, Sewers and other Obstructions whatever, so as the same e done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said bmpanies, Societies and Inhabitants, as the Circumstances of the !afe will admit, and so as all proper new Drains, Sewers and Water-ourses be substituted in the Room or Stead of such Drains, Sewers

K k 3 and

Sox

Prorifo.

Procuring Gravel from the River Thames.

No Gravel, &c. returned or |hxQW4 back.

[Penalty.]

To take and use Wharfs and Warehousea on Compeafation,

C. clxvi, 5i° GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

and Watercourses which shall or may be To removed as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the said Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Streets or Ways, Pavements or Alterations in future, but that from and after the same shall be to made as aforesaid, (he same shall for ever thereafter be repaired and maintained out of such Funds or Rates, and by fttch Person or Persons, Companies or Societies, as shall by Law be chargeable therewith.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Ballast, Sand, Gravel, Earth or other Materials as the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person employed or to be employed by them, shall at any time raise or take from and out of the said River Thames, for the Purpose of forming the said Streets, or any other Purpose whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be raised and taken from such Parts of the said River only as the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Coofcrvator of the said River, j or the Person or Persons acting under his Authority, shall, on Request of the said Company of Proprietors in Writing, direct aci appoint* x

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Gravel, Balkft, Sand, Earth or other Materials which shall at any time or timet hereafter be raised or takeu from or out of the said River coder the Authority of this Act shall be wholly removed, carried and conveyed from the said River, without fereening or returning of any Part thereof into the said River after the same shall have been so raised or taken from and out of the said River; and in case any Person shall throw or return into the said River any Part of such Gravel* Balia ft. Sand, Earth or other Materials so to be raised or taken from and out of the said River, after the same shall have been raised or taken from and out of the said River as aforesaid, every Perfba so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before the Mayor or either of the Aldermen of the said City, by Information upon the Oath of the Informer, or* One ot more Witness or Witnesses, and that One Moiety of the said Penalty, when recovered, shall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to or for the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the same City.

LV. And whereas divers Wharfs, Warehouses, and other BaOd-

ings are situated on the Banks of the said River, near and contigu-f ous to the Places from and to which the said Bridge is proposed

to be erected and built* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take and use the Lands occupied by the said Wharfs, Wareboots and other Buildings, if requisite to be taken and used for and towards the Erection and Building of the said Bridge, and to take down and remove such Wharfs, Warehouses and other Buildings, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Wharfs Warehouses and other Buildings, in manner herein after directed, it jrefpe& of the Owners of other Lands.

LVI. And whereas it may be expedient and necessary to take dflwn and remove certaiq Houses near and contiguous to the Place»

from

A.D. 1811.

C, cirsi.

5*3

ji#GEani.

from and to which the said Bridge is proposed to be erected and built, for the Purpose of widening, enlarging and improving the Access to the said Bridge, Be it therefore further enacted, That it Diall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take down and remove any House or Houses which it may be deemed necessary and expedient to take down and remove, for the Purpose of erecting and building the said Bridge, and for widening, enlarging and improving the Accesses and Avenues thereto, upon

Sving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or whers, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, and firit making such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Hogse or Houses in manner herein after directed, in respect of the Owners 6f Lands to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take and nfe any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments which may be deemed necessary and convenient for the widening, making and constructing the Streets, Accedes or Avenues to and from the said Bridge which they the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to make and construct by virtue of this Act, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, in manner herein after directed: Provided always, that no Wharf, Ground, Warc-house, House or Building, Garden, Planted Walk or Yard belonging to a House, shall be taken or made use of by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of this Act, except such as are mentioned in the Schedules hereunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner Or Owners thereof being first had and obtained for that Purpose.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act shall not be entitled or authorised to take down and remove any of the Tenements or Buildings now in the Occupation of Messrs. Child and Sons, situate on the West Side of Horse Shoe Alley aforesaid, except the Tenement used for a Press Shop, without first giving Eighteen Months Notice to the said Mefirs. Child and Sons, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Premises, of such their Intention to take down and remove the same.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Premises, for the Purposes of this Act, or to proceed with the Works herein authorized to be made, until a sufficient Number of Subscribers shall have been obtained, who will undertake to raise the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, such Subscription to be obtained within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen of the City of Londoni, or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of

K k 4 Surrey,

Power to take down Houses on Compeufctiotv

Power to take Lands for Streets and Accesses to and from Bridge.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for Premises of Meftrs* Child.

Company to have joovooooL raised beforeAft carried int# Execution.

C, clxvi.

A.D. 1811.

Proviso as to Misnomer or wrong Deferip-tJoQs inSchedule

30, 0001. inverted )ii N.imes cf Trustees regions to Lnnds being purchased 01 Works begun.

51° Geo. III.

Surrey, assembled at any General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, and to be subject to all the Provisoes and Enadments herein contained in respect of any other such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if may af the Houses, Lands, Grounds, Gardens, Yards, Buildings, Erections, Wharfs and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedules hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in whose Pofft ffion or Occupation the same or any Part thereof are or is dated or described to be diall happen to be omitted, misnamed or inaccurately described, then and ih such case, on the same being certified by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the same shall lie or*be situated, such Omission, Mifnotner or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act 5 but the same Premises, and every Part thereof diall and may be purchased and fold, or asseifed and valued in manner herein after mentioned, and conveyed, disposed of and applied for and to the Purpoks pj this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same was or were properly named or described in the said Schedules.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That before any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Whar!$ or Hereditaments diall be purchased or taken by virtue of the Power* ar, d Authorities of this Act, and before the said Bridge or Streets and Accedes thereto shall be begun to be erected, built, widened or made, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to invest in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name6 of Sir Charles Price and Sir William Curtis Baronets, and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton, and William Mellish Esquires, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, which Sum, when so inverted, together with all the Interest and Dividends to accrue therefrom, and which are hereby directed to be inverted from time to time as they shall become payable, in the said Fund, in Accumulation with the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be and continue in Trust for the Purposes herein after directed concerning the same; and when and as soon as it shall appear to the Satisfadiw of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, that the said Bridge and Streets, and the Works connected therewith shall be so far erected, built and made, that the said Sum of Money so inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities as hereinbefore directed, together with the Accumulations as aforesaid, will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized'and required to transfer the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or as they shall direct, to be applied for that Purpose; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not within Tea Years from and after the parting of thi? Ad complete the said Bridge, Streets a 1.d Works, then the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations before mentioned, shall be applied in removing such Parts of the Bridge and Works as shall or may be lien erected and left unfinirtied in such manner as they the said Trustees, or a Majority of them for the time being, shall order and d red; or in case the said Company of Proprietors shall at any time after the passing of this Act neglect or omit, for the Space of Six

Calendar

A.D. 1811. 5r# GEO. III. C. clx?i. 50$

Calendar Months in Succession to proceed with or make reasonable Vogress in eresting, building and making the said Bridge, Streets nd Works, it shall and may be lawful for the said Troftees, or the lajority of them for the time being, if they shall in their Difcntion liink proper, forthwith to apply the said Trust Funds and Accumu-itions in removing such Part or Parts of the said Bridge or Works's shall have been erested, built and made, and which shall have been)left unfinished in the same manner as if the aforesaid Term of Ten rears had actually expired.

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may Committee e lawful for the said Committee or Court of Direction, and they are empowered to ereby authorized and empowered to make Call or Calls from the call for400, 090k ubfenbers to and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, for is, her or their rateable and proportionable Part of the said Sum of our hundred thousand Pounds according to the Amount of his, her /

r their respective Subscriptions; and if any Person or Persons shall rfufe or neglect, on having been duly required by Notice to be given manner Tail hereinbefore mentioned* to pay within Thirty Days rom the Date thereof the Amount of his, ner or their rateable or roportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid; ben and in such case, and immediately thereupon he, she or they so: fusing or neglecting shall forfeit his, her or their Share or respective Penalty, ihares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits hereof; all which Shares so forfeited as last mentioned shall be pub* icly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares nd Iuteref* shall not have been forfeited as last aforesaid; and the hirchafer or respective Purchasers of such Share or Shares shall, nthin Fourteen Days next after such Purchase or respective Pur-hafes shall be made, pay such rateable or proportionable Part of the loney so to be called for as aforesaid, on the Amount of the Share r Shares which they shall so purchase, or so much thereof as shall nt have been paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Share or sspective Shares shall have previously belonged, or otherwise such heir respective Shares so purchased shall again be subject to For-eituie and bale in the same manner as hereinbefore provided in case f Nonpayment by the said Subscribers or Proprietors.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That New Trustee* soften a? any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, shall die or iufteadofthofe efufe to act, or on any Account become incapable of acting during he Existence of any of the Trusts hereby created, it shall be lawful or the surviving or remaining Trustees, or the major Part of them,

>y Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint Due or more fit Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the ^ace of him or them so dying, refuting to act, or becoming inca-iable of acting, and the Person or Persons so elected shall have the ame Powers and Authorities as the Trustees herein named.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company Bridge and if Proprietors shall not within Ten Years from and after the passing ?treet completed if this Act complete the said Bridge, and also the said Street from , n Ten YeArl* he said Bridge to Blackman Street aforesaid, so a9 to make the same >aflable for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all ind singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act hall cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

5*

Bodies Politick and other incapacitated Persons empowered to Cell and con-fey Lands, &c.

Satisfaction

made.

C. clxvL 51° GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

LXV. And be it Further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments shall be set out and ascertained for building the said Bridge, and for making, widening and constructing the Streets, Accesses and Avenues thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trok for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, hot also for and on behalf of their Crjluique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessrd of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, or are, or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, lease, sell and convey the same and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Contradb, Agreements, Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, which said Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors; who shall from time to time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein requiring the same, and shall have and receive Nine Pence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise 5 and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are felted, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buddings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments through, »or upon which the said Bridge, Streets, Accesses or Avenues thereto, and other Works hereby authorized to be built, made and coa-stru&ed, are intended to be built, made and constructed, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Heredite- ments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the faM Works herein directed and authorized to be made, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents (except in cases of Spiritual

A.D. 1811.

5 if GEO. nir

C.clxviV

J* 7

'ersons to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes firair be made a manner herein after dhne&ed), as shall be agreed upon by and >etween the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and be said Company ot Proprietors or their Committee or Court of Jirediion, and in case the said Parties so interested in the said Lands, grounds, Waters (a), Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Vharfs and Hereditaments, or any of them, and the Lid Company f Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, cannot gree; s to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled and ascertained as is herein after directed; and all such early Rentu or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Com* (any of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and he said Parties so interested in such Lands, Waters (a), Ercdtions, buildings, Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, r any of them, or as shall be so ascertained and settled, shall be harged on the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of this Act; and iich Rents or Sums shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors either Yearly or Half Yearly, as the same shall be agreed to ecome due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid rithin Thirty Days next after the same shall fb become due and iayable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's ustices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds* ^redions. Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments lay happen to lie, upon Affidavit made before them that the same as been due and payable for upwards of Thirty Days, and is not et paid and discharged, by an Order under their Hands to appoint )ne or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates and Tolls icrehy granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such 'erson or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall he due nd unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from very such Person for the due and faithful Execution of his Office# s they shall judge proper and sufficient, and every such Person ft> ppumted shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls, ud shall have the same Power and Authority for collecting the same, nd shall be subject to the same Penalties, Rules and Regulations# nd shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction dt his Trouble therein as the said Justices respectively shall determiue, l like manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said lates and Tolls by the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, until such yearly Rents or Sums, ogether with ail Costs and Damages by reason of the Nonpayment hereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and it shall and may be iwful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, whether in 'ofsession, Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, and Tenant or ?enants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable n any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Ad-ninistrator8, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees* Prudees and all and every other Person or Persons to whom such early Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for nd recover the same with full Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt in ny of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lVcj)m'tnfler> or otherwif© o seize and distrain the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of thia (a) [Sf in

Act,

jo8

C. clxvi.

A.D. 1811.

tf Parties dif-fstisfed. Jury.

SI8 GEO. III.

Ad, (Information of such Distress being immediately given to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, by Notice in Writing delivered at the Office of the Clerk of the said Company, or affixed to some of their Gates or Toll Houses, near to the Place where such Distress was made) and to detain as much of the said Rates and Tolls as shall amount to such Sum or Sums of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Idiot or Lunatic, or any Feme Covert, or any Person whether tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee or Court of Direction, respecting the Purchase of or the annual Rent for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages that may be sustained from time to time by him, her or them, by the making, widening or maintaining of the said Bridpe or Streets, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Works to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase, annual Rent or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons io interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice in Writing, given by the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, to the principal Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrator8, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Idiot, Lunatic or any Feme Covert, or to such Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Aboae, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of- any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Notice, n eg led or rtfufe to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability, by Nonage, Coverture or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty one Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the rremifes which he, she or they respectively is or are, or shall be in Possession of, and the Interest which he, she or they respectively may claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required within Twenty one Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Couit of Direction, in case Security in manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Twenty one Days after the Delivery of

I.D.i8i i*

51 GEO- III- C.Jtxvu

uch Notice by the said Clerk (as the case may be) to issue a \Yarrant nder their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriffs of London, or

0 the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, as the case shall require, and

1 case the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Under Sheriff shall >e One of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office or Mace of Profit or Trust under them, or shall beotherwise interested the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of the ud City or County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, and case all the said Coroners of the said City or County shall be so iterested, then to the last Person or Persons who filled the Office of beriffs of London, or Sheriff of the County of Surrey, who shall

ot be interested as aforesaid $ commanding such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Jury impanel* Jnder Sheriff, Coroner or such other Person to impannel, summon lins. nd return a Jury, and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff,

!oroner or such other Persons or Person, are and is hereby required ccordingly to impannel, summon and return a Jury of Twenty four onest, sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws f this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Iffucs in His Majesty's )ourts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriffs r Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner or inch other Person or Persons t such Time and Place, as in such Warrant shall be appointed, ich time not being less than Eight or more than Fourteen Days fter such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriffs or Sheriff,

Jnder Sheriff, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, and Eight )ays Notice at the lead in Writing, under the Hands of the said !ommittee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, hereby required to be given to such Owners, Proprietors, Occu-iers, Corporations, Trustees or any other Persons or Person as afore-lid, interested in any such Lands or other Hereditaments or to be rft at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such erson or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Coronation, or at the House of the Tenant in possession of such Lands r other Hereditaments of the Time and Place of the said Jury being)impannelled, summoned and returned, and the said Sheriffs or heriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, are r is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned Jury fwara* id returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such ummons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the jry for the Purposes aforesaid, and in default of a sufficient Number F Jurymen, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or ich other Persons or Person, shall return other honest, sufficient id indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily pro-jred, to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to ake up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and it shall and ay be lawful to and for all Persons concerned, by themselve*, their ounfel and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evi-; nce before the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or ich other Persons or Person respectively, and such Persons shall also ive their lawful Challenges agaihfl any of the said Jurymen, when Challengs-iey come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the id Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Person*Persons, is and are hereby empowered and required, by a Sum-one or Notice to be signed by such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under bcriffs, Coroner pr such other Persons or Person, either previous to

of

5; IO

Examining Witnesses.

Damages.

Proceedings

Finalr

CertUrari.

Sheriff Sec. to summon Jury.

[Penalty.]

C.clwi. 5X* GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

or at the time of any stich Meeting or Meetings, to call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought neerffuy and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Three or mote of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in qnession, if there be Occasion, and to use all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the Jnry's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person shall think fit; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Uuder Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of, assess and ascertain the Sum of Money or annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or what Damages will be fu Rained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested for or on account of the taking of such Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, or of turning any Part or Parts of the said Street or Streets, Avenues or Acceffes to the said Bridge, into, over or through the same Lands or other Hereditaments, and shall assess separate Damages for the same $ and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained and settled such Damage, Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Committee or Court of Direction on their Behalf, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands pr other Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, and shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Rent, Recompence or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquistion, Order and Judgment, thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, and shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successore, Executors and Ad-imnistrators. Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert, Persons beyood the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Courts; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person so directed to impannel, summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Frfty Pounds* to be recovered by Action.of Debt, or on the Case, in any

of

A.D. 181 x

5i GEO. III. C. clxvi*

V1

f His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by the said Com-

any of Proprietors, or by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Colle-

iate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons interested

i the Matter in question; and if any Person so impannelled, sum-

loned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear,

rithout some reasonable Excuse, or, appearing, shall refuse to be

worn on the said Jury, or, being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or

lall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect

is Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Ift, he shall be liable and subject to the same Regulations, and to

he same Pains and Penalties for such Default, as it he had been im-

annelied, summoned and returned for the Trial of any Issue joined

) any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and if any Person Summons and

o summoned and required to give Evidence before, the said Jury, Neglect.

ouching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or shall not

Hedge a sufficient Excuse to the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under

sheriffs. Coroner, or such other Persons or Person, for not appearing,

ir, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give

evidence, then and in every such case, every such Person so offend-

ng, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County, in which the Matter or Question

hall arise upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit-

lesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty*

rxceeding Five Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said

Justice; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it

shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand

tod Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goodaand

Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the

Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and

Sale shall be deduced, and every such Penalty which shall he paid by or recovered from any Person who shall be impannelled, summoned

and returned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go

and be paid to the Person or Persons, who shall appear to the said

Justice to be injured by the Default of such Persons.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Perjury. Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves, before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace, acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are by the Laws in bein eft and liable to.

1 And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Person* request-Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and ing Ju/, es»° Person or Persons requesting a Jury to be summoned, shall (before enwrmt0 such Warrant shall be issued for that Purpose) enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, in a Penalty of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, with Condition to pay and bear the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be

fiven for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered y or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, before the impanelling, summoning and returning, the said Jury or Juries for the

C. elm.

A.D. 18u,

SU

GEO. III.

Company not to notice Complaint, unless previous Application.

Sntsfaction for Tythes.

[Proviso.]

£*pence of Jury and Witnesses, by whom psud.

the Purchase of, or as a Recompence for any Lands dr other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages where the whole DfTpote wai whether any Damages were or were not done as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction shall not, nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoeter, for any Injury or Damage by him, her or them sustained or supposed to be sustained by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unless Notice shall have been given thereof, by or on behalf of such Person or Persons to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

' LXXI I. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Company cf Proprietors for all the Tythes both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the average Value of Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, such average Value to be ascertained fin case of any Difference concerning the same) in like manner as trie Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is hereinbefore directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all Glebe Lands and Tythes, belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every case where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, for a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Safe of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any Person or Persons unknown, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Property than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages where the Disputp is for Damages only, and where no Compensation, or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Cootrad with and make Conveyance# to and receive Compensation# from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such cases all the E*pences of impamrelling, fommooipg and

returning

A.D. 1811.

C.clxtfi.

yz

5I0 GEO. III.

returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, (halite settled by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict as aforesaid, and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent as had been previously offered, by or on behalf of the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or for a left Sum than had been so. previously offered, or for Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only; or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, by any Person or Persons whom* soever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, theo and in all such cases (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, when such Coils and Expences shall be paid by the said Proprietors), the Coils and Expences of impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like manner by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil^ or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall have such Concerns, Disputes or Controversles, which said Colls and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Teuder of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and.in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such ways and means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person, and Juries respee* tively, in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgments and Verdicts, concerning the Value of Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments shall separately and difliodly proportion off any particular Ell ate, Terms or Interests, and also any Damages fuitained or to be fuilained by any Body Politic or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by or in consequence of the Execution of any Powers of this Act, and shall assess and adjudge the Value set upon such Estate, Term and Interest, and the Money assessed and adjudged far such Damages as aforesaid distinct and apart from each other.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving Security for Pay* fi Geo. 2IL LI meat

The Value of*Lands and Cool* pensation for Damages assessed separately.

to k Company on Payment or |jK

5X4

tag Security for Value or Amount of Damigei.

C. clxvi.

JI. GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

[Proviso.]

Vewfitt* of Ju-rfes recorded.

Inspection.

meat of any such annual Rent as shall have been eootrafied or agreed for between the Pasties, or adjusted and determined by the (add Committee or Court of Direction, or attefied by such Juries in manner respectively as aforeOnd for the Purchase or Kent of any such Lands, Tythes or other Hereditaments, or as a Rocotnpence for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof as hereinbefore mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money or Rent respectMy, or his, her or their Agent or Agents at any time after the same fall hate been actually (b agreed for, determined or attefied, ordepositing the same in the Bank of England, in manner by this Act diieded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Pro&s thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trull and Interest of any Perionor Persons therein shall from thenceforth be vetted in and become tk sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors to sad for tk Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment, Tender or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest or Demand of tk Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have ben made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates. in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or oihcnrie of his, her or their Issue, and of all and every other Person and Persons interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Ply. meat, Security, Tender, Investment or Deposit made or gives is aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Coo* pany of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons a ding under or by virtue their of Authority, to dig or cut or otherwise aoe& any Laodi or Grounds, or to take down, remove or otherwise afle&any Lands or Grounds, Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purposr of building or erecting the said Bridge, or of making or conftnt&og tvy of the Streets, Acceffes or Avenues to or from the same, oraoyof the Works thereunto belonging, without the Leave and Coldest of such Person or Persons respectively.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Judgmeots and Verdicts so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by tk respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter-Seffiane of the said Ckr of London and County of Surrey respectively, where such Varda shall have been given, and shall be deposited with and be deemed to be Records of such Quarter-Sefltons respectvely, to all Inteatt ud Purposes, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all PeriTons dull bsve Liberty to insped. the same, paying for such Infoedioo the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Nine pence for every One hundred Words f and so nrPhjpor. titm for any greater or less Number of Words.

LXXVJL And

A.D. 1811.

C.clxvi.

S'S

5i5 GEO. III.

LXXVII. And be it farther enacted, That the Conveyance of ny such Estate or Interest of any. Feme Covert to the said Corn-may of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons in Trull for them, y Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered y such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Vitnesses, and duly acknowledged and enrolled in the Court of luftiogs of the City of London, m case the Premises in question lie rithin such City or the Liberties thereof; but if not within such City r Liberties, then to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery rithin Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effect-ally and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries rould or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; nd further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of ny such Houses, Buddings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, tall be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of nd for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall ave the like Force, Efte& and Operation in Law, to all Intents nd Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries what->ever would have had if levied or suffered by the Baminer or bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of or entitle? to any Estate or Interest in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever,

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under r by virtue, and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities > them hereby given, the Words " grant, bargain and fell, " shall mount to and be construed and adjured in all Courts of Judicature; > be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee or other Purchaser, is, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from ie said Company of Proprietors, for themselves and their Successors, lat they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any Aft one by them, were at the time of the Execution of every such riant or Conveyance seized of the Hereditaments and Premises tereby granted, conveyed and fold of an indefeasible Estate of In-eritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Company of Proprietors, their uccessors and Assigns, and all claiming under them; and that all ich Purchasers shall be indemnified and laved harmless by the said lompany of Proprietors and their Successorg.

LXXLX. And whereas, in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments which may be affected by building the said Bridge, and by making, widening and con ft ruling the Streets, Avenues and Accedes, the said Company of Proprietors may purchase Lands, Grounds, Eve&ions, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act* Be it therefore further enacted, 'hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of 'roprietors to sell and dispose of and by Indenture under their Com-lon Seal, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of theaods, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements r Hereditaments which fatty be fp purchased by and conveyed to

L 1 a the

Bargains and Sales to have the force of Fines and Re* cov eries.

The Words'

grant, bargain < and fell/ to eperate as Covenant* fotTitfo

Company empowered to refill Lands which may not be wanted.

$i6

C. clxvi.

A.D. 181 t.

Proviso for Offer by Compguy bo Mfdl

Affidavit#

5iG£0. III.

the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and which shall not be wanted 'for the Purposes of this Act; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements and Hereditaments, as and for a Street or Streets, Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage Or Pastages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Compary of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs Tenements Or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, k. shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers, for the time being, to the said Company of Proprietors to (ign and give Receipts far the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipts fcafl be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof shall be sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lois, Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest therein, shall first offer to resell the same to any Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same, for such Estate or Interest as such Person or Persons had therein, and sold to the said Company of Proprietors for and at a Price to be paid by the said Company; and in case the said Company and such Person or Persons shall differ and not agree as to the Price or Price* thereof, and, such Person or Persons shall nevertheless signify bk, her or their Deft re to purchase the same by a Notice in Writing to be given or left with the Clerk of the said Company within Fourteen Days after such Offer, at a Price to be adjusted and settled by a Jury to be summoned as in case of Purchases made by the said Coa-pany as herein mentioned, mutat'u mutandis, which Notice shall be deemed an actual Contract for purchase of the said Premises, as against the Party or Parties giving the same at the Price which shall be adjusted and settled by such Jury; and in case such Person or Persons shall not agree to repurchase such aforesaid Interest therein, or shall not give fuen Notice of his, her or their Intention of purchasing the same within Fourteen Days after such Oder of Sale, then and in every such case, an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Mafbr or a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or beta? One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County where such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situated, by some competent Person or Persons dating that such Offer was made by or on che Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to-by the Person or Persons to whom the same was so made: and that such Notice as aforesaid was given, shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (a» the case may be), and that such Notice as aforesaid was not gives-; and

A, D.i8n.

5 r° GEO. III. C..cl*vi., 517

that all Money which shall 'arise by any Sale or Sales, or Demise or -

Demises which may be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Premises, Estates and Interests as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchaser*, Lessee or Lessees thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons entitled Persons who would be entitled to recover the Mesne Profits of the° We, ne 1ro-Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been conveyed to or vested in the said Company of Pro- ^afe Muney. prietors as aforesaid, shall be entitled to recover Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on such Sum or Sums so paid by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purchase of such Premises, by Action of Debt or otherwise, against the Person k or Persons who shall receive the same.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums Purchase Mo-of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or me*. ana Com-Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executory, Ad- Pfnl*, nons ministrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, acting as Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, for or on Behalf Xj^t famcUfei. of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Cefiuiquc Trusts; or to any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, are limited in Strict or other Settlement 5 or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Damages to be done to any such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in tike Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte, The Southwark Bridge Company, to the Intent that such Money shall he applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the pifeharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid' out and iuvefted under the like'Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of -other Lands, Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall, be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken and used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the meat' time, ' and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in vested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the

L1 3 Purchase t

A.D. 1811.

|i> C.clxvL' 51° GEO. III.

Application where Purchase Money ft left than aooi and above aoh

Application where Money as| left than aoh

How Montet paid in case of Failure in

Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Ponds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities: and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the fwd Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Proceeds of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Herafita-merits, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Pin. poses aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ws than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and He. jreditaments so purchased, taken or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Troftee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons aft ing as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respectite Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied xn manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same fhaD be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to he signifed under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That vk such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall he less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect wheredf the same shall be paid, in such manner as the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons ifting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the same to be paid, shall be 1 sufficient Discharg^for the ferae,

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded

for

A.D. 18xu

C* cIxyL

5l9

51° GEO. Iff.

for the Purchase of any Lands* Tenements or other rferedkaments to be purchased, taken or used by virtue of this Act, (halt refute to accept the same, or shall not beable to make a good Title to the Pie* mises, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them; or in cafo the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded ae aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England* in the Name and with the Privity oT the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hie Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons- making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is* hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding' or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, t# order the laune to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premiies as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonafble; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Recept or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any inch Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Po&ffio* of such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the time of pawing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or rcrfoos, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments according to such Possession. until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, ualefs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled-to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* or to foxarEstate or Interest tksreio,

L X 4 LXXXVI. Pro*

matting out Tide*

Where Questkm u to Title to Money, the Person in Possession of Lands, Sic. deemed entitled thereto.

C. clxvi.

A.D. 1811.

51° GEO. III.

The Court may

or«r reafqiuble Expences to be paid by Com* pny.

Tenant* at Will to deliver Pof-I'eilion at Three ^loutha* Notice.

Mortgagees to<*vey.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money lor the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like ufefc in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the kid Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Code and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the hod Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Directoo, who shall from time to time pay such Sum and Sums of Money far such Purposes as the said Court shall direct and order.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver tip the Possession of such Premises. to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the same, upon having Three Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possesskm, from the Clerk to the said Company of Propreton, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the time or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, file or they shall be required, peace-ably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof, such Authority being fig* lulled under the Hands of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them; and in case any such PerUm or Persons so in Possessioo as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, all reasonable Satis, faction being firit made or tendered, it shall be lawful for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, or any three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of London, or Sheriff of the County in which the Premises shall be situate, to deliver possession of the said Premises to such Peifos or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff are and is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to Irrf such Cods as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refilling to give Possession as aforesaid, by Didrefs and Sale of his, her or their poods.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, ou the Tender of toe Principal Money and Intenest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money by the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or by such Person or Persons as they (bill appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice

A.D. 1811.

C.clxvi.

51° GEO III.

5*1

in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such case, at the End of the said Six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then and in such case all Interest on every such Mortgage or Mortgages shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that Proviso, in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then and in such case the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property,

Claim and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all knd every Person and Persons, in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company Company may of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall and may erect and set up, ere^ ?ale3 aD* or cause to be erected and set up. One or more Gate or Gates, °n

Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon and across the said intended Bridge, or within Twenty Yards thereof, together with Toll Houi fes and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniencies and Fences, near to each Gate or Turnpike, across the said intended Bridge, or the Street or Avenue immediately communicating the rewith, and within Twenty Yards of the said Bridge; and that the respective Tolls following may be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall from time to time appoint at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, for each and every Time of passing over the said Bridge; that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Toll*.

Calalh and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage having Four or Three Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Six Pence:

For

C.dxvi

A.D. 1811.

51° GEO. III.

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles, drawn by Four Hariri or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shitting:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles, drawn by left than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, and more than One HorCc or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Nine Pence;

For every Chaise, Chair or other such Vessele drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Foot Pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, laden with Hay or Straw, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards oo the Bottom nr Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the The, aid rolling an even Surface, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Four and not more than Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight Pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Foot Wheeled Carriage as lift aforesaid, drawn by Two or Three Horio, or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not excelling Six Pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four Pence:

For every Cart, Car or other Two Wheeled Carriage drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three Pence:

For every Horse, Mate, Gelding, Mule or Act, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Foot Pfcffenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

Fbr every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeds* Eight Pence per Scort, and so in proportion for any gccitei or leu timber:

For every Drove of Calyes, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, a Sum nut exceeding Four Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any grater or left Number.

Tolls may bt XC. And be it further enacted, That thfe fold Company of Pm-altered. prietoi* ftiail have full PovM* from time to time at any General or

Special "General Assembly to lower or reduce alt or any of the said Tolls, but no Reduction of any such Tolls shall be made or take place unlefg a Majority of the Proprietors jpresent at such General or Special General AffeirtWy as hereinbefore directed fhatt sffent thereto; and it (half and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors* in like manner again to ralfc the said Tolls to such Sum or Sums as they fhati think proper, not exceeding the Sum before* mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

Carriage* may XCI. Provided always, and be it etiisted, That no Person or Per-return Toll-free, fons having Occasion to pass through any Turnpike or Tofl Bar erected- or to be erected where the Toll is or fnatt be taken by virtue of t; his present Act with any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearle, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Cows, Hog*, Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle, and who (hsU tfturn the same

Day

Cclxvi.

51 Geo. in.

s*>

Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Bar before Twelve of the Clock at Night with the same Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Ca-lasti, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other 1 Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Cows, Hogs,

Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle for which such Tolls have been paid, shall be liable or compelled to pay on his, her or their Return the said Tolls at such Turnpike or Toil Bar.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That Genml Exenw. c no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Horse,

1 Beast, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresse* under the Authority ofrlis Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding such Mails or Exprestes, or returning back from conveying or guarding the: lame, or for any Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any

; Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriages attending them with their Arms

1 and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed, nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the t Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat or

i other publick Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use

t of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or other

t Carriage, travelling with Vagrants, sent by legal Pactes, or for any'

Volunteers upon their March, or upon Duty, or in going to or re-i, turning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise,

or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for or belonging

to ai^y Corps of Yeomanry or Voluuteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the f Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the

{ Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture

f and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such

r Corps respectively, at the time of claiming such Exemptions as

aforesaid, or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala(h, Chair or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City of London, or County of Surrey, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or alter such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, such Person or Persons for every such Offence,

shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be Penalty, recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered ana applied.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Ttimpiket nat Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, shall not in any manner or by co im any means whatever obstruct or impede the free Passage and Transit fi*e °* to, from and through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys or Pastages, situate on the South Side of the said intended*

Bridge, or subject any Person or Persons, or any Horse, Beast, Cattle,

Carnage or other Thing, passing and repassing to, from or through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys or kPaiftgei last aforesaid, to the before mentioned Tolls, or any of them.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, Thtft it (hill and maV be law- To n^f ful to and for the Collectdr or Collectors of the said Tolls, or any of mwu 01 ToUfc

them*

5*4

C.clxvi.

A.B.1811.

Disputesrespecting Tolls and Charges how Settled.

Counterfeiting Toll Tickets.

Penalty,

Colleen of Tolls may give Evidence.

Toll Collect ors to put i: p their Names.

51° GEO. III.

them, to flop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or of the Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carnage or other Thing, for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to seize and detain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or such Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing; and in case the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and satished, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of making, detaining and keeping such Dili; refs, wiuiin the Space of Fourteen Days, the said Collector or Coiledors shall and may fell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Coils and Charges of making, detaining, keeping and felling such Distress to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Coils and Charges of distraining, keeping or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person so distraining to detain the Distrcis or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls of the Charges of diilraining, keeping and felling the Diilreis, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by Tome Justice of the Peace for the Comity, City or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matters upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also a fiefs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reafoa. able Coils; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket which shall be given to any Person by the CoHe&or of the said Tolls, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods or Merchandize upon the Bridge, then and in every such case every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in like manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures can or may be recovered by virtue of this Act, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be applied.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit or Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit or Litigation, by reason of his, her or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XCV

III. And be it further enacted, That every Gate Keeper, Toll Gatherer or Collector or Receiver of the Tolls on or near the said intended Bridge shall and he and they is and are hereby required to place his Christian and* Surname, painted on a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground, in fair legible Characters of such Size as

the

A.D. 1811.

C. clxvf.

52S

51° GEO. III.

the Committee of Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors or any Three or more of them shall direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he or they shall be Rationed to collect the said Tolls immediately of his coming on Duty, and (had continue the same so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the manner and during the time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, upon having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names upon such Demand, then and in every such case every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are'by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls that shall be collected and received under or by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, in the First Place, in paying the Expences for the time being of carrying this Act into Execution, and of keeping the said Bridge in proper Repair and Condition, and of lighting and watching the same, and in the Payment of any yearly Kents, Rates, Assessments or Contributions, which may be charged upon or reserved or made or become payable for or in respect of any of the Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken under or for the Purposes of this Act; and in the next Place, in paying to the Mortgagees and Annuitants under this Act, the Interest and Annuities to which they shall be respectively entitled in manner hereinbefore provided; and the Surplus thereof shall be divided amongst the said Proprietors in proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares, in manner following; that is to say, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive out of the Tolls hereinbefore allowed to be taken and received, Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the respective Sum or Sums of Money which shall nave been paid from time to time upon their respective Shares for and towards the Execution of the said Undertaking, which Interest shall commence and be computed from the time or respective times of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or of the In Raiments thereof respectively, and from and after the time when the said Bridge shall be opened for the Passage of Horses and Carriages over and across the same, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive an Interest and Dividend upon their respective Shares out of the said Tolls, so as that such Proprietors do not receive more than Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the Amount of such Shares, from the time of the Opening of the said Bridge j and if, and when and as soon as such Surplus shall be more than sufficient to pay such Ten Pounds per Centum as laii mentioned, then the Excels shall from time to time be laid out in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and the Income resulting therefrom shall be accumulated in the natuve of Compound Interest, until such Excess and Accumulations shall be

11 sufficient

[Penalty.]

Application of Tolls, and when to cease.

$20 C.ckvL $i* GEO. Iff. 4J)*i8ii4

fvideot to yidd, bjr the Dividends thereof. Ten Pottadi Scr'Cate /* Annum to the (kid Proprietors upon the Amount of their reflective Shares; and when and as soon as such Excess and Accumulations shall be sufficient for the Purpose last mentioned, the Stock arifiar therefrom, or the Produce of such Stock, shall be divided among! the said Company of Proprietors in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares; who shall thereupon cease to receive or be entitled to any further Proportion of the said Tolls, or any Payment in respect thereof; and the said Tolls shall be subjjeft after the Payment of such Expences, Rents, Interest and Annuities as aforesaid, from thenceforth be laid out (a) and in vetted in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and accumulated in like manner as last hereinbefore directed, until a Sum shall be raised sufficient for the paying off the then fulfilling Mortgages tinder this Act, which Sum when raised shall be applied accordingly; and that after such Application as last mentioned, such Tolls, fnbjed as aforesaid, shall be accumulated in manner hereinbefore mentioned, until a further Sum shall be raised sufficient by the Dividends or la-terett thereof, to pay such yearly Rents as aforesaid, and the Annuities that may then be fubtttting under this Act, and which shall be applied accordingly, and also to produce the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds; which said latt mentioned annual Sum, aa well as the Dividends or Interest of the Fund which shall be raised aa last mentioned, for the Payment of the said Rents and Annuities, subject to the Payment thereof, shall be appropriated towards paying the Ex-peaces of repairing, lighting and watching the said Bridge, as and when there shall be Occasion; and when and as soon as the said last mentioned Sum shall be raised, the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be collected and taken, on and for the said Bridge, fall wholly cease. (d) [ The Reading is so in Original

Repair of Bridge C* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the

hi case Tolls said Bridge shall be at any time or times out of Repair, and the ToE* insufficiem. to be collected under or by virtue of this Act during the current Year shall be inefficient to defray the Expences of such Repairs and other Expences and annual Payments provided for and directed to be paid by this Act previously to a jjivision of such Tolls, or the Surplus thereof, amongst the said Proprietors, and also to pay to the said Proprietors the Stun of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares, and there shall be at such time or times a subsisting accumulated Fund from the Surplus of the said Tolls theretofore eollested; then and in each and every such case such accumulated Fuad shall be applied in the first Place in defraying the Expences of such Repairs, in the next Place in paying the other Expences and annual Payments provided for and directed to be paid by this Act previously to a Division of such Tolls, or the Suiplss thereof, amongst the hud Proprietors, and afterwards in paying or making good to the said Proprietors the Sum of Ten Pounds par Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares; sod in case such subsisting accumulated Fund shall be msufficient for the Purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, then the future Tells to be collected and received under or by virtue of this Act shall be applied in making good such Deficiency before any further Accumulation of th? Surplus of such future Tolls shall be made.

C.clxvi.

SV

51# Geo. in.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor*) and their Successors who shall or may be Proprietors of Shares at the time when the said Tolls are hereinbefore aire&ed to cerse, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed a Com-i pany, to continue and be Trustees of the said Bridge, and have a Committee or Court of Direction continued and regulated as befone-, directed, and subject to all other Regulations, Rules, Orders and Re-r ftridk>ns, Penalties and Forfeitures hereinbefore provided in respect of the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, and, the said Company) or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them9 shall have Power and Authority to do and perform all Matters and Things which to them shall seem meet and necessary in and about the maintaining) repairing and support-} ing of the said Bridge, and the several Lamps, Watch Boxes and, other Works, Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and sup-j ported by virtue of this Act, in such manner as to them the f»d, Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or'more of them, shall seem meet; and such Company or their Suocessort, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of'them, shall have Power and Authority, by an Order or Draft under

the Common Seal of the said Company, or under the Hands of at least'Three of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, which Seal or Signatures shall be attested by the Clerk to the

1 laid Company for the time being, to disburse the lettered or Divi- dendsof the Money hereinbefore directed to be raised and applied for " that Purpose, as may be required, and to apply the same in and about such Repairs, Paving, Watching, Lighting, or any other Matters or

Things relating or appertaining to the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch'Boxes and other Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and fnpported by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and when all such Ex-E peaces, Costs and Charges of repairing, paving, watching or lighting

the said Bridge, or of any other Matters or Things relating or appertaining thereto, shall be fully paid and satisfied out of the Interest; or Dividends aforesaid, the said Company may, and they are hereby empowered to make and declare a Dividend of the Overplus or Intered of such Intered Money as aforesaid, among the said Company 1 or their Successors, according to the Shares they may respectively be 1 entitled to.

Ci I. And be it further enacted, That if the said Bridge or the said Lamps, Watch Boxes, or other Works to be maintained and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall become and be out of Repair, or if the said Bridge, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not -continue to be watched or lighted in manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith cause the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Works to be repaired, or the said Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore diieded; and in case the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall fail within One Week after Notice to their Clerk to that Effed, to commence such Repairs, or to cause the said Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore directed, then it shall be lawful to or for any Person or Persons to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against the said Company for fetch Failure, and if, the said Company shall be-found

p Guilty

Company to

continue TruC. tees of Bridge.

Company ttay be indilUd for Failure of Re* pair.

5*8

C.cbctL

A.D. 1811.

[Penalty.]

Fixing Lamps.

Wil'ully damaging Lamps*

[Penalty.]

51* Geo. m.

Guilty upon the Trial of such Bill or Bills of Indi&frient, they the said Company shall forfeit and lose to the Person or Persons who foaK have preferred and prosecuted such Bill or Bills of Indictment, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Failure, and shall be subject and liable to commence such Repairs as aforesaid, and to cause the fax: Bridge to be watched and lighted as hereinbefore is directed, within Twenty one Daye after such Verdict or Verdicts on such Bill or of Indictment, and in case of Failure in the Whole or in any thereof, the said Company shall again become subject and liable to such Bill or Bills of Indictment, and so totiej qnot'us until the said Repairs on the said Bridge shall be completed, or the Pavement thereof shall be repaired and relaid, or the same shall be watched 21c lighted as hereinbefore directed.

Cl 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tL said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and they are hereby empowered and required from time t time, to cause such and lb many Lamp Irons or Lamp Pofb to b put up or affixed in, upon or along the Sides of the said Bridge, aid upon any Wall or Palisade, adjoining to and connected with the Bridge, as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Number or Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts, to he provided and affixed, to per upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Pods as they shall think necefLr. for lighting of the said Bridge, and every or any Part thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Period shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy . of the said Lamps which shall be so erected or continued by the said*Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Dive&ioa, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or take away, or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or extinguish any of the said Lamps wheu lighted, it shall be lawful for acy One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City or Couatv in which the Offence shall be committed, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any fuel Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending rise Party or Parties accused; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to afiili in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, ber or them, or to deliver him, her or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to be dealt with as herein after is directed, and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Jusher, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examioc upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her or tiitir own Consession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, fee or they so convicted shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten ShiDings for each Lamp, Furniture and Oil so broken, damaged, destroyed, taken away, thrown out or extinguished as aforesaid, and for the Second Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every other subsequent Offence, any Sum trot exceed-

in*

AJ>.i8iw 51° Geo. III. C.cIxyu 5*9

ing Forty Shillings; and full Satisfaction Audi be made to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction* or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction for the respective City or County where the Offence shall be Committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the time for which he, she or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given $ and if any Person shall negligently or accidently break, throw down or otherwise damage, destroy, take away or waste any of the said Lamps or Oil, or any of the Pods, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or to their Surveyor for the Damage by such Person so done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confeflkra of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, and for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same shall not be paid forthwith upon the making of such Award, to be levied by Distvefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distrest and Sale, shall be deduced; and in case sufficient Distrefc cannot be found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained of to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or County where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until he or she shall pay the Sum so awarded, together with Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Guarding and prietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, are hereby watching Bridge empowered from time to time, if they fee Occasion, to appoint fuen Number of fit and able bodied Men, as they shall think proper, to be armed and clothed in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or CoArt of Direction, shall direct, to be employed as Watchmen, Guards or Patroles, either on Foot oir on Horseback, upon the said Bridge, and to appoint any Person or Persons to be Superintendant or Superintendants thereof, and from time to time to remove any of the said Superintendants, Watch-51 Gao* III. M m men.

C. clxvi.'

51° GEO. III.

A.D. 1Rn.

Duty of Pat role and Watchmen.

Bridge deemed to He in London and Surrey.

Proviso far Rights of Corn-ministers of Sewers in Lon-

Previso for Acts for Pavement of Southwark.

men. Guards or Patnoles, and to appoint others in their Room, and From time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the better governing the Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards or Patroles, and for the watching and guarding the said Bridge, and keeping the Peace thereon, and on every of them, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards and Pat roles, shall use their heft fendeavours to prevent Fires, Mureters, Burglaries, Robberies, Disturbances, Breaches of the Peace, and all Outrages, Misdemeanors and Disorders on the said Bridge, and to that End are hereby jointly and severally empowered and required, without further Warrant, to arrest, apprehend and detain in the Watch House of the Parish or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or in any other Watch House or cori-venient Place, (whether provided or appointed by the said Company or otherwise), all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds and other disorderly and suspicious Persons, who shall be found committing ary Disorder or Offence, or loitering, wandering or misbehaving themselves, or whom the said Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards or Patroles, shall have just cause or reason to suspect of any evil Defigo, and the Person or Persons so apprehended, to convey as soon as conveniently may be before One or more of His Majesty's Jtifticeaof the Peace acting in and for the City or County wherein such Arrest, Apurehension or Detention shall take place, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

CVII. And, in order to remove all Doubts where and befone whom Offences committed on the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders ih such cases may be pnniftied, be it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the City of London, shall be deemed to be in the said City and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Marlin Vintry, and the other Half of the said Bridge in the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the said County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark; but such" Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, so as to subject the said City of London or County of Surrey, or any of the Parishes or Places hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing or fop* porting of the same.

CVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Alteration shall be made in any of the Pavements, Sewers or Drams in the City of London under or by virtue of this Act* without the (Jonfent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, and that all such Alterations shall be executed under the Direction of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the time being 5 and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away anr the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City London aforesaid; but that all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be and remain as good, valid and effectual in all respects ae if this Act had not been made.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to give to or fnveft the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, with any it. Power or Authority which may at all interfere with the

Rights,

A.D. 18in

5*i* GEO. III. C. clxvu 531

Rights, Powers, Authorities or Privisions heretofore granted by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 6G.3 c. 14. intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same; and also the Courts, Tards, Alleys and Poss ages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and by an Act passed in the Eleventh* G.3. 0.17. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty* for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, as relate to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other public Buildings within the Limits of the said Act; and also by another Act passed in the Twenty 36 G. 3. e.iaa sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Pafijages and Places within the Manor of Southwark^ otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present and preventing of future Incroachments, Nui-fantes and Annoyances therein; for laying out Two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for flatting up} in the Night time, the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side; or by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, a6 G. 3. c. 131, An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey 5 and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and also by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 18G. 3. C. 6& intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same, and also the Courts,

Tards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein; to open, widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes and Passages within the East Division in the said Act described; and also by another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year 44 G. 3. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering c* Ixxivv and amending an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same, and also the Courts,

Tards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto, and for Preventing Annoyances therein, so far as toe same relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned; and by another Act passed in the Forty 47 G. 3. Sort*. a. seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An c.cxv,

AS for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark,

Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Sucrey» and for watching and lighting the same Roads; and also of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 43 G. 3, c. lxxvi.

M m 2 tilled.

A.D. 18il

532 C.clxvx. 51° Geo. III.

tided. An Act for restating the AS passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more ejfedueuly repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End m Black* man Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and fevered other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powersfor those Purposes; but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vetted in the several Commissioners For carrying the said several Acts respectively into Execution, shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made, save and except as in and by this Act is herein particularly otherwise declared and enat\ed.

Compensation CX- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it stall and voComnissioners may be lawful to and For the said Company of Proprietors, or their ClSkSwaiiems Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasuren fer Rates. for*me being, an^ they are hereby authorized, empowered and directed, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received under and by virtue of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the respective Commissioners appointed for carrying into Execution the before mentioned and recited Acts of Parliament of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and their Successors, Commissioners for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or to their respective CoUeders or Receivers duly appointed under and by virtue of the said several Acts or any or either of them, such annual Sum and Sums of Money as shall nave been actually pajd to the said respective Commissioners, or their Collectors or Receivers as aforesaid, in pursuance of the said several Acts, or any or either of them, by And from the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses as are situate within the aforesaid Divisions, or either of them /and which shall be pulled down by or under the Authorities or for the Purposes of this Act>, for and towards the Rates or Assessments made in pursuance of the said several Acts of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Forty fourth Yean of His present Majesty's Reign, or any or either of them, within the Year preceding the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and deven, after deduding the Expences payable thereout, for and in respect of the paving, clean fin g, lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes or Passages, or Part of Streets, Lanes and Pastages, to be included in the said new intended Street, as an Equivalent for the Loss the said respective Commissioners may sustain by the Nonpayment of the said Rates or Assessment from the said Owners ana Occupiers of the said House or Houses within the aforesaid Divisions, or either of them, so pulled down a* aforesaid; and they the said respective Commissioners and iheir Successors, or any Five or more of them, or the said respective Collectors or Receivers may, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the said Rates or Assessments shall he made and allowed, conformable to the Directioqs of the said several Acts, or any or either of them, to demand, recover and receive the same, of and from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, as an Equivalent and in lieu of such Rates or Assess-Provifa ments payable as aforesaid: Provided also, that when and so soon

as a sufficient Number of Houses shall be erected and built on the Sides of the said intended Street from Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman

9 Street

A.D. 1811.

Si' GEO. ffl.

C.clzTI.

533

Street aforesaid, and shall be rated by virtue of the said federal recited -Acts, or any or either of them, and the Rates thereof shall amount Co as much Money as the Houses before mentioned were rated at, at Che time of their being pulled down as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to be paid lay the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to the said respective Commissioners and their Successors, or to their respectCive Collectors or Receivers as aforesaid, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that when and so soon as any House or Houses shall be built, and the Rates thereon not sufficient to answer the said Equivalent, that then the said respective Commissioners and their Successors as aforesaid, and also their said respective Collectors or Receivers, shall allow and give Credit to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, for so much Money as shall be received in respect of the said several Rates or Assessments, from the Owners and Occupiers of such House or Houses, in Discharge of the said Equivalents, as far as the same will extend, they the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, paying and being liable to pay the Remainder of the said Equivalent: Provided also, that the said Deductions shall only be made from the said Equivalents, until the said new intended Street shall be repaired ana maintained by the said respective Commissioners; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise with respect to the Amount of the Equivalents to be paid as aforesaid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, the same shall be adjusted and settled by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Surrey, whose Adjustment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties concerned,

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Compen&tion to prietors, or Three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby em- Watermen, powered and required, before the said Bridge shall be completely Snished and made passable, to settle, assess and determine the Recompence fit and proper to be made to the Company of Watermen,

Wherrymen and Lightermen, for and in respect of the Sunday Ferries, from the Three Cranes in the City of London to the opposite Shore, and the Stairs and Places adjacent thereto; and in cale such Recompence cannot be settled by Agreement between the said Company of Proprietors and the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, then the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and are nereby empowered and required, within the Space of Two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day the said Bridge shall be completely finished and made passable, to proceed to assess the same by a Jury -or Juries of the City of London, by the same Methods and in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed in '

the case of assessing Damages of Houses or Ground directed to be purchased by this present Act, and the Verdict of such Jury thereupon shall be binding to all Parties; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and required to cause the Sum of Money so to be settled and determined by the said Company of Pro-

M m 3 prietors,

534

C. clxvi.

A.IXf8n.

Destroying

Work*.

Punishment.

Removing Annoyance*,

Throwing Rubbish ou Prtdge.

sI3 GEO. III.

prietors, or given by the Verdicts of the said Jliry, as the case may be, to be made and paid out of the Monies intended to he raised for the Purposes of this present Act, to the Rulers, Auditors ard 'Assistants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within One Calendar Month after such Verdict or Judgment shall be obtained; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid, shall be laid out in the Public Funds, by the Rulers, Auditors and Afliftanuof the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or distributed among the said Watermen, and the Interest and yearly Produce thereof shall be applied by the said Rulers, Auditors and Assistants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, after the Remuneration to be made to the Watermen fullering or sustaining a Loss by the building the said Bridge, as tile Money arising from such Ferries hath hitherto been applied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down or dvstroy any of the Works to he erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shalll be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, x d being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pumft-ments and Penalties as in cases of Grand Larceny 5 and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punishrd is like manner 39 Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and.Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment futh Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Pcu Larceny.

CXIfl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the frrd Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and such Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint, from tin* to time, to remove all Obstructions, Annoyances and Encroachment* on the said Bridge, or on or by the Side or Sides ofny Part of the said Bridge, or the Avenues immediately leading thereto, by aiy Erections whatsoever, within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by Timber, Stone or Carriages, or by any Water Troughs, Tubs or other Things for watering Horfts or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or by Saw Pits, Hovels, Ashes, Rtibbish, Stone, or othenrife by laying or placing Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things in or upon the said Bridge, or in Front of House within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by any other ways or means whatsoever, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the River Thames out of any Street which shall interfere with the said Bridge, and be necessary to be removed for the Construction, Preservation and Safety thereof, and to turn any 'Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the said River Thames, or out of any Street, to the Prejudice and Hurt of the said Bridge, and to open, fcotir, cleanse, widen or make deeper any Watercourses adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as they shall think necessary.

CXIV. Ar, d be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Bridge shall be erested, throw, cast or lny any Pud, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung or other Filth or An*

nope co

A-D.j8ij,

510 CEO. III. C. dxvlf 53J

noyance in or unan the said Bridge, every such Person and Personp Heing convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding f

[Proviso.]

"Fwo Pounds for every such Offence, over and above the Charges of Penalty, removing such Filth or Annoyance, which the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to remove; and all the said Forfeitures, as well as the Charges of removing such Annoyances, which Charges the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized* to settle and ascertain, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City, or of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the same, directed to the Constable or Peace Officer for the same Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person Or Distrest. Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus upon Demand (if any) after all Charges paid to the Person or Persons whose Goods ana Chattels shall be distrained and fold, and in Default of such Distress or Nonpayment of the said Penalty, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Common Gaol by the said Lord Mayor or Al-deripan, or any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, there to remaiy without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months: Provided nevertheless, that all and every Person and Persons so committed shall, npqn Payment of such Forfeitures and Charges, be immediately leleased from his, her or their Confinement.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons DrawingTimber. shall draw or cause to be drawn upon the said Bridge any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to trail upon any Part of the said Bridge to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Penalty. Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Proviso for in this Act contained shall extend dr be construed to extend to takp away, prejudice or derogate from the Rights. Interests, Privileges, ^London^10* Franchises, Jurisdictions or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to' prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction which at the time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the time being, as Conservator of the said River Thames or otherwise, did or might lawfully claim, use t

or exercise, other than and except to remove any Shelyes, Gravel,

Sand, Mud or other Obstructions, or to embank, deepen or widen the said River as aforesaid, in erecting the said Bridge, and making the Landing Places adjoining thereto, and for facilitating the Access or Accedes to the said Bridge, and to do and effect every other Matter or Thing which shall or may be necessary to be done and effected for the erecting, maintaining and supporung the said Bridge and Landing Places.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, Rjgbti of Com-That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or con- , ffiooers B Mm 4 ft rued S, w*r, lor

C.clxri.

yi* GEO. III.

A.D. 181u

Surrey tod 'Kent.

Penalties how recovered and ppW.

ft rued to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities reded in the Comniffionen of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mvuldfty, in the County of Surrey, to Ravenjbourne, in the County of Kent, hut all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual, as if this Act had not been made.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be ixnposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before asy One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for such Purpose, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale ant recovered and dedusted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goodsaod Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), fhaQbe from time to time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the bid Company, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties and For* feitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized sod required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of such County, City or place, there to remain without Bail or Main, prize, for any time not exceeding Six Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid or Satisfied.

CXI3C. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties. For. feitures and Fines, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) aiding or assisting in the Apprehension of any Offender or Offenders therein, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfow to attend. who shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to attend and give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fid contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence agsinft this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, shall, on being paid or tendered reasonable Sum for his or her Loss of time, Colls, Charges and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Refusal or Neglect, or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before fi^h Justic? of the Peace, then and m every such case ewy

Informer Part of Penalties.

Compelling Wit

C* clrvi,

5i# GEO. III.

537

such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not Peiuky. exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXXI. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors and other Persons under this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and Transient Of-jnay be lawful to and for the said Collectors, Surveyors or other fendew iacured, 9 % respectrrely to feiee and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him or them before any One or more of the Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

CXXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders Conrifikm 4-against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice Offender*, and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

4 RE* remembered. That on the Day of Form of C<m»

in the Year of our Lord

4 A.B. is convicted before me C.D. for before us C. Z).

and E. jF\] One [or Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Offence, and

4 Time and Place when and where the same wcu committed, as the case

shall he A Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and ' SealsJ the Day and Year first above mentioned.*

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distreb fhatt be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be considered a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining, be deemed or considered a Trespasser or TreU passers abimtio9 on account of any Irregularity which mall afterwards happen to be done by the Party or Parties (o distraining in- making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Colts, and no more, in an Action of Trespass, or on the Case, at the Election of the Person or Persons so aggrieved.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff Plaintiff not tv. or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any recover without Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice, Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such

Action

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

jjS 'C.dxvi. 5i*GfO. IH.

Appeal

Notfcfe.

Recognizance.

Limitation ef

Ainrt,

[General Issue.]

Action brought; nor if such Tender of Amend* shall be made at hit time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Coils of Suit to the time of sech La ft; mentioned Tender, but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall fuller Judgment, as in cases of Noafuit, with Treble Code, to be recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Coils in any another case by Law j or in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Act wo, by leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any tine before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moiiey as he, she or they shall think iit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in, and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfau

JirU think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or udgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee or Court of Direction, or by any Order, Judgment or Detenninatkw of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such case nich Person or Persons may, within Six Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been made or giwo, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter-Sessioni of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, City or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, (6rft giving Fourteen Dap Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed again#, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognisance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sarnies conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon;,) and the said Justices shall, in a summary way, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessiont, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the nest General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City or Place, and the said Justices map if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, Judgment or Determination, tod may slfo order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

CXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, for any thing done a pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex or Snrny, (as the case may be) and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Atiion or Suit, may, at his, her or their Ele&ioa. plead Specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act;

and

ji° GEO. m; <J.ctivk S39

and if the same shall appear to 1>e so done, or that such Aft ion or

Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made and tendered as

aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid,

or shall be brought in any other City or County than the City of

London, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, then and in every such

case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon

such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or

discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants Audi have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant

[Treble Costs.]

or Defendants shall recover Tneble Cods, and shall have such Remedy

for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have

for his, her or their Costs in any other cases by Law,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be PtAXc Act* deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers; .'

SCHEDULE, No. i.

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the North Side of the Bridge.

OCCUPIERS.

William Backhouse, 1 A(kew Hillcourt > and John Backhouse J John Man

William Backhouse, ' i A(kew Hillcourt and John Backhouse, i

Me firs. Thomas Hodgson. Brothers and Co.

A Passage in Common John Man

Thomas Atkin

-i

DESCRIPTION.

Three Crane Wharf with the 1 Crane Houses, See. See. J

Dwelling House and Count* "1 ing House on the Ground)Floor - I

Under Lease from Backhouse and Co. J

Warehouse Ground Floor only

House and Passage, Ground 'I Floor - - /

Under Lease from Back- f house and Co. J

Brick Warehousea

Under Lease from Backhouse and Co.

White Horse Alehouseon the East Side of Queen Street Under Lease from Backhouse and Co.

8

OWNERS.

Merchant Taylon Corn* pany.

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same,

54

C.cixru 51° GEO. III.

Schedule, No. x. — continued.

AJ5.l8iu

William Backhouse, 1 Aflcew Hillcourt > and John Backhouse J The same

Palfaget u Common William Jones and) Thomas Jones -J Benjamin Severn and 1 Frederick Benjamin > King*-j The same -

The same

Richard and Benjamin 1 Tucker - -J Joseph Dempsey

John Thomas Skerrow

Vintners Company

- Adams Priest Shrubb Samuel Pearson

Phillip Hurd John London Same Empty Empty Empty Empty

Brown Young Jonathan Sills, and Go*

Same

Same

Same

Son8

Brick Warehouse

Brick Warehouse

QUEEN STREET, East Side.

Stack of Brick Warehouses

Two Houses, No. 56 and 57.

House, Not 58.

Brick Warehouses House, No. 59.

HouseCorner of Thames Street

House South Side Thames' Street - - - \

House South Side Thames* Street

Part of Vintners Hall Offices

QUEEN STREET, West Side,

House, No. 41, Queen Street Old House, No. 42. Do.

Old House, No.43. Queen" Street Part of Ground Floor occupied by Vintners Company Do. No. 44.

Do. No. 45.

Do. No. 46.

Do. No. 47.

Do. 49.

Do.

Do.

Brick Warehouses

House

Warehouse

House

Warehouse

Merchant T ay Ion Company.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Vintners Company. Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

k.D.i8n.

ji« GEO. III.

Schedule! No. I. — continued.

C. clxT1.

S4*

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

Jonathan Sills, Sons') and Co. - -J Same - Messrs. Nash and Nash William and Thomas 1 Jones - J The same John Man The fame Hambro* Wharf, Crane 7 Houses and Sheds 3 Old Warehouses Scite of Church Lane Passage Brick Warehouses Brick Warehouses Ditto -Warehouse Vintners Company. Same. Merchant Taylors Company. Same. Same. Same. Same* Same.

SCHEDULE, No. a.

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the South Side of the Bridge.

occupiers.

DESCRIPTION.

OWNERS.

Matthew Sowden

Thomas Collyer

Messrs. Bowring and 7 Rivington -J

Thomas Collins William and John Sutton

John Hamer

Thomas Job Mowbray

John and Mead Raymond

BANKSIDE.

House, No. so. and Stone Yard

The Rose and Bell Alehouse, Shed and Yard

Stack of Warehouses, No. x8.

House, No. 17.

House, Yard, and Ware- 7 house, No. 16. - - f

House, No. 15. Sheds, Ware-7 houses and Yard - 3

House, No. 14. Kitchen and 7 Yard - - -I

Brick Warehouse, No. 13.! and Timber Warehouse f

St. Saviour's Grammar SchooL

Same.

Joseph Burnett. Anthony Horne,

Henry Westfield Bishop.

Same.

Same.

Colonel Hammond.

William Child and Sons

Messrs. Birkett and Co.

HORSE SHOE ALLEY. Part of the Dyehouse on the 7 West Side, Engine House and Yard, and Part of the Scite of Horse Shoe Al- ley, and Lean-too Warehouse on Weil Side of Horse Shoe Alley Wood Yard, fmali House and 1 Shed - - [

William Child and Sons, and Cordwainers Company.

Cordwainers Company.

542

C clxvi,

yi° GEO. III.-

Schedule, No. 2.^-continued*

A.D. 1811.

Elizabeth Cooper

William Ilett

Richard Vickeri Edward Churcher

George Windsor

Hugh Steven*

John Bratt Jane Pugh

John Byford William Simmon* Abraham Norman John Churcher John Evans

John Jones

John Callan

Julia Butcher Martha Barker John Such Benjamin Elmes Abel Jones Ellen Davis

John Scott

Windmill Alehouse, Yard") and Shed - -J

Scite of Horse Shoe Alley

MAID LANE. House, No. 9. Yard and!

Workshop - -J

House, No. 10, Yard and Shed

House, No. 11. Yard and Shed, and Warehouse in Smith's Rents The Two Brewers Alehouse, ! Sheds and Passage*J

SMITH'S RENTS.

House, No. 14. Passage and! Privy - -J

House, No. 15. and Shed

House, No. 1$.

Scite of Yard and Privies in common

Souse, No. 17.

ouse. No. 18.

House, No*

Yard inclosed with Walls House, No. 13. Yard and!

Washhouse - -J House, No. 12. Shed and!

Yard - -J

House, No. 11. Shed and Yard House, No. 10. Shed and Yard House, No. 9. Shed and Yard House, No. 8. Shed and Yard House, No. 7. Shed and Yard House, No. 6. Shed and Yard House, No. 5. Shed and Yard

BANKS IDE continued.

House, No. 21, Warehouses, several Sheds and Yards

Cordwainers Company.

f Thomas Powell, a Mi-I nor. John Hamer, Executor.

Thomas Mann, of Poplar. — PowelL

f Mary Stevens, Life J Estate, then Tho-l mas Mann.

f--- Lorimer, of City

\ of Edinburgh. Same.

Same.

Same-

Same.

Same.

Same.

f Peter Broadley E(q.

{ and others.

Same,

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same-

Same.

- Tanner of Dockhead. Same.

' Part Freehold of John Scott, Part onLeafe to John Scott for 999 Years at a Peppercorn, other Part the Parish of Stead Street.

D. t At 510 GEO# 11

Schedule, No* t. — continued.

lofeph Hallam Fohn Bird Tohn Griffiths George Bell

Robert Drury, John Channing and James Scott

William Child and Sons

SMITrt'S RENTS House, No. 4. and Yard House, No.3.and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 1. and Yard

MAID LANE continued. Dwelling House, Store-' houses, Stables, Store 1 Cellars, Cooperage, Vat Houses, Shops and Yards Stable, Loft, Chaise House' and Yard - - '

David Henderson Sarah Brown and others John Jones

Empty

John Macdonald John Lambert Samuel Bridges Timothy Raerdon Joseph Horton William Knowles

FOUNTAIN ALLEY. House, No. 1. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard

House, No. 4. and Yard

House, No. 5. and Yard House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 7. and Yard House, No 8. and Yard House, No. 9. and Yard House, No. 10* and Yard

Patrick Mahony Empty

Richard Shields

CASTLE LANE. House, No. 16. and Yard - House, No. 17.

Houhi, No. 18. and Shed

Robert Potkin Robert Bayley Empty John Butler John Davis Elizabeth Coyne Robert Drury, John Channing and James Scott John Shears Edward Greeley John Jones Ann Parish Elizabeth Walters

Richard Brown

: I

"i

S'

GRUBB'S YARD. t House* No. 2. and Yard House, No 2. and Yard Ruinous House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard - -House, Yard and Shed

Yard only

House, Yard and Sheds Shed

House - '

House and Shed House and Shed Scite of the Yard in Common

CASTLE LANE continued. , House, Shed and Yard

&c1xy!1 543

Joseph Burnett. Same.

Same.

Anthony Horne.

Cordwainers Company.

f — Thornton of Ox-<'\ ford Street.

Same.

Same.

Same.

-Same. -Same. -Same.

Bishop of WinchelUr.

544

C.clxvi.

51° GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

Schedule, No. z. —

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

Elizabeth Airs House, Shed and Yard

Richard Hardon Samuel Mitchell William Bannister*-William Wyatt Joen Peck John Hufon " -Mary Slote Evan Lloyd Thomas Thomas Cornelius Miney Thomas Marys MORRIS'S WALK. House House and Yard House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House and Yard House and Yard House, Shed and Yard Vacant Ground House and Yard -.House, Shed and Yard Sciteof Ground, Morris'sWalk

George Page Samuel feud Isaac Day - Robert Gill John Ward John Goddard Richard Oats Thomas Cliff - CASTLE LANE continued. House, No. 21. Three Dwelling Houses, Stables, Smith's Shop, 1 Wheeler's Shop. Wood f House and Yards -J House, No. 36. Shed and Yard House, No. 27. Shed and Yard House, No. 28. House, and Shed -House, and Yard - > Bishop of Winchester.

Mary Dine and others -William Mason Robert Bennifon David Mahony NEW COURT. House ... House, No. 7. and Yarl House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 5. and Yard Scite of Yard and Court in J

Evan Jones John Twifleton Mark Hewett David Evans common - - J House, No. 4. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 1. and Yard

Sarah Vickery Empty Thomas Cliff CASTLE LANE continued House, No. 32. and Shed House, No. 33. and Sheds House, No. 34. Shed and Yard House, No. 35. i House, No. 36.'- 1

Mary Thomas and othen

Thomas Cliff Ann Cooper and others. IN THE COURT; House House The Court Yard and Shed

A.D. 1811.

51° Geo. III.

Schedule, Ho.

C. eUvi,

545

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

David Davies* Carney and others CASTLE LANE continued. House, No. 38. House

Elizabeth Collins*Ann Aihford Thomas Adams COLEMAN'S COURT. House, No. 1. House, No. a. -House, No. 3, Scite of Court and Privies.

John Pearson -Samuel Hutchins*CASTLE STREET. House, No. 38. Shed and Yard House, No. 36. Shed and Yard

Robert and Arthur 7 Pott, Esqrs. J Empty Ricnard Hughes Samuel Linton — Goddard. Let 7 to Inmates j ORTON'S BUILDINGS. Stables and Coach House House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No. 4. Pastage, Yard7 and Shed - -J House, No. 5. Yard and Shed

Richard Fairclough John Nash Charles Mountain John Kiyne AMERICA PLACE. Part of a PavioPs Yard House, No. 12. and Shed House, No. 13. Yard and Shed House, No. 14. Yard and Shed Bishop of Winchester.

George Weedon Peter Thome Samuel Abbott AMERICA STREET. House, No. 15. and Yard House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed

Robert Ramsay William Dixon AMERICA PLACE continued. House, No. 14. Yard and Shed House, No. 15. Yard and Shed

George Acton Elizabeth Clarke Robert Ayres QUEEN STREET, North Side. House, No. 23. Workfeops, 7 Yard and Shed - -J House, No. 22. and Yard Hcmfe, No. 24.

William Cowell Samuel Tilley Philip Bifoop - 51 Geo. III. 6rown bear Court. ftpufe. No. 1. -House, Yard and Shed House -, Sqite of Brown Bear Court N n 1

$4 6 C.dxvi. 51° GEO. III.

Schedule, No. 2. — continued.

A.D. 18M'

OCCUPIERS.

DESCRIPTION.

John Tree Benjamin Wenman

John Gray William Clark,

William Hawking

Thomas Norris

Henry James

William Cropman

Thomas Davidson

'--- Smith and Inmates

Frederick Morley

- Smith and Inmates

Same

Same --

Same

Same

William Sanders and!

Inmates - J

John Nansen

Robert Ware

George and Thomas 1 Sadjcr r 1

Benjamin Gilpiq

James Wagftaff Oinreq Qarty r

OWNERS.

QUEENSTREET

continued.

House, No. 25. Shop, Shed!

and Yard - -J

House, No. 26.

QUEEN STREET, South Side*

House, No. 82.

Brown Bear Alehouse, Sheds" and Yard*-

House, No. 84. Sheds and Yard -

House, No. 85. Work (hops, Yard and Garden House, No. 86. Smith's Shop'and Yard Part of Yard iti rear of, House, No. 87.

Stable, Shed and Yard

WHITE CROSS STREET, South Side.

House, No. 9. and Yard Paul's Head Alehouse, Yard!

and Skittle Shed - J

House and Yard House, No. 12. and Yard Hoqfe, No 13. and Yard. House and Yard

House, No. 17. Yard and! Passage - - J

House, No. 18. and Yard

Part of Layftal] and Yard

QUEEN STREET, North Side.

House, No. 21. Shed qnd Yard

AMERICA PLACE. House, Gateway, Oil and i Mustard Mills, Counting j > House, Sheds and Yard , 1 Black Bull Alehouse, Shed' and Yard. -J '

House, No. 4. Shed and Yard House, No. 5; Yard andl Workshops - -J

Bishop of Winchester

I

A.D. 181r

C.clxvi.

547

5i* GEO. III.

Schedule, No. i. — contintud.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. I OWNERS.

Richard Clark - House, No.6. Sheds, Yard! and Garden, and Part of

_ Carmans Yard - - J

Margaret Ritchie House, No. i r. Yard and Shed

Ann Jackson House, No. to and Yard ORTON'S BUILDINGS.

Simon Hale*House, No. 6.

(William Halliwell House, No. 7.

i Empty House* No. 8.

Charles Orlejr.House, No. 9.

Richard Coling - House, Building and unco- vered Ground - J

Ditto - Ditto.-CASTLE STREET.

Ditto.Ditto

WHITE CROSS STREET. K Birtiop of Winchester.

{Thomas Cooke.Coach House and Stable, No. 3.

Ditto.Ditto No. 4

William JLovegrove - Three Warehousea and Parti of Yard - - j

Thomas Cooke.Two Timber Stables

James Peters*Cart Shed, Warehouse andl Two Rooms -

Empty - Large Range of Timberl Warehouses - - - J

Thomas Cooke Timber Warehouse RED CROSS STREET.

James Jones.House, No. 41. and Yard

Samuel Makepeace.House, No. 4a. Sheds and Yard

Samuel Lazasus i House, No. 43. and Shed

Edward Heaver 1 House, No. 44. and Shed

Thomas Cooke i Part of open Yard Unknown.

Ralph Woollctt.Brick Shop Unknown.

William Blunt.Part of House and Front Shop Colonel Bullock.

Joseph Woollard - Part of the Duke's Headl Alehouse - -3 Bishop of Winchester

Robert Wear House, No. 4c.

Ralph Woollct House and Yard, and Work (hops in Falcon Court LITTLE FALCON COURT. 1 Mrs. Jones, j Residence unknown

Richard Prior House, No. 3. and Yard 1

' William Williams, House, No. 4. and Yard > Bishop of Winchester

Inmates.Part of Yard of No. 5.

William Linton Back Sheds of No. 6. 1

54

C. cl»vi, 5x« GEO. III.

Schedule* No. 2. —

A.D. 1fu

Thomas Price

- Brunfden

John Sanders John Fisher John Sparks

Thomas Dawes

Nancy Griffith John Cooper

Thomas Sauntry

Henry Barnes William Hodges Sarah Ellis nmates Inmates Inmates

DESCRIPTION-

RED CROSS STREET '

continued.

- House, Work (hops, Shed and

Yard

PRINCE'S COURT.

- Timber House and Shed The Scite of Pajfege and Yard

- House

- House and Yard»House and Yard

BIRD CAGE WALK.

House, Workshops, Sheds and

Yard -

Workflxops* Sited and Garden

House, No. 1. Shed, Yard and

Garden

House, No. 2. Shed, Yard and

Garden

The Bull Alehouse and Yard n House, Yard and Shed Part of Yard

- House

House -

House

OWNERS.

Colonel Bullock*

William Tanner

Henry Pigeon and' William Dixon

William and' Richard] Yate Anthony Sterry

I

1

1}

The same Wil)ian> No* John Welsh Benjamin Francis Samuel Bale

William Smith

BOROUGH HIGH STREET.

Dunn Horse Livery Stable*; ^the House, Stables, Coach I House ajid Part of Yard - \ House, No. 158. Cooperage, Cart Houses, Warehouse and Distillery - r

House, No. 157. Buildings and 5 Yard

House, No. x56. Buildings and Yard

bfeffrs.Holmer sy$Co-

MINT STREET.

House, No. i. and Warehouse House, No. 2. Shed and Yard > House, No. 3. Shed and Yard House, No. 4. and Yard House, No. 5. and Slaughter House -

The Scite of the Passage Part of Yard ajid Stable to No. 6.

Colonel Bullock

5! GEG. III. C.clxrl — clxi*

Schedule, No. 2. — continued.

549

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION.

Empty Henry Orgar - James Peters Edward Peters John Bid Thomas Snelling Y&rd ind Skittlfe Ground tc the King's ArftlS Alehotife House, No. t. arid 2. and Passage.- BLACKMAN STREET. House, No. 130. House, No. 129. and Shed House, No. 128. and Shop in Rear House, No. 127. and Yard

OWNERS.

Colonel Bullock.

City of London and Colonel Bullock.

City of London and Colonel Bullock.

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal between the Cities Of Bath and Bristol; and also for supplying with Water the Inhabitants ©T the City of Bristol, and its Neighbourhood.

[15 th June 1811.]

[500, 000l. and if necessary 150, 000l. additional.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Cut authorised to be made a'&.i. c.a*. by an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the River Exe, near Top/bam, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, n£ar Taunton, in the County of Somerset} and to amend the said Act.

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxix.

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered info Stt 3S 0.3. between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal c. xxxiii. and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parish of Paddington, and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlesex.

[15 th June 1811.]

Cap. clxx.

An Act to enable The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey 4l q. 3. (U.K.) Canal to make a Collateral Cut communicating the rewith in the c. xxxl Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey y and 47 O. 3. SeflT. % . to enable the said Company to complete the said Canal j and for c*J1*-attending the several Aftt relating thereto.

[15th June 1811.] 48*axax*

[150, 0001, additional may be raised.2

N n 3 Cap.

550

C. clxxu

5t* GEO. III.

AJJ.itu.

Names of Proprietors.

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for completing and maintaining the Eq/l Country Dock it Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS divers Persons* Proprietors of certain Prarafa called the Eq/l Country Dock, Situated on the South Side*of the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotbcrkitbci in the County of Surrey, adjoining the Dock lately called the Greenland Dock, and now called the Commercial DoA, have fobscribed among themselves for the converting the same into a Dock, for the Convenience of the Trade to the East Country, and for the Reception of such Articles of Merchandize as are usually imported in East Country Ships and other Goods, and have expended the whole of the Money fb subscribed in making the said Dock and Premises thereto belonging: And whereas the said Dock and Pie- mises are not yet complete, although the said Proprietors are indebted in a large Sum of Money beyond the Sums subscribed, and a further Sum will be necessary to complete the said Dock and Premises: And whereas the said Proprietors are desirous of raising the additional Sum necessary to complete the said Dock and Premises by transferable Shares, and also to become a Joint Stock4 Company with transferable Shares, as to the Sums already fob- scribed, and also as to the Sums to be received in pursuance of thi< 4 Act: And whereas the Purnofcs of the said Dock and Premises will be more conveniently answered, and great Advantage will arise from the same being done May it therefore* plea fe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the same, That Tims: Aston, George Allen Ay twin, William Armstrong, Michael Andreas, John Powell A/bley, William Arthur, Thomas Ashton, John Butter-worth, John Bran ten, James Browning, Edward Browne, Horns Burness, Joseph Boucock, James Bell, James Btnfon, John Bainkridp, Gilbert Burn, John Cotton, John Collett, Mrs. Martha Cawflos, Aaron Clark, Miss Florellab Cohen, John Collins, Jqfepb Cobb, Jah Crouch, Thomas Champion, Edmund Drayton, Charles Downes, Thus; Day, Joseph Doane, Ralph Day, John Eykyn, Richard Eykyn, Waiter Emmett, William Forman, Richard Farmer, Charles Ftflier, Arthur French, William French, Philip French, Henry Fountain, D&hirl Folkard, Robert Grant, Samuel Garratt, Thomas Graves, John Henn Hecker, Jairts Haxlewovt!, Luder Hof ham, Matthew Hut chin [on, William Hobson, William liebb, m Solomon Hougbam, Jeremiah Hobfos, John Lou ten Hillier, Matthew Heather, William Hewer, Robert Hit chins, John Daniel Humbert, Thomas James, William Jour dew 1 Nicholas Jourdain, Nicholas Jour da in, John Idle, John David Jones, Robert Kingston, George Ley burn, Richard Lloyd, Thomas Leonard, William Legge, Samuel Langhorn, Mathew Moody, Thomas Shabby, Robert Humphrey Martin, David Mathews, Henry Madgmcl, Thomas Neck, Nourse, Charles Price, Ralph Price, Richard

Price, Robert Pedder, Miss Harriet Perry, John Powell, Richard Pack, Richard Par win, William Parker, George Penny, Thomas Piper,

Thus/

A.D. 1811< $i0 GEOiIII. Cidxxi. 551

Thomas Pajfard\ Charles Seymour Pear [on* Joseph Robbins, James Robins, Vdentine Rutter, Thomas Reynolds, Thomas Raggett* Edward Robin [on f Thomas Reeve, George Syme* Hajket Smith, Robert Henry Stares* Miss Jane Sorely Miss Elina Sorely Benjamin Sewell* William Thompson, Thomas Taylor, John Thornton* Samuel Thornton* Morris Tobias, John Tifftone* Samuel Ward* John Ward, Thomas Wilson

Thomas Wace* Thomas Wilde, Thomas Wilson* Joseph Wolfe* William Wade* together with such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, as shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions in this Act contained, be possessed of any Part of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Dock or Docks, shall have full Power and Authority to keep, direct and order the Docks,

Basons, Quays, Wharfs and Works now erected and made, and to complete and maintain the same, and all other Basons, Quays, Wharfs,

Works, Entrances, Bridges, Buildings, Machines and other Matters and Things appertaining thereto, and shall for that Purpose be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The East Country Dock Company*

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have Power to fapply full Power and Authority to supply the said Docks, Basons or other Dockj wish Works, or any of them, at all times with Wat?r from the River Thames, and all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Waters and Water-'courses as are or shall flow or be found in the completing the said Docks and Basons, and other Works respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said East Country Dock To scour Bed of Company shall have full Power and Authority by their Servants, lhe River* Agents and Workmen, to enter on and deepen, qnd scour out the

Beach and Bed of the River Thames at the Entrance to the said Docks, and for ever after maintain and preserve the Depth so made from the Docks, Piers or other Works, at the Enrance from the River to the said Docks, so as to admit Vessels navigating or entering into the said Basons and Docks from the said River Thames* with the same or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrance to the said Basons or Docks.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Lands, PremUes to vest Tenements and Hereditaments, which now belong or may hereafter in Subscribers. belong to the said Company, and all Buildings, Erections and other

Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all

Basons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Machines and

requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things, which

fhsul be made, built, provided or established by the said Company,

shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Company; and it Power to brinj

shall be lawful for the said Company, in the Name of the Treasurei* Action*.

of the said Company for the time being, to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indi£t-

ment again It any Person or Persons, who shall cut, damage or

injure, or cause to be cut, damaged or injured, any of the Works to be made, erected, established, amended or repaired by virtue of

this Act, or who shall injure or destroy the lame whilst doing,

or impede the doing thereof, or shall iteal, purloin or wrongfully

take away Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks or other Materials

fnd Machines', Engines or Utensils, provided or to be provided from

N n 4 time

55*

C. clxvi.

A.D. 18n

General Meet* ing.

Special Meetings called at Keipieft of Twelve Subscribers.

PVefent D>*

it&on.

Three of the piefcntDire&ots to retire on the 2d Thursday in May 181a.

Kleflion of Dire <U or*

51' GEO. III.

time to time, or used, or intended lb to be ufod theitoa, or for any other Purposes of this Act, or who ftuH wilfully do or fuffrr, Or consent to do any thing whereby Damage may aceme to the Messuages, Enedions and Buildings to be purchased, or the Work* or Machines % o be made or cvedea by virtue of this Act; and all the Damages which shall be so recovered by the said Company, by any Suit, Process or Action, after deducing the Costs of Sait, shall be applied as herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the (W Edjk Counify Dock Company shall be held every Year at such tine as the Directors shall appoint.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Twelve or more of the said Company, who shall severally be Proprietors of One hundred Pounds or upwards of the said Stock, (haB judge It necessary or expedient for the carrymginto Execution the Purposes of this Act, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the (hid Company calied, and shall request the same so to be called by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company for the time being, specifying m every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the Directors of the said Company to be appointed as herein after directed, or any Three or more of them, (half, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, and they and tlierr Successors are hereby authorized and required to cal! such extraordinary Meeting to assemble at such Time and Place, within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient within Twenty one Days from and after such Notice; and such Meeting shall be deemed a public one, and aH Proceedings then duly had arid confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be deemed as valid and eife&nal, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been dooe at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Wilson, Jeh Brant on y John Collett, Robert Grant, John Eykyn % James Bevfot, Hejketh Smith, Thomas Maltly and Joseph Boucock, shall be and continue Directors of the said Company until the Second Thursthj in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, tmWt such Directors or either of them shall die, be removed, by the Chort of Proprietors or otherwise, or dispose of hi?, her or their Shares in the said Stock, so as to reduce the same under the Number of Five, $k any of which cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, ta nominate and appoint by Ballot a new or other Director in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, being removed or having difr posed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such Director should have been in Office, and so on from time to time as Occasion may require; and that on the said Second Tfor/* day in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, Three of the present Directors, or of such of them as shall then remain in Office, and the Person or Persons who shall be substituttd in the Place or Places of any of them who shall in the mean time cease to be a Director or Directors, shall retire from their said Offer, and on the Second ThursJay in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Three of die remaining Six of the present Directors or Uie Person or Persons who shall have bcca appointed is

A.D. 18ik

C. clxxL

SSI

51° Geo. III.

file Place or Placet of any of them, shall retire ini like manner*; and it frail be decided aroongfl the Directors by Lot, which' Three of the said present Directors, or of such Person or Persons at afore-Iaid, frail retire at the respective times aforesaid; and that after the said Second Thursday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Three Directors frail retire from Office on the Second Thursday in the Month of May in every subsequent Year; and the Directors so retiring frail be those Directors who fratt have been in Office for Three Years, or who frail have been sub-(touted in the Place of such Directors, as would, if they had not ceased to be Directors, have been then in Office for that Period; Provided always nevertheless, that no Person frail be eligible to be appointed a Diiedor of the said Company, who frail not hold at lead Five Shares of One hundred pounds each, of the Stock of the said Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That not less than Three of the said Directors shall be a Quorum capable of acting in Execution of this Act, and that all Motions and Questions to be made and put at such Meetings shall be decided by a Majority of the Directors present; and if the Numbers on each Side frail happen to be equal, the Chair* man of the Meeting frail in every such Case give the Calling Vote,

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns shall have One Vote in the several Assembltea to be holden as herein after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; and the Holder or Holders of One Share mall have One Vote, and the Holder or Holders of Two Shares frail have One Vote, Three Shares Two Votes, Four Shares Two Votes, Five Shares Three Votes, Ten Shares Four Votes, Twenty Shares Five Votes; but no Holder or Holders of Shares shall, by reason of any Numher of Shares, have more than Five Votes, which Vote or Votes may be given by him, her or them, or by his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, conllituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Hand and Seal of such other Person, ere^y such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy frail be as good, sufficient and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted \n Person; and every Quell ion. Matter or Thing which frail be proposed, difeuffed or considered in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company, frail be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then pre-feat: Provided nevertheless, that no Person- frail give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Share-holders, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following

Y A.B. One of the Proprietors of the East Country Doth) do

*hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C.D. of

*to be my Proxy in my Name, and

my Absence to vote or give any Assent or Diflent to any Mea-

fore, Bufinofs or Thing relating to the said Docks and Under-

taking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the

Company of Proprietors of the said Docks, in such. manner as be ? the mid C.D* (rail think proper, according to his Opinion and

Judgm nt, 1

Retiring Dt- red ori docifo! by Lol

Director* ts hold Five Sham*

Quorum.

RenAstfuiaf

Voles.

Proxy.

Number of I'rokies.

C. clxxL

A.D. 18 u.

$i* GEO- ni.

Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Docks and Undertaking, or

any thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I hart here*

' unto set my Hand and Seal the Day of

Jbwcr to raise ifarty thouCwd Pounds.

rnt Stcck to Pe-rfoiul

Ifbte.

Not liable to Attachment*.

Pcnvcr to wife a further Sum by fie-.v Share*.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves, a competent Sum of Money for completing and maintaining the said Dock or Docks, and all the Feeders, Aqueducts, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs an<^ all other Works belonging or requisite thereto, and for paying such Sums of Money as may be due, by reason of the Expences already incurred in making the same, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds save and except as herein after mentioned) in Addition to the Sum already subscribed; and the same shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and the said Shares, as well those already subscribed for, as those which shall be hereafter subscribed for, in pursuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respectiw Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportion ably to the Sum* they shall severally! raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respectiw Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who (hill severally subscribe for One or mt>rc Share or Shares, of such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof towards completing the said Dock or Docks, and other the Purposes of the said Stibicription, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may ante and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Wharfage and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered and received by the said Company by the Authority of this Att.

XI.'And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Persons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be the Personal Estate and transmissible as such, and distributable as such, and not in any respect of the Nature of Real Property.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Share or Shares of the said Dock or Docks shall he liable to be attached by any foreign Attachment within the City of London for any Debt or Demand; any Law*, Usage or Custom of the City of London to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorized to be raised, shall be found inefficient for the completing and maintaining the said Dock or Dock*, and other Works hereby authorized. to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then, and iu_ such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers (the Consent of a General Meeting being previously had and obtained for that Purpose) any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfe£ling the said Undertaking, nut exceeding in the whole, the Sum of Twenty thousand

Pounds \

$ i° GEO. III. CL clxxi. 55j

Pounds; and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, subscribing towards-railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be deemed a Member or Members of the said Company, and shall have all Rights and Privileges of the said Company in as full and perfect a manner as if he, she or they had been nominated and appointed at the* General Meeting holden for the Purposes of this Act, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and be interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the said first Sum.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Directors for managing Directorst» the Concerns of the said Company, to be appointed as herein after is Account*, expressed, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power from and roake time to time to call for, audit and settle all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed for the Purposes of this Act, by Officers and Persons employed under the Authority of this Act, and to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Subscriptions or Shares, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of this Act or the carrying on the Works authorized or directed by this Act, ashy them the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time be deemed necessary for those Purposes; , so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every No Cull exceed Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, and so as no aol.

Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of One Calendar Month at the leait from the preceding Call, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such manner as the said Directors shall from time to time appoint or dirt ft for the Use of the said Undertaking; and the Owner or Owners of Stock in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpose as' aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Calls recovered Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or by Action. Bole, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, Parts or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid at the Time ami Place to be appointed by the said Directors, the Person or PersonBody or Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty. Pounds for every' Hundred Pounds of his, her or their respective Subscriptions or Stock, or Part and Intcrell in the said Undertaking; and in every such case, the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover iu any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (a3 the case may require) every or any such Part or Share, or any Part thereof so neglected or refilled to be paid, and also the said Penalty of Five Pounds per Share; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse. to pay his, her or their rateable or proportion able Part or Parts, or Shares of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid. for the Space of One

Month

ss«

C. clxxi.

ii« Geo. in.

A.D. 1811.

Ptmltj.

Vo Adrifitagt taken for Forfeiture until Notice, and until declared for-

Month after the time or any of the tespective times to be appointed 'for Payment thereof as aforesaid* then and in every such case the fine may be sued for and recovered by the said Dock Company, as Wl hereinbefore is mentioned; or othertfrife at the Option of the bid Directors, or df any Three or more of them, of the Pdrfoo or Persons* Body or Bodies Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, Cdntoratioia Aggregate or Soto, so neglecting to pay the same* fhaM forfeit ail his* her or their respective Stock or Part and Intetefts in the said Undertaking and Premises, all which Forfeitures shall go to sod for the Benefit of the rest of the Proprietors, their Successbrs* Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (holding for the time being Sham of the said Stock) in proportion to their respective Interests.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock or ary Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing dull hare

__________ been previously given or left by some Officer of the said Company to

fciteH at General ot with the Owner or Owners of such Stock* or left ut his* her or Meeting. their ofnal or toll known Place of Abode* uor nolefs the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Company* to be held within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture, the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Interest as aforesaid sgiicft all and every Action or A&iona, Suits or Prosecutions what&ercr* to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other

Agreement betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Works. In case of Death,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

subscribing or holding any Stock of the said Company* shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, without having made Provision by Will, or otherwise in Writing, how the Money shall be

giid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every stich case, the xecutors or Administrators of such Owner or Owners, lhafl be chargeable in iefpe& of such Calls as for the Debts of that Teftuor or Inteslate; and in case the Executors and Administrators* or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate* shall refuse or negk& for the Space of Three Calendar Months to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of iuen Owner or Owners so deceased, on Condition that be* (he or they so admitted* do and shall on or before such Admissioa, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Chnut* the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall hove been paid by fork Owner or Owners in his, her or their Lifetime, by virtue of any fuel Call or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such ether Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for, first dctJncting the Penalties that may have been incurred.

Sobfcrlhersmay

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may beknrfbl j fell Share*. to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, hi* her or their respective Executors and AdaaniftfittOH/to fdawdit

I. pose

Executors, flee. xnfirerAtle for Calls.

AD'iSiz.

C. clxxr.

557

s i° GEO. III.

pose of any Share or Share* to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rule* and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Share* shall be in the Form following:

in Consideration Form of Tnx*. fer.

X of

4 of

transfer to the f*id

paid to me by

do hereby bargain, fell, assign and the Sum of

Capital Stock of and in the East Country Docl,

c being part [or, the whole, as the cajt may be,] of my Share in the

Dock, To hold to the said Executor*,

Administrator* and Assign*, subject to the same Rules, Orders and ' Restrictions, and on the same Condition* that I held the same9immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said G. D.

9 do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or

Share of fubie& to the same Rules#

1 Orders, Restrictiona and Condition*, As Witness our Hands and 1 Seals the Day of .*

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed Transfer kej*

by the Seller or Seller*, and the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Furchafor.

Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers

for his, her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks

to the said Company of Proprietor* shall have entered in a proper

Book or Booke, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such

Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified

or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial in the said Deed of Sale or

Trassfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid; and the said Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until Uich Memorial

shall have been made and entered as above directed* such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said

Dock, r.or any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote m r*spe6l thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Dock.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such NoPerCoot Money shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no fell after Cal!, Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares, which till P1*1, he, f|ie or they shall possess in the said Dock, on P*in of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietor*, in Trail for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she or they, at the time of such Sale and Transfer, ftaU have paid* and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheleft to be notified and declared at a General or Special Assembly in manner before directed: Provided always, that power to raise in case the said Company shall hedefirous-of raising the find Sum, not Twenty thou-exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, by Mortgage of the kid Undfer- f*nd Pounds by taking, or shall at any time hereafter be-desirous of raising by such Mortgage. Mortgage a Sum* not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds- of the'

Capital Sum subscrib^fe, it Audi and may be Ifewful to- and foe the said Company U> borrow and* take up at littered all or any Pkrt of the said Sums on the Credit of the Rate*, Tolls or Profits of the find

Docks,

C. clxxr.

AJJ.jJir.

SI*

5i#GEani.

Tbrm of Mart*

Not lo have Piel'erence.

Mortgage5 entered, And ufien to Inipe^tioifc

t

Mortgage*

oamfeftaMe,

Form- of Tramfer.

Docks, and to assign the Property of the hud Docks, and the Rates and Profits anting or to arise to the said Company by or from the said Docks, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof (the Coils and Charges of affigmng the lame to be paid out of such Rates and Pro* fits as a Security to any Person or Persons, or to his, her or their Traftee or Trustees who shall advance the same,) all which said Alignments shall be made and signed by Three or more of the Directors of the said Company, and shall he in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say.

4 D Y virtue Wc, the

4 Company of Proprietors of the East Country Dock Company, is Consideration of the Sum of

to us in Hand paid by of

4 do hereby bargain, fell and assign to the said

his Executors, Administrator?

and Assigns, the said Dock or Docks, and all and tingular the Profits ariting therefrom, or payable to us by virtue and all our Eslate, Right, Title and Interrii

4 of, and in and to the same, To hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, until the said Sum of with the Intend! for the same,

after the Rate of per Centum per Anwn,

shall be fully paid and satisfied/

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assign men t fiuD be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportions of the said Rates, and Profits and Purchases, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference whatsoever; and the Date, Name or Names of Assignees, with their Addition or Additions, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Intcreil, shall, within Twenty one Days from the Date of every such Alignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books, to he kept by the Clerk to the said Com parr, which Book or Books shall and may be inspected at all reasonable times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Dock, and any other Person or Persons interested therein, upon Payment for every such Iufpcction of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pena; and the Person or Persons to whom such Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from time to time transfer his, her or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say.

I A.B. of

4 x in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by the said C.D. of do hereby

transfer <a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Proprietors of the East Country Docks, bearing Date

the Day of for securinj

the Sum of and all the Interest

now due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein, to the said C» D. his Executors, Aamioiftjaton and Assigns, dated this Day of

And

C. clx\i.

51° GEO. III.

And every such Transfer shall, within Seven Days after tue Date Transfer

thereof, be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company, entered.

who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, for which the said

Solicitor or Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no

more; and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thence- Interest -paid be*

forth veil all Interest in the said Mortgage in the Assignee or Assignees, fore Dividends.

his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and the

Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage

as aforesaid, shall be provided for and paid to the several Persons

entitled thereto, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said.

Company of Proprietors or any of them shall be paid, made or divided.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Mortgagees not shall be capable of voting by reason of any Mortgage or Assignment, to vote.

or auy Transfer of the same, either as Principal or Proxy at any.

Assembly or Meeting of the said Company, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of such Assignment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, SuMcribers m* Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who may be Proprietor or ItaMebejvad \ Proprietors of any Shares of the said Company, shall be liable to his,

her or their Real or Personal Estates being chargeable with any Debt or Demand whatsoever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Docks and Works shall be completed for the Reception of Shipping, or as soon vi e after as a competent Judgment can be formed of the Profits which may accrue, the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered

and directed to make and declare such Dividend or Dividends on the,

Stock of the said Company to be paid Yearly or Half yearly out of the Profits which (half accrue to the said Company, as may and shall be settled and approved by a General Meeting of the said Company, to be from time to time called for the Purpose of making and de daring Dividends.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be h»wful Di.re^J * for the said Directors or any Three or more of them to appoint a* I*0*01 1"ccr*\^Solicitor, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers, Watchman or Watchmen, and

such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary for the Purposes of this Act, taking such Security or Securities for the faith* ful Execution of their respective Offices as the said Directors, or any Thirc or more of them, shall from time to time think fit; and out of the Money to be raised by this Act to pay or allow unto such Person or Persons such Salaries, Allowances or Recompences yearly or otherwise, for their Time and Trouble, as to them shall, seem meet and reasonable, and from time to time to remove and suspend them, or any of them', and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die or be removed, suspended or become incapable of performing their Office or Offices.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or Power to make the major Part of them in General Court 'Uflembled, shall and may Bye-bawi. make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye-Laws, Con*

dilutions,

5Go

C. clxxi.

yi* GEO. III.

A.D. 18ji.

I.imfmion of

lUflrtywg

Mtonk+>6u:

ftitutions, RnW? tod Ordinances, as to them, or the major Put of them, so afiembieri as aforesaid shall seem meet and convenient for ftie better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the hid Company, and the Officers, Servants and Persons employed on or to be employed in and about the Affairs of the said Company, aid to alter, change, reyoke, repeal or make void the same from time to time, and as often as they or the major Part of them so assembled is aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient; provided that such Bye-Laws, Constitution, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be cot contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of that Pin of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions in the Act contained; but no Order, Bye-Law, Constitution, Rules or Ordinance so made shall be good and valid, without being confirmed at a subsequent General Meeting of the said Compury, ordinary or extraordinary, to be held as herein after mentioned*

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That do Penalty Penalty in Bye- to be imposed by any Bye-Law, made, ordained and cooftkited

by Authority of this Act, shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it fmtber enacted, That if any Person or Phfoos shall steal, take away, break, demolish or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Polls, which the said Company shall or ray set up near, unto and about the said Dock or Docks and other Works, or any of the Premises belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extinguish the Lights within the same Lamp or Lanms, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and aHo for airy other Persons to sffist, when catted upon, to and the Offender or Offenders by Authority of this Act, and, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them into the Custody of a Pace Officer, m order to he conveyed before a Joffice or Jnfoces of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Sarrey; and that such Jufitce or strflices shall proceed to examine upon Oath arty Witoefs or Witsefles who shall appear to give any Information toothing fhefa Oflesce (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to admintiter), and that if the Parry cr Parties actofed shall be convicted of such Offence, either by Confeffioo or by the Testimony of any crredibfc Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, he or they shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Stuffings for each Lamp, Lamp Iron or Post, or other Furniture so broke, thrown down* or damaged, or for every Light exthrguHhed, and morcore shall mcke full Sacisfaft vou to the said Dtrcftrarg, or to such Person as- they shall appofot to receive the same for thr Damage so done; aid that itv calc such Offender or Offender* fhafo notv <*» Convidioo, pay the Idrfertmre assessed, and moke Sotasfaftwu ate. aforesaid, foci JViffice or Justim is or are hereby required' so commit biza, her at them to the House of Corseftfoa for any tine nos exceeding Two Cafendar Mrertiis

XXVI. And be hr ftxrrfcereiicrftedy That fotollasd. may be forfo fat the said Dm-stors* or any Three at more of t*heu^ and they an hereby authorised and required! from time to time, as Oocafiou shall require, to nominate and appoint»proper Ptdmt or Perioni to^Soperiwtrenfonc Dock Motile* or Dock Wafer* mid torer*, suspend or dismiss she same, which said Superkundant Dock Maker or Duck Makers (kail hove full* Puwei and* AmhoWiy to d*e& the

mooringj

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Dock Matter.

C.ctat

51° Geo. III.

$6i

Mooring, tinmooring, moving and removing of all Ships, and Vessels,

Lighters, and Craft coming into, lying or Ming in the said Dock or Docks, or aifcy of them, either as to the time or timfes and the manner of their Entrance info, lying or going out of the same, and their Po-fitions, loading and discharging the rein, and the time or times of opening and fnutting the several Gates thereof \' and In case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Person having the Care of any Ship or Vessel, shall refuse or aegleft to moor, unmoor, move of remove the same according to such Direction within Three Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on* board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, then it shall be lawful for the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his of their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges'and Expences thereof respectively shall be paid, together with a Suih riot exceeding Ten rounds for each Offence, by the Owner or Penalty.*Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel in case of Nonpayment thereof,on Demand, by such ways and means as Penalties and1 forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons whomsoeve'r, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence*, forfeit a Sura not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied Penalty, as herein after declared

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as the No Ship to lit said intended Dock or Docks are so far completed as to admit Shipsf within Ont lum-Vessels or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel or Vesselp JredYanl. of shall lie within the Distance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances £nlriuce*

of the said Docks, unless it is for the Purpose of coming in or going out of the Dock, so that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear and without Obstruction; and over this Space the Dock Mattel* shall have Controul, so for as relates to the placing or transporting Ships or Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock.

XXVIII. And, for the better making and preserving a free and Ships lying clear Passage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of acrol^&c. the said Docks fot all Ships, Vessels, Lighters; Barges and* Boats

of every Description, be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel,

lighter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Description whatsoever, shall lie across, in, or in any way obstruct any oPthe Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks; Basons or Cuts, except onl)1 such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Crafts and Boats of whatsoever Description as shall have come out of or are intended to go into the said Dock, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for Penalty, every such Offence.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provisob herein contained shall extend to prohibit any Ship or Vessel lying at

or alongside of the Wharfs and Premises to the Bouth Side of the said Docks Or Basons, in Rich manner as such Ship or Vessel before the passing of this Act by Law might have done.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, Th&t no Slip or Slips, Graving Dodo, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Way or bthir Place for the building

hearing down oV repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any time hereafter be made of milt, or permitted or ftfffcted tb be Jriacfe 51 Gao. HI. O o or

C. dx

5*

51° GEO. III. AJXiSu,

Combustible A letter remaining ui the Ptc-mulex

Penalty*

Removing WreeJts,

or bulk, within the Walk surrounding any of the hud Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Basons or Entrances which ihatt belong thereto; nor shall any Communication at an j time hereafter be made into the said East Country Dock, or to any of the Bafoni or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or 'Slips, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Wqy or other Place for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vessels which may hereafter be adjoining to the said Eajk Country Docks, or to any of the Baibas or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor IhaQ the said Eqfi Country Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on or be otherwise concerned in the Trade or Bufiorfs of building or repairing the Hulk or Malls of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Profit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Tar, Pitch, Rods, Hemp, Flax, Faggots^ Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquor?, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Greale. Shavings o f Wood or combuttible or inflammable Matter whatsoever of any Kind, shall be Suffered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Baton or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after passing the Custoa House Offices i and that in case such Goods, Merchandize or Things cannot be conveniently removed therefrom by Day-light, that then sod in every fitch case, the Owner or Owners of Such Goods, Merchandize or Things respectively, if on the Quays or Wharfs, or the Commander, Matter or Mate, if on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to Set and maintain at their own Expence a Sufficient Number of Sober Persons to guard and watch over the Same, for Such and So many Hours, according to tht Season of the Year, as the Said Superintendant Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Assistants, shall direct or appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of Such Good?, Merchandize or other Things, or the Commanders, Matter or Mate of any Ship or other Vessels shall make Default herein by neglecting the same, then and in that case the Said Superintendant Dock Mailer or Dock Matters, or his or their Affittants, shall Set and appoint Such Sufficient Number of careful Persons as may be requisite to watch and guard over the same, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners of Such Goods or Ship or Ships; and every Such Person shall forfeit and pay for every Such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, exclusive of the full Charges of watching and attending the same.

XXXII. Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, Scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rubbish in the said intended Works and Entrances to the Said Docks, Basons or Cuts, in Such manner as the Said Directort, or any Three or more of them, or any Person appointed by them for that Purpose, shall think proper for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the Same; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, dr any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions, or other Impediments of the like nature that may be found or arise therein; awl in

51° Geo. III.

C.clsxi.

case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Obstructions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the same for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks, or Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company, exclusive of the Expences incurred by removing the same, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; Penalty, and the same shall be recovered and applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by tjiis Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Nuiftnces in Persons whomsoever shall throw, caff or put any Ballad, Earth, i)ock*

Dud, Ashes. Stones or other Things into or upon any of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Act to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the same or any Part thereof, and Complaint be made thereof, upon Oath, by any of the said Directors or their Clerk, or other Officer, or any other Person, the same shall be examined into and determined by One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent or Surrey; ana they are hereby authorized to impose upon the Offender or Offenders

iother than and except is herein after mentioned) such Fine or rines, not exceeding Twenty Pounds for such Offence, as they the Penalty, said Justices shall think reasonable; and in case any Owner or Owners, Mader or Commander, Seaman or Servant of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, shall be'guflty of any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any of the said Justices, the Person or Persons so offending shall for such Offence forfeit to the said Company a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and in case of Non-payment of Penalty, such last mentioned Twenty Pounds for the Space of Three Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same, together with the Costs and Charges incident thereto, by Didrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Matter or Commander,

Seaman or Servant or other Person or Persons so offending, or the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or other Things shall be so distrained; and if sufficient Didrefs cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hand and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Imprisonment. Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Mouths, unlefe sooner discharged.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person Deftmying or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut or break, Rop*. or in any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts, shall be moored or fadened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Penalty, shall hinder 'or restrain the Dock Mader or Dock Maders to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or \m or their Assistant or

0 o 2 Assistants,

jr*4

AfcWenfs by Fire.

[Penalty.]

Aoilinc. &c. Comhuttible Mailer.

[Penalty.]

Miners and Commanders of Ship* answerable i«r Damage.

flcivant* liable to Penalty, dec.

C. clxxi. 51° Geo. III. A.D. 181 i.

Assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable manner any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in them.

XXXV. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same at any time or times whatsoever, bet ween, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenth fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or before the Hour of Eight in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of Sff tcmlcr in every Year after the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Evening, or before the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning, under Pui.i of forfeiting ibr every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Ron?, Turpentine, Oil or other cumbudible or inAammable Matter shallst any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Veil'd, lighter, Craft or Boat lying in the said Dock or Doc-f, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in auy Place or Places within the said Docks, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such manner as shall be appointed by the said Directors or any Three or more of them, or by tueir knows Agents, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Gu# whatever be brought mto the said Docks, Batons or Cuts, or be (offered to remain on board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon Pain that every such Mailer, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessd, or other Purfons so offending in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further eluded. That the Mailer or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessd shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mischief that tba'l be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, oc any of the Boatmen, Watermen or outers belonging to or employed in or About the same, unto the Docks, Basons, Cuts, or auy of the Bridge: , Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Basons or any of them, nr any of the Trenches, Sluices and Passages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Ownerj or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenements adjoining or lying near the same or auy of their., by leaving open the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespafi whatsoever; and the said Mailer or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel may be sued and prosecuted for the same in any Court of Reeord; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such case shall recover his Damage* thereby sustained, with full Cods of Suit; and in case the Mailer c: Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaidt shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for

A.D. 1$ii. 51° GEO. III. C.clxxi.

any such Damage or Trespass, to such Master or Owner, and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Mailer or Owner in like maimer as any Penalty is herein after directed to be recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing contained in an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain so much nf an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty's Dominions, of (>oods and Commodities of the Growth or Produff ion of Africa, Asia or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods arc discharged or their Vejftls are cleared by the proper Officers inwards cr outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Cnfloms and Excise to male use of Lightt on board Ships tn the Haven, dock or Bason at the Port of King lion upon Hull; it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel laden with Timber or Wood only, or Timber or Wood as the principal Part of the Cargo* and not bound by Law to enter any particular Dock, to enter and go into the said Wet Docks or Basons: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise the loading or unloacting, or to alter or vary the Right or Practice, if any, of loading or unloading Goods from the said Ship or Vessel in the said Dock or Bason; but the same Right or Practice, if any, shall remain, continue and be subject to all such Constraint, Restriction and Limitation, as it wonkl have been if this Act had not passed.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bufi* iiefs of the Inhabitants of the Parish of9 Rotherhithe should be interrupted as little as may be; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Dock Company shall construst, make and keep Two Platform' Bridges, with proper and safe Rails or Chains over thd Cut od Sluice made, or to be made, for connecting the said Docks with the River Thames, and that One of such Platform Bridges shall be (hut for the Use of Paflengen, unless in cases where it shall be necessary to* keep ppen both the said Bridges.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Company fhalF and may likewise cause to be made and provided, altered or varied, such Sluices, Bridges, Footways, Paths, Ways or Roads, on, in or leading to the said Dock or Docks, or other Works, as they (half from time to time judge necessary, for the more convenient Use thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to make any Bridge over or upon, or to turn, divert or alter any of the Turnpike Roads under the Care and Conservation of the Tru flees appointed or to be appointed for putting into £xccution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street Southwark, to Dockhead and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bev*

O o 3 Uiondsey,

565

VffJels laden with Timber may unload in Docks.

icy 0.3. C. 4$-

[Proviso.]

Platform Bridge far Rotherhithe.

Bridges, ire.

Turnpike Road* not to be inter, meddled with, without Content of Trusteec*

43 G-.V

C. CXXIiia

C.clxxi,

5i* GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

Commissionen of Sc weii.

Sitting Fire to Prtnui'e*.

Punishment.

No Director or his Piittivr to

mondfrv, and from the Stone's End in Kent Street Southwark, tm Dartford, so far as respcHs the Road leading from the Stone's End im Bermondsey Street towards Saint Thomas a Waterings, and also far repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, tfe the Parish of Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, or any of the Acts therein mentioned or recited, without the Content and Approbation of the said Trustees assembled at two fuccvffive General Meetings made and given.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to in fringe upon the Rights, Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mould fey, In the County of Surrey, to Ravensborne in the County of Kent,

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or Goods and Merchandize therein lying in the said Dock, Cuts, Bason or Basons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, imprisonmcot or Transportation for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Director nor any

- _ Person in any manner connected in Bufiuefe as Partner wkh such

supply eny Mm Director, shall hold any Contract or enjoy any Place of Profit created texuls. by t^ig ^ft, or beneficially employed, or m any manner interested

or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Article or Materials for the Use of the said Company; and in case any Director shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, every such Director shall forfeit and par a Sum nor exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to he recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Informatios, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall foe fot the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Person or Persons so convicted, shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Director or Director* of the said Company; and no Director interfiled in any such Contract, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the lamer

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, in consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the making, building, erafting and providing such Dock or Docks, Quays and Wharfs, Sluices, Bridges, Road* and other Works, and the supporting and maintaining, and keeping the same in repair, ' for the future, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company, or to their Collectprs or De-

E; for thehr Use, for every Ship or Vessel in entering into the said 3 or Cuts, or any or either of them, by the Master or Commander,

Owner

[Penalty.]

Rates.

A.D. 1811. yx# GEO. III. C. clxxi. $67

Owner or Owners of every such Ship or other Vessel, the several Rates or Duties according to the Tonnage of the said Ship or Vessel, herein after particularly rated and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A1; and the Mailer or other Person having the Command of each and every such Ship or Vessel it hereby re. quired to produce such Certificate of Registry at the time of Payment ' of the said Rates to the Dock Mailer or other Officer appointed to'receive the same.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Lighters and Pnmfofnr Craft entering into the Docks or Basons to discharge or receive lighten wkk Ballad or Goods to or from on board any Ships, shall be exempted B*UafL from any Rates or Duties, such Goods paying Dues as in other, cases.

XLVII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed Power to compel by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it fur-P»Tmentaf tner eroded. That in case any Owner or Owners, or Master or other Rale*

Person a having the Charge or Concern of any Ship or other Vessel

charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Duties grauted by

this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, then, and in every such case, it shall from time to time be lawful for the CoBedor or

Collectors, to be duly appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on

board such Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect and receive the said Rates and Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof to take and dif-

train such Ship or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel and

Furniture belonging thereto or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid

and in case of any Neglect or Default m Payment of the said Rates

and Duties for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distresses.

so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by One or more

Sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons not interested therein,

and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith

to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of Rates or

Duties (o neglected or refused to be paid, and for which such Distress

or Distresses shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as for and in respect of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising

and felling the same, rendering the Overplus (if any tnerc bej to the

Master, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel upon.,

Demand.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter, Owner eiyjjnj or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Com- Payment of mand of any Ship or other Vessel, shall by any means whatsoever at Rates to con- any time or times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates and Duties tinue chargeable, hereby made payable or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the same; and such Rates and Duties shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner or Owners respectively, by the same ways and means, and in such manner as are herein after described for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflidea or authorized to be imposed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Superintendanf Rent paid by Pock Master or Dock Matters shall, and \ they are hereby authorized VefleU directed, upon giving Twenty four Hours pixviou's Notice in f [Sic Orig. Aa.-\

O o 4 Writing

5 <58

C. clxxi.

5i» GEO. III.

A.D. tSn.

Dock Master to order out useless Ship*.

[Penalty.]

DiArc£k

Proviso far Rights of Commercial Dock Company.

Saving Power to

t om mercial Dock Company, j© G 3. c.ccviL

Writing to the Owners or Mailers thereof, or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Vessel respectively, to order out light Ships and such as are unfit for Service, whenever the same shall incumber the said Bason or Dock, Basons or Docks, or any of them, or impede the Business thereof; and that all and every such Mailer or Mailers, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel who shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Order, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect*and in case of Neglect or Refusal, the Dock Master or Dock Makers, His or their Assistant or Assistants, may remove or cause to be removed all such Vessels out of the said Docks and Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, and lay or moor the same in any Part of the River Thames within High Water MarkJ as conveniently as may be; and that after Demand of Payment shall have been made by such Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers, Assistant or Assistants, to the Owner or Owners, Mailers, Commanders or Agents of such Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, of the Charges of removing and mooring the said Ships or other Vessels, (such Charges and Expences being first allowed by the said Diredprs or any Three or more of them} and Upon Neglect or Refusal to pay such Charges so allowed as afore kid for the Space of Two Days, it shall be lawful for the said Dock Mailer or Assistants to diilrain and fell such Ship or Vessel, or apy of her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or any Part thereof, for Payment of such Charges and Expences of removing and mooring as afore «r said, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping and felling of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Mailey or Mailers, Factor and Agents of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the same being demanded.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing In this Act contained shall authorize the said Company to make any Alteration in any Sluice, Bridge, Footway, Road, Way or faflage that runs into or across, leads to or communicates with the Hrredita* ments and Premises of or belonging to the Commercial Dock Company, unless with the Consent of the iTiredors of such Company, or the Majority of them for the time being, except such Part of any such Sluice, Bridge, Footpath, Street, Road, Path or Way as nun through and along the Premises belonging to the East Country Dock Company.

LI. Provided always, an4 be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any way to restrid, Ham or interfere with the Authorities or Powers given and granted to the Commercial Dock Company in and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Dopks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to co cate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, u the County of Surrey; with respect to the keeping clear the Entrance of the said pocks from Obstructions, and to the Controul of the Dock Master to place and transport Ships and Vessels coming in and going out of the Commercial Docks, it being hereby, declared that nothing in this Act contained is intended to prevent the said Commensal Doc| Company from e^ercifing all the Rights and Powers given and created by the said Act, according to the full Effect and Meaning of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise

HOlwwithstanding.

12

5.1* GEO. ID.

C- clxxi.

S«J

LII. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That Provisofor nothing in this A£fc contained shall extend or be construed to extend £ ot, Tr to prejudice or affect the Rights of the West India Dock Company*established by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and better regulating the Port of London j or of the London Dock Com-, ferny t eiiab lifted by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39*4oC.$.

Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet c* adv">

Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation

and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

London; or of the East India Dock Company, established by an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An 43 G.3. coenfc

At3 for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making

Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of East India Shipping in the said Port

LIlL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in For Rights «f this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent Fellow ship.gr hinder the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of ter*

London, or their Deputies, Meters or pellowftip Porters (otherwise Billingsgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Works already made, or to be made by virtue, of this Act; the Right of Measurage and Porterage of aty Coal,

Com, Qraip and Seed of what Kind soever, and of all Salt and Fruit, and of all other Merchandizes measurable or to be measured at the Rate? and Prices as regulated and settled or $0 be regulated and settled by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London. in Common Council assembled, in such and (he same manner in every respect as they now and heretofore have enjoyed such Right of,

Measurjage and Porterage in any Part of the Port of London.

LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That For Right* c€ nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend Majesty and or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Ipterests, Privileges, Fian-.citI^r^ phifes or Authority of the King's v hi» Heirs or Successor^f^Ttwm

pr of the Mayor ai)d Compn^alty of the Citizens of the City of and Medway. London, or their Successorf, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time hying, or to prohibit, defeat alter or diminift any Power, or Authority or Jurisdiction, which it the time of making this Act.

His Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time b.eing, as Conservator of the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise $ and further, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor of the said City for the time, being, in like manner as he hath used legally to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear and determine by Presentment or Indidmeftt ta^en before him as Conservator of the said River and Water* all Offence? contrary to this Act, or such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid; and upon Convidiou of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby iuflided in ?nd by the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punifted Twice for One and the same Offence.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Proviso to9 (his Ad contained shall extendi oy be counted (o extend to pro- Mayor an.t

hlbit»

A.D. r5u.

S70

TrAviso f't Rights of Trinity House.

Penalties recovered after V&nc«.

Justices may gum Warrant.

Peraltie* <&-firaiued for.

Application ct Peaakks.

Offenders may be committed.

PlVmtiff not to re> over without Notice, or after Tender of Amends*'

thxi.

5V GEO. III.

hibit, defeat, a her or dimmHTi any Pbwer, Authority or Jurisdiction, which, at the time of making this A A, th*Mayer or Commonalty, or Citizens of tire City of London* or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or his Deputy, to the Exercise of gnagjing -all Wines, OiV, Honey and other gaugeable Merchandize imported or brought into the said Wet Docks already made or to be made by virtue of this Act, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Rights, Pri-Alieges, Liberties, Tolls, Customs, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; but that the said Mayor for the time being or his Deputy, fell exercise and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made or to be made as aforesaid upon the Banks Wharfs Quays, and in the Warehouses thereto belonging, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not bees made

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he confirmed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Master, Warden and Assistants of the Trinity House* Deptford Strond.

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That aQ Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures infiifted by this Act, or by any Rule or Bye-Law which fell hereafter be made in pursuance of this Act, may be levied and recovered within Twelve Months after the Offence or Offences committed before any Justice or Justices of the Pfcace for the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and ia case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders reflectively on his, her or their Confefion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Whnesses, examined on Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby required and empowered to administer), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand or f Seal or Hands or f Seals of such Jnffice or Justices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall go and be applied. One half to him who will sue or inform, and the other Half to the Use of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer; and for want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal dr Hands and Seals, to commit any such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Coirection, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Rich Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid. + Orig. Ad-J

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover m any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of

13.

A.Q.igjn 5i6 GEO. l\L C.clyxn 171

such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, recover in such Action. if tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to hi*, her or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought, nor if such Tender or Amends shall be made at any time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the time of such last mentioned Tender; but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in cases of Non-suit, with Treble Costs, to be recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made* it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as hie, (he or they shall think (it, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court,

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be DHt-eft not unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this*

Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the >, B i?orm*

Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Ttrf-.

Siffers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, onviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a TreTpafler or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggneved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

LX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be couvided of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form: viz.

TX E it remembered, that on the Day of Fonn of Cen-

in the Year of our Lord vktion.

4 A. B is convicted before me C. V. One of His Majesty's Justice*

4 of the Peace for the County of [fPectfying the

4 Offencey and the Time and Place % as the case may be-] contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the + Year of the Reign

4 of King Ctarge the Third, intituled, f f [$, v Orfcjia.]

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the

4 Day and Year first mentioned.'

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons p*rf n shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or by Bvr-Lw to Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or appeal.

Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in such Case, he, she or they may, within Twelve Calendar

57*

£. clxxL

A.D. 1811.

Motkft

Certiorari.

Lfimtation of A&aas.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Public Act

ji° GEO. III.

Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justkes of the Peace at the General Quarter-SefBons to be hdden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shal arise (first giving Three Months Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof, and within Seven DayB after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justkesshall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at fudh General Quarter-Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof until the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and the said justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order or Determination, and may also otder and award uich further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be Sad and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qtiashed or vacated ibr want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Procef8 whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary uot-withstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commeuced against any Person or Persons, Bodvs Politic or Corporate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Three Months next after the Fast committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Three Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter, or-Dispute or Cause shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead tin? General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or PLua-tiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being (po» daily pleaded.

The

A.D. 18t r.

5f GEO. III. C. chcxL

577

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

SCHEDULE (A.)

Per Rchiller Tou.

Dockageon Laden Ships, with " \ Permission of laying Six '* Weeks

Aftetf that time, if remaining' [ with a Cargo on board, per*Week -

Or if remaining without a* Cargo on board, per Week*Ships coming in light for the* first Six Weeks

And if exceeding that time, ' bet Week -All Rigged Vessels coming to'

: load Goods in the Dock

All Ships to pay fcr docking ic/. 6J.

And for undocking 10/. 6d.

Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pase without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other? heavy Timber per Load -V

Wharfage of Oak and other / heavy Planks per Load - f

Dock f Plank, per Load

Wharfage on large Timber and , 1 Mails, per Load

Wharfage on small Timber, per Load

J.

2 o

o 6

o 9

4

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, per reduced Stand-aid of 120

Wharfage on Deals from Ame- 1 rlca, per reduced Standard > 5 of 120 - - 1

Wharfage on Oak Pipe and 1 Hogshead Staves from the >15 Baku, per Thou fan d - J

Wharfage on Oak Barrel andT Heading Staves from the > 13 Baltic, per Thousand - J

f £«S/V Orig* A3.2

f Rent while stored 011 the Pre-J mises of the Company, per I Loader Quarter Rent while stored on the Premises of the Company, Load per Quarter

1

1

Fre-i

perl

o o

5 o

J.

T Rent while stored on the Pre-

) mises of the Company, per j. 2

£ Loader Quarter -

\ " Rent while stored on tile Pre-: 1 -1 mises of the Company, per 1 , 3 j [ Load per Quarter - (

Rent while stored on the Pne-; mises of the Company, per Quarter/erreducedStandard* of j 20 -

Rent while stored on the Pro* mises of the Company, per Quarter^rrcducedStandard* of 120

"Rent while stored on the Pre- mises of the Company, per 20 i. Quarter, Thousand 1 !"Kent while stored on the Pre-"j «! mises of the Company, per j I , Quarter per Thousand

-J

*1

ert l5

Wharfage

574

C. clxxi — clxxvL

5* GUO. III.

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax* per Ton

Wharfage on Tallow, /rr Ton x

Wharfage on Pitch* Tar and Turpentine per Barrel" America or elsewhere

Wharfage on OH* 25a Sons* per Ton

Wharfage on Whalebone Ton

1 of Blubber* 25a Gallons* x* per Ton. -3

/. d. "Rent while stored or ware-'

housed on the Pretnifes of

*2 O*the Company* per Week

m 1 Per Ton

Rent while stored or ware-"

I - / housed on the Premises of

X Oh the Company* per Week

per Ton*Rent while stored or warehoused on the Premises of

" 0 3 " the Company* per Week f per Barrel - -1

' 'Rent while stored or ware-'

b am 4g housed on the Premises of

p 2 0 4 the Company* per Week

B per Ton - -Rent while stored or ware-

m £. J housed on the Premises of

( 3 61 the Company, per Week

J , per Ton

AJJ.iSii,

i. I 1 a

0 6

0 2

1 0 1 0

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for erecting a New Market Place in the Town or Borough and Manor of Gosport in the County of Southampton.

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxiii.

3#c, rf- An Act for paring and improving the Streets and other publid & 3*c* FafTaget and Placet in the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist and Saint Benedict, in the Town of Clqflonbury, in the Count jot Somerset.

[15th June 1811]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aftt of Hit c.clxxAvi, present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Doncaster to Bawtry,

in the County of York. (a) [15th June 1811]

£.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed9 and nenv Tolls panted.

Additional Toll of One Half on Sunday s.-\

Cap. clxxv.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His prefer! Majesty* for making and maintaining a koad from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey.

[15th June 1821.]

Cap. dxxvi.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands called Coe otherwise Cow Feu Leys, in the Panflh of Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.

[15th June 1811.]

[Note, This Act hat neither the Public or Evidente Clanfe.]

A.D. 1811.

j[ i« GEO. III. C.clxxvii — cliKxiii.

575

Cap. clxxviL

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tdjbead, in the County of Wilt*. (q.P.) [15thjuoei&li.]

t Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. <21, 22.25. No Lease '* of Allotment to Vicar of Tdjhtad % in right of Vicarage, without " Con&ut of His Majesty- j 29.

Cap. clxxvm.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of George Hamilton otTyreBtu in the County of Downy in Ireland, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in Ireland, to be settled to the same Ufcsas the Estates so fold. (q.P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for making, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Partition of Part of the Irish Estates of the Right Honourable Edward late Earl Beaulieu# in conformity to an Award'therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Tyrone in Ireland, devised by the Will of Sir George Sa vile, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act to enable the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, Dublin, to accept Surrenders and grant Leases of certain Lanas, called the Dean* Grange, in the County of Dublin, and to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of Leases heretofore made thereof, (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for enabling the Dean of Windsor and Wolverhampton, and his Succrflbrs, to grant Leases and Licences for opening and working Mines within the Lands belonging to the Manor of Wolverhampton; and for augmenting the Income of the Sacrift of the Collegiate Church or Royal Free Chapel of Wolverhampton.

(q. P.) CI5th Jtma

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for vesting in John Theophtlut Daubuz Esquire, an undivided Moiety of certain Premises situate at Low Layton, in the County of EJ sex i and for applying the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fubMing Uses of the Will of Edward Martin, deceased. {q. PJ £i$th June i8u.]

57*

C. clxxxlv — cxcii.

5i# GEO. III.

A.fXiim

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Lands, 'fenemfito and1 Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, called The Decreed Lands, to make Sule of a sufficient Part thereof for paying off Incumbrances, (q. P.) [15th June i8n.}

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for vesting Part of the deviled Estates of Henry Viprt deceased, in Trnltees, to be sold, and for laying out the whale Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Parchafe of other EiUtesr tb be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Wilt of Thomas Peter Ltgl Esquire, deceased, to purchase Estates for the Benefit of thar Trud y and to fell certain of the Estates deviled by the Will of the said Thomas Peter Leghy for raising Money to pay for such purchased Estates, and for roimburfing a' Sum expended in the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on other Estates of the said Thomas Peter Legh. (q. P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Land, in the Parishes of Hornchurch, Romford and Havering, within the Manor and Liberty of Havering atte Bowery in the County 0( EJex, (q. P.) [15th June 1811.]

M Allotment to His Majesty. $ 2f*

Cap. dxxxvni.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Nothtry, in the Parish of Stockport) in the County of Chester. (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxixk

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingston, in the Coosty of Hereford, (q. r.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bromham, in the Couatv of Wilts, (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. cxci.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Minty, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for Inclosing, and exonerating frtim Tythes, Lands in the Parishes of Great IVyrriciidbey^ Little Wpmondlep and Ippolhtts, in tb* County of Hertford, (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

51° GEO. III.

C, cxciii — ccl.

577

Cap. cxciii.

An Act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company 49 0* 3*c*cl,« to raise a further Sum of Money* for the Completion of their 5° G«3*c*ccxv. Works, and for levying a Tonnage Rate on certain Vessels and Goods now exempted 5 and further to extend the Powers granted to the said Company.*[30, 000l.]

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for erecting Five distinct Redories and Parishes within the - Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland; and for separating the same from the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn; and for providing Parish Churches, Church Yards and Parsonage Houses for the same; and for restraining the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Sea* men at Greenwich, in the County of Kentt from presenting to the Rectory of Simonburn, or the said new Redories, any other Persons than Chaplains in the Royal Navy.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for conflruding a Harbour at Porthleven9 in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall, [60, 000l.] [26th June 1811.]

Cap. cxevi.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool, in the Port' of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

[26th June 1811.]

[20, 000l.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the5 G. 3. c. 13. County of Perth, and for more effectually making and regulating repealed, and the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the said County. a9 3«

f [<*6/029 C. J.r. 17. See Cap. cxcviii./^.] turned.

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth, (b) [26th June 1811.]^q'j. c. 139.

73 G. 3. c. 164. 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxaiv#

Cap. cxcix.

An Act for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, 47 o. 3. Self a. in the County of Aim#.

[26th June 1811.] cu.ispcaUi

Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. cc.

An Act for building a Church in and for the Parish of Newry, in the Counties of Down and Armagh, [26th June l8xx«]

Cap. cci.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty Jdaiefty, fos erecting a new Gaol ana

51Gxo.UI. Pp

ninth Year of His present 49 0 > House of Cotxtdion, and {, au* new

1

C. cci — ccviii.

SV GEO. III.

A.D. 181

new Court Houses for the County Palatine of Durham, andmaka an equal County Rate for those rurposes.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccii.

An Act for increasing the Rates on Cods conveyed on the Ri* It chin, in the County of Southampton; afed for amending andic dering more effectual the several Acts relating thereto.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cciii.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money*for carrying ra -3° I Execution the several Acts for widening the Entrance into n

xlii.4* City of London near ^Temple Bar, for making k more comnuk

Street at Snow Hill, and for raising Money on the Credit

Orphans' Pund for these Purposes; and for extending the ftrc of the said Acts.*[40, 000 A]

[26th June 1811.]

6*17 Car. a. c. i»* PR;

7G.3. c- 87.

35 G. 3. c. 86. 42 G.y c. cxL

35 G. 3. c. 126. 38G. 3. C.IXU

U A n

C* All'.

41 G. 3. e. hexiii. 44 G. 3. c. xxviii 49 0.3-€. lxjuii.

Cap. cciv.

33 G. 3. c. x66. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Hiipr feat Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry to is ibt West Riding of the County of York, [a) t [26th June 1811.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls fraud]

Cap. ccv.

30 o. 3^ xviii An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, ferrrpesrq and maintaining the Road from the Eynesford Turnpike Reed u to Parish of Shorrham in the County of Kent, to the Tnmfdt Rui in the Parish of Farnborough* leading from Seven Oak* it hoe-ley, in the said County.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccvi.

7 G. 3. c.^r; k An Act for enlarging the Term and Power* of Two Aftrof Hi g$G- 3. c.ifca present. Majesty for repairing the Road from the Brick Kibi East Matting Hetith to Pemlttry Grdrn, and frofcn Brand Bndfi to the Four IVents, in the County of Kent; and for makisg l Road therefrom into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road, in da same County* (6) [26th Jwilii]

Cap. ccvil.

An Act to confirm certain Articles of Agreement between the hU Noble John Duke of Hthotly the Right Honourable Edvard Ed of Derby y the Right Revarad Gfafdivs Lord Sifopof 54'and Man, the Honourable Edward Stanley commonly called Ld Stanley, the Reverend Donut MplreOy William Scott* John Csfut ban, and the Clergy of the Isle of Man; and for other Purposes (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Common and other in respect of the Glebe Land belonging to the Church of Rar'M in the County of Chester, in, upon or under the uninclosed Wale L % )ds in the Township of starthill in the same County, and fodi % other Linds in the iame Township Is have been heretofore j^bfed

and taken from* Hhe Waste Lands in th? same Towalh»p$ and for if

D. 1811. 51° Geo. III. C. ccviii — ccxiii.

elling a Piece or Parcel of Land called Hook Loont, situate in he same Township (fabjed as therein mentioned)* in the Very Reverend Hugh Cholmondeley, and his Successbr3, perpetual Curates if Hart bill aforesaid, iu Leu and latwfadion of such Rights, q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccix.

Act for confirming certain 1 Building Leases of Lands in New-igton, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chap-er of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessee Thomas Brandon Esquire, not 'Warranted by the Provisions of an Act made in the Tourteenth Vear of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for 14 G. mpowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for PR-he time being of their Estates in Newington, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Ptemifes 5 and for other the Purposes herein mentioned, (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccx.

1 Act for vesting in the Trustees of the Charity Schools of the Parish of Saint Mary Mai felon otherwise White Chapel, in the 2ouuty of Middlesex* the legal Estate of Two undivided Third Parts, belonging to the said Charity Schools, in a Farm and Lands it Sandon and Much Baddowf in the County of Essex; and to enable the said Trustees to perfect a Partition of the said Farm and Lands; and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxi.

2 Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estates of Thomas Graham Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in purchasing the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands bdohging to the said Thomas Graham in Fee Simple, and thereafter to entail those Lands freed from Incumbrances in lieu of those Parts of the entailed Estates hereby directed to be sold. (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act for vesting in the surviving Trustees of the Will of John Wallinger Arnold Wallinger Esquire, deceased, in ancient Demesne to be holden of the Liberty, Honour or Manor of Havering atte Bower, in the County of EJfext a certain Estate calledHare Had, ia Trust to felL (q. r.)

[26th June 2811.]

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Two undivided Sixteenth Parts and One Thirty second Part, late of John Ulric Collins Esquire, decca&d, of a certain Messuage, Farm and Lands in the Parishes of Tottenham and Edmonton in the County of Middlesex, iirTrust, to convey the same respectively unto William Horton Esquire, as to certain Parts thereof, and as to the remaining Parts, to James Clark Esquire, upon Payment by them respectively of a certain Sum of Money for the Purchase of the same; and for in vetting such Monies in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Names of the Trustees, fqr the benefit of Charlotte Collins the

519

31

i* 43«

C. ccxiii — ccxxi.

A.D. 1811.

580

510 Geo. in.

Widow, and of the Infant Children of the said John Ulric Co&nit the Devisees named in his Will. (q. P.) [26th June 1811 ]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for exchanging an Estate belonging to Michael Hick* BtcA Esquire, in Fee, for Part of his Estate under Settlement. (q.P )

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxv.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between William Squire Esqur % and William Thomas Squire an Infant, of a Fee Simple Estate belonging to the said William Squire, and situate in the Parish d Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, for an undivided Moiety, belonging to the said William Thomas Squire, in certain Pub. Houses and Lands, situate in the several Counties of Northamptv. Lincoln, Huntingdon and the JJle of Ely, in Cambridgeshire. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.1

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands called the Stone Fields, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases thereof. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Berks. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §16, 17, iS.

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the United Parishes Sulbamfeed Ahbotts and Sulhamflead Bannifler otherwise Meales, in the County of Berks. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great WaHscgfeU cum Chilton, and Great Cornard, in the County of Suffolk. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Cap ccxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey, to Deptford, in the County of Kent; and a Branch therefrom, to Horsleydown, in the said County of Surrey. (£) £1st July 1811]

Cap. ccxxi.

An Act for dividing, and exonerating from Tithes, certain Lands in the Parish of Ecclesfield, and Wed Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) ftjth i&n ]

[Index removed.]

[Advert removed.]

