THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

50 GEORGE III. 1810.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth, Law Bookseller, in Fleet-Street.

1810.

[Price 16s. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

50 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Page 1

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

4. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 2

5. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time; and to continue, until Four Months after the Expiration of such Prohibition, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively. Ibid.

6. An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon. 3

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Page 7

8. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington and the Two next persons to whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 11

9.An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 14

10. An Act for making perpetual certain of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, for preventing the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs. 15

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries. 16

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes from the British Colonies in North America, Duty-free. Ibid.

13. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast; and amend and continue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. 17

14. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 18

15. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of Licensed Distillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland. 21

16. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Corn and other Provisions. 29

17. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand oight hundred and eleven, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 30

18. An Act for the further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended. Page 30

19. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenth fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty. 33

20. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Power of appointing Superintendants of Quarantine and their Assistants. Ibid.

21. An Act for amending and continuing so amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies. 34.

22. An Act for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to purchase certain Quays within the Port of London. Ibid.

23. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 36

24. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing the Militia of Great Britain; and to make farther Provision for completing the said Militia. 41

25. An Act to amend several Acts, relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain. 43

26. An Act for granting a Duty on Foreign Plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported to Foreign Parts. 49

27. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture. 50

28. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

29. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Irish Road Acts. 53

30. An Act to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding inquisitions. 54

31. An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland. Ibid.

32. An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament in Ireland so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages; for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 57

33. An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life, and also Ecclesiastical Persons, to grant Land for the Purpose of endowing Schools in Ireland. 62

34. An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. 64

35. An Act for altering the Mode of collecting the Duty on Insurances against Loss by Fire, upon Property in His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the West Indies, and elsewhere beyond the Seas; and for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from

Stamp Duty, for giving Relief in certain Cases of Stamps spoiled or misused, and fof explaining Part of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain. Page 66

36. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge an additional Number of Exchequer Bills. 72

37. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick IWolfenbuttel. 74

38. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and to amend the same. 75

39. An Act for repaying in certain Cases the Duty paid on the Export of Foreign Plain Linen. 78

40. An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in taking Oil of Vitriol. Ibid.

41. An Act for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. 80

42. An Act For consolidating the Duties Of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England. 90

43. An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 97

44. An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise in Scotland, under certain Restrictions. 101

45. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities. 102

46. An Act for encouraging the Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland. 103

47. An Act to extend and amend the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors detained in Prison in Ireland. 106

48. An Act to repeal Three Acts, made in the Twenty eighth, Thirtieth and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into Effect. 110

49. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by Justices of the Peace. 122

50. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the more effectual carrying the same into Execution; and to extend the Provisions thereof to Parishes which shall not have adopted the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. 125

51. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of King James the First, as relates to the Punishment of Women delivered of Bastard Children; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. Page 127

52. An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires poor Persons receiving Alms to wear Badges. 128

53. An Act for preventing Frauds relating to the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. 129

54. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. 136

55. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, and to increase the Shares of Seizures payable to Officers in respect of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves. 137

56. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six Pence in the Pound, repealed by an Act of the lad Semon of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends. 138

57. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. 141

58. An Act to amend several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. Ibid.

59. An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any Collector, Receiver or other person entrusted with the Receipt, Care or Management thereof. 144

60. An Act for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland of Foreign Salt, Duty-free, from the Import Warehouses at the Port of Bristol; and for repealing so much of an Act of the last Session as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, to be shipped in any Port of Europe direct to certain Ports in North America. 145

61. An Act for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadeloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin, and Saba, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations. 146

62. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in the Isle of Man. 147

63. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Brazils. 153

64. An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation. 155

65. An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases. 158

66. An Act to authorize the Judge Advocate General to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage. 168

67. An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon. Page 168

68. An Act for raising the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland. 169

69. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

70. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

71. An Act for appropriating Part of the Surplus of the Stamp Duties granted in the Foity eighth Year of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament. 170

72. An Act for improving and completing the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 172

73. An Act to alter, explain and amend the Laws now in force respecting the Trade of Bakers, residing out of the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. 187

74. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland. 190

75. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty on Dwelling Houses io Ireland, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein. 192

76. An Act to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. 193

77. An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain. 204

78. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing Insurrection, and preventing the Disturbances of the Publick Peace in Ireland. 206

79. An Act for regulating the Continuance of Licences for distilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland. Ibid.

80. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, several Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon. 207

81. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland. 208

82. An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed io Ireland. 209

83. An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and for indemnifying Persons liable to any Penalty for having acted contrary thereto. Page 209

84. An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cases, in Scotland. 210

85. An Act to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, in re-spect of which Security ought to be given: and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices, in the Event of such Security not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of such Office. 217

86. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the East India Company shall hire and take up Ships. 221

87. An Act to amend Two Acts, relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company; and the Quartering and Billetting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial. 222

88. An Act to make Provisions for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices. 225

89. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland, and for making allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 227

90. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. 234

91. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England disembodied finder an Act of the same Session of Parliament. 240

92. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 241

93. An Act for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Isle of Anglesea. 249

94 An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 254

95. An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. Ibid.

96. An Act to amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 259

97. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawback on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland. 260

98. An Act for raising the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Page 270

99. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regulations of Braziers and of Persons employing more than one Still in Ireland. Ibid.

100. An Act for respiting certain Fines imposed on Stills in Ireland. 274

101. An Act for confirming an Agreement for the Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Ossory and his Trustees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign. 275

102. An Act for the more effectually preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Oaths in Ireland; and for the Protection of Magistrates and Witnesses in Criminal Cases. 285

103. An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for re-enacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments. 286

104. An Act for altering the Amount of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting to His Majesty certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes on the Articles therein mentioned. 321

105. An Act to regulate the manner of making Surcharges of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and for amending the Acts relating to the said Duties respectively. 327

106. An Act for regulating the manner of assessing Lands in certain Cases to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the said Duties on occasion of Losses in other Cases therein mentioned. 342

107. An Act to regulate the Examination and Payment of Alignments for Clothing of His Majesty's Forces. 345

108. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and the Protection of the Persons employed therein. 346

109. An Act to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. 353

110. An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by inland Navigation. 353

111. An Act to limit the Amount of Pensions to be granted out of the Civil List of Scotland. 360

112. An Act for abridging the form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court. 361

113. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain. 380

114. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Page 382

115. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 383

116. An Act to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. 391

117. An Act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Publick Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances. 393

118. An Act for regulating the Offices of Registrars of Admiralty and Prize Courts. 397

119. An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildjngs, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. 399

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland. Fage 409

ii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bishop's Cleve, in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Worcester, to the said Town of Cheltenham. 420

iii. An Act for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

iv. An Act for erecting a Judiciary and County Hall and other Offices for the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

---

v. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for better lighting and cleansing the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Passages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Folgate otherwise Norton Fo/ley % in the County of Middle/ext which is Extra^parochial, . and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 420

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sbaddon Gate near Carlisle to Mulajtdey and to join the Turnpike Road at Ski/I-beck, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

vii. An Act for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, through the Towns of Farm9 Stockton and Sedge-fields to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty for repairing the said Road. Ibid.

Yiii. An. A ft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Doncafiefr through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Croft in the County of York. Ibid.

pc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Chieveleyf in the Manor and Parish of Chieveley9 in the County of Berks. 421

x. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda. Ibid.

xi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His

piefent Majesty, To far as the same relate to the Road from Buck land D inham to Radford Bridge, and from Miifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillips and from Kilmerfdon to Radfiock in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xii. An Act for continuing the Term and amending Two Acts

passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the piftrift of Road from Bury to Haflingden, and from thence to Blackburn and Whalley, all in the County Palatine of Lancasier; anA also for making a Branch of Road from Portsield to the West End of the Town of Padiham$ in the same County. Ibid.

*iii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from

Titchfield to Cosham, in the County of Southampton Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wak field to Abberford in the County of York. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an

Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Whit fleet Hill, to the Wilton T ufnpike Road at or near Bqrford in the County of Wilts % .422

xviii. Act

[Ltcal & Per final?) 50° GEO. III.

*viH. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Eyiysfori Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sboreham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Seven oaks to Bromley, in the said County. Page 412

xix. An Act for better a stuffing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Lamlrtb, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof.'Ibid.

ax. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of Hi> late Majesty and the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts ol the Ninth and

Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dor fit. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Loaner Saint

Crofi Mitt Lane, (on the Road from the City of Winchester to the Town of Southampton) to Park Gate, on the Road from Southampton to G of tort, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing and watching

the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Improvements in the said Town. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellef-mere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal

from Sherry man91 Bridge to £ajlle Well, in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the several Acts for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Bishop Wear-

mouth and Bishop Wearmouth Panns, for cleansing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein. 423

xxvi. An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His

present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the' Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the

Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market House; and for otherwise improving the said Town; and for establishing a Watch on the River Wear. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed for empowering the Commissioners for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster and iParts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundqys upon the several Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for constructing a Pier or Harbour at or near the

Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parish of Lancham,

and other Parities and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham. Page 423

xxxii. An Act to alter and explain an Act made in the Forty seventh

Year of His present Majesty, to enable the Provident Institution to sue in the Name of their Managing Director, and to enrol Annuities. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to amend an Act inade in the Twenty sixth Year

of His present Majesty's Reign, for incorporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society. Jlfia.

yxxiv. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, 10 far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster in the County of Yorks to Salter's Brook in the County of Chester. 424.

xxxv. An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of His prtr'n r i

Bangor, IVortbcnbury and Hanmert

certaip House therein mentioned in the Parish of Whitchurch? in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester / and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salob- Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the

Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colne, in ttyc County Palatine of Lancaster; and for continuing the same Road through Glajburn and Sil/den to 4iddingham and Cocking End, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafi Mark*

ham, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirteenth Year

of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleaning the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market; for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coast safe and commodious; for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Measures, and building a Town Hall. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wen/um} in

the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the said City. Ibid.

xl. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Passages within the Town of PontcfraS, in the County of York, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for altering and amendii^, an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, Jin ji8 for dividing the Park of Pontefrad, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xli. An Act for watching, and more effectually lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Kingston upon Hullt and the Liberty of Trippett and the Lordship or Preciud of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; and for preventing Nuisances therein; and also for preventing Frauds and

Road from Marchwiel, in the

I m petitions

(Local & Ptrfenal, ) ; o° GEO. III.

Impositions in the Quality, Measure and Carnage of Coals fold in the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof. Page 425

An Act for better paring, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improring the Town of Lowefioft, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for providing an Additional Burial Gi*ound for the Parish of Saint Luke, Cketsea, in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid.Ht. An Act for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

llr. An Act for better aflemng and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xlri, An Act for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Bunk, on the North Side of the Wash of the Hundred Feet River, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. Ibid. xltd. An Act for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Saber9s Lode and Wticks9 s Dam Bridge, in the Isle of Ely9 and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk. Ibid.

tlm An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

slix. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Twenty fecortd Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town |of Newcastle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating therewith, 426 L An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South EJk9 at or near Montrose. Ibid.

li. An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majesty to the Royal Institution of Great Britain, and for extending and more eftedually promoting the Objects thereof. Ibid.

Hi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of federal Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more effectually repairing, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon. 431

iiii. An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Famborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars9 Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresjield\ in the County of Sussex. 432

liv. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Letnsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hit chin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

lv. An Act for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Pulborough,

in the County of Sussex, to the Road running from Worthing t«* Horsham, in the said County; and from the said Road running1 from Worthing to Horsham to the Direction Post in the Parish 6f Sttyumg* o* the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham, in the said County. Page 43 2

lvi. An Act for enlarging the Tferna and Power* df Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford^ and several other Road* therein described; and for extending the said Road* from King9* Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Wejion under Lizard to Newport, in the County of Salop* Ibid.

lvii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Prefon9 in the County Palatine of Lane after. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

lix. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York9 to Mantjield in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop to Kelham9 at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lx. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Rathdown. 433 lxi. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Buchton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hill» and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed. Ibid.

Ixii. An Act to amend several Acts for repairing Roads leading to and through the Town of Frome in the County of Somersetf and for paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the said Town, and for removing Part of the present Market Place in the said Town. Ibid.

Ixiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hard-ingstone te Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Eling and Fawley, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Capel Coningejby Earl with Sarah Countess of Essex9 his Wife. Ibid.

lxi Vd for inclosing and exonerating frona Tythes, Lands

in the Parish of Bletchleyt in the County of Buckingham. Ibid. lxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Plumfiead and Pofiwick, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

Ixviii. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of Kilmarnock, and Suburbs thereof; for regulating the Police and Markets; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. lb'ul.

Ixix. An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour within the

County of Stirling.

[Local & Personal, ) 50* GEO.HL /

hx. An Act to amend several Acts of the Thirteenth, Thirty fifth and Thirty feTenth Years of His present Majesty, for deepening and making more commodious the Harbour of Aber* deem. Page 434

Ixxi. An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead\ in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid. lxxii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain' Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth and Clack-mamnan. Ibid.

Ixxhi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for making amd maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Wijbeeh in the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Town of Thorney in the same Isle and County. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Watt* and for the more effectuafly preventing Mifcniefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, by permitting Johns9 Patent TeiTera to be used in the Covering of Houses and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

\xxvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto. 436

lxim. An Act for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of Moreton's Learn, between Tower House and Whittlesey Field, in the Isle of Ely fend County of Cambridge. 437

lxxviii. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts of His late and present Majesty for draining, preferring and inclof* ing Lands in March, WimUington and Uswell, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as the said Acts relate to the Firit and Second Districts, therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors, Pari dies and Places of North Weflon, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

ixxx. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.'Ibid.

lixxi. An Act for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marihes and Fen Lands called or known by the Name of The Afbifmert Level, within the several Parishes of Leiflon, with the Hamlet of Sixewell, Theberton, Dunwich, Weflleton and Middleton cum Fordley, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the said Town. Ibid.

IxxxiiL An Act for better lighting, watching, cleansing and repairing the Highways, and otherwiie improving the Hamlet of Rat cKfl, in the County of Middlesex, and for repealing an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty relative thereto; and

for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor -Of tire said Hamlet. Page 437

lxxxiv. An Act for better pa*iag and lighting, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Mid-dUfes*. Ibid.

Ixxxv. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other Purposes fa the said Act mentioned. 438.

IxXxvi. An Act for altering and amending 9D Ad, passed in the lift Session of Parliament, for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, and Fo/s Bridgeover- the River Fofx, in the City of York; for widening, raising and improving certain Streets, Lanes and Faflages leading and near rto the fiud Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City. Hid.

btxxvii. An Act for maintaining*Bridge across the River Beasdey* to be cad led The Lovat Bridge, fa the County of Invomeft. Ibid. hxxriii. An Act for making and tnaietatiung a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Bill, communicating with the present Turnpike Road from London to Barnet, at Upper Holloway, in the Panlh of Bmint Maty Ifiington, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Panfti of Horufey, in the Couaty of.Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxxtx. An Act to enable the Birmingham Life A durance and Annuity Office to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

xc. An Act to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid.

Xci. An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of NewcoJUe upon Tyne* Ibid.

xcii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Red House, near Doncqfler, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to PontcfraB, and from thence to Wetland, and from PontefraB to Went bridge, all in the West Riding of the Couaty of Tori. Ibid.

tdii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlaige the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick to the Town of Northampton. 439

xciv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and repair* ing the Road leading from Ayhjbwry, in the County of Bucking-ham, to Hocklisse, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to War-mington, and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. Ifad.

xevi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the PowBY of Two Acts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the

(Local & Personaly) 50° GEO. III.

Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of 7#ri, to IVoodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby. Page 439

xcvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Act* of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned* leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making a New Piece of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xcriii. An Act for continuing1 and amending an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey's Oaky and from Ktrgsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lingen aforesaid to Wolford, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xeix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham. 440

c. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancasier; and for making a Branch of Road from the said Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to P ref on; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hard-man\ both in Turton in the said County. Ibid.

cl An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Brenuton, and other Roads, in the Counties of Smncrfet and Wilts, therein described.9Ibid.

ciL An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley, in the County of Derby, and from WoolLy Moor to the Chefierfield Turnpike Road at KejMidge, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

cin* An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty second Yean of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Ajbbern to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Chcadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the said Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp at or near Ruchill Gate, in the County of Staf* fiord. Ibid.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, pafiTed in the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham tionfe, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford. 441

ct. An Act for enabling the Trustees of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Estatesdevifed to him for Life by the Will of hi9 late Father, deceased. Ibid.

Cti. An Act for vesting the legal Fee of certain Estates deyifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard Late Lord Pen-50 Geo. Ill, b rhyn,

rhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Esquire, in William Lc Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trusts subsistirig or capable of taking Effect in the said Eft ales. Page 441

evii. An Act for vesting certain Trufl Estates in the surviving Trustee under the Will of jElizabeth Boddington, deceased. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for incorporating she Archbishop of Cafbel, the Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the Bifliqp of OJfory$ and the Dean of 'OJfory, and their respective Successors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of*The Trustees of the 4 Asylum in 'the City of Kilkenny/ founded by James Swhfir Esquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and useful Institution, according to the Provisious of a certain Trust Deed, executed by the said James Switfir. Ibid.

feix. An Act for vesting a Messuage and Premises near Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Esquire deceased, in Trustees in trail to fell the same, and to layout the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates. Ibid. Ox. An Act to confirm and establish certain Inclosures of Lands* within the Parish of Rojjfington, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also to eneftuatean Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgeftes of the Borough of Doncaster, and the Rector of Rojftngton aforesaid. Ibid.

exi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newnton Blojfom* vide otherwise Newton BlrJfomvilUy in the County of Bucking-ham. Ibid.

'CXii. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Tcllefcomb otherwise Telfcombe, in the County of Sufex. 442

kcxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes oi Tidenbam, Wool-astone and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Berrick Priory and in the Manor and Parish of New'mgton9 in the County of Qyf\«/, Hid*

Vxv. - An Act for mtlofing Lands in the F<ariihea of Codisote9 Welwyn and 'Knebworth9 in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the I^riihes<of'CZ*<W^ry and Colva, in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for inclosing the Open Fields of Ntwbold Verdun

and New bold Heath, in the County of JLeice/ler. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of tEnbeme*

Hamlead Marjhally Inkpcn and Kintbury, in the County of B.rks. Ibid.

txix. An Act Tor amendhig an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and .Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford9>in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar. .Ibid.

exxi. An Act for more effectually repaying the Roads in the County of Forfar..443

Cxxii. An Act for making<aod maintaining a Navigable .Canal from the Union Canal, in the Parish of- C tunley, in the County of It\ce!ftr> to join the Grand iu oft ion* Caoal near L<m % Buchby9 in the County of N*rib'*pton , and fommaidnga Collateral Cut from the hud intended Canal. /Ibid.

oanriii. An

{Local to* Pcrjonal, ) GEO. III.

ctx'ii An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth; and for making other Railways therein meniioned in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth. Page 443 jcrxir. An Act for making and maintaining .a Tunnel or Road under the River Severn, from the Parish of Newoham to the Parish of JLrjingham, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cut. An Act for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South West Parts of the Middle jLered, Part of the Great Level of the Feus commonly called Bedford fend. Ibid. cuvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leverton, in the County of Uneoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank pritfun the said ParHh. Hid.

cxxviL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Farkb of Leak, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the said Parish. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for amending) enlarging and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, for the effectual draining and preferring of a certain Fen called Caw die Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the Jflcof Ely, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for amending and rendering mote effectwl an Act of Ifi$ , present Majesty, far dividing and allotting cmats Fens, called The Eafi and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds belonging to and in certain Parkhes having Right of Common on the said Fens, and for declaring to what iParvlhes such Allotments shall belong. Hid.

cm. An Act to amend and ^render more cfthftual an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a new Church, to .be called Chrll Church, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Mi rafter or perpetual Curate thereof. 444

cxxxi. An Act for the more equally affdBng and o&Befting the Poor Rates within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Towny in the Patish of Saint D unfan St ebon Heath jotherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Woi^khouse or Work-houses of the said Hamlet, and managing.tbeCoocems thereof. Ibid. Ctxxii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raifc .a further Sum of Money; and to alter, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Waterworks; and for extending the same. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for enlarging the Tnan and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Mcackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury. Ibid.

trxxiv. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Tuntpjkc Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. Jlid. gtxxv. An Act for continuing the Term ao^ altering and enlxrg-the Bp wets of Tyro Acts of His^prefeot Majesty, for respiring certain Roads lying in the Counties of l^scaflrr and

b 1 Warwick

Warwtcit and in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick. Page 444.

cxxxri. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called TJlrad, in the Pariftt of Lanfahon, in the County of Glamorgan, to Pontymoil, near the Town of P only fool, in the County of Monmouth, with a collateral Branch tojoin the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca, in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near TJlrad aforesaid, and another Bridge nemr Penllwyn, in the County of Monmouth. 445

cxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Bran-dlefome Moss Gate, in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of York* % Publick House, in the Towninip of Blackburn, and Three, federal Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lasuafer. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vejl the settled Estates of Johu Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, tn Trusteer in Trujl to be sold for the Payment of Debts aJfcQing the same, and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof, for the Invejlment of the Rest due of the Monies to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Uses of the feud settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.cxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dymercbiony in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Cub bam, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for paving the Footways and Cross>paths, and lighting, deanfing and regulating the Streets, JLanes and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Parish of Romsey Infraf and in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton. Ibid. cxlii. An Act for inclosing, draining and preferring Lands in the Parish of Thirne in the County of Norfolk.. Ibid.

Cxliii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimblinfton, in the Parish of Dodcbngton, and in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the said Act relates to the Lands in the Second District therein described. 446

cxliv. An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits from East Moulfey in Surrey, to Ravenfbome in Kent. Una.

cxlv. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for better and more effectually paring, lighting, cleansing watching and otherwise improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Passages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

cxlrii. An

{Local (if Pnfonaly) 50° GEO. III.

cxlfii. An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Stmts* and other Pubbck Passages and Places, in the Parish of SauU Pamcrai in the County of Middlesex, which are or shall be, made upon Ground belonging to Joseph Lucas Esquire. Pare 446 Calvin. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two, Acts, passed for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames or Ifs, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Carnal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of Wilts, and also certain navigable Cuts therein described. Ibid. cxHx. An Act for making mor effectual Provision for lighting, watching, paving, deansing, regulating and improving the Streets / and other Public* Places in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cL An Act for supplying with Water Upper and Lower Hollo way, Highbury, Connor bury. Upper Islington, and their respective Vicinities, all in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

dL An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of t London. 447

cHL An Act for authorizing the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the iTown of Naas. Ibid.

diii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His pnefent Majesty, intituled An Act. for amending, improving and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath; and for granting other Powers for more effectually improving the several Roads therein described, being in and leading to and from the said City. Ibid.

cKv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction roft in Kingjlhorbe, in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge in the same fcounty. Ibid.

civ. An Act to enable Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mil dm ay Baronet, to exercise certain rowers of jointuring and charging certain settled Estates in the County of Essex with Portions for

younger Children. Ibid.

dvi. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates late the Property of Susanna Hake deceasea, in Trustees to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Partiea entitled to the said Estates. Ibid.

dviL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Divisions of Lewknor and PoJUomb, in the Parish of Lewknor in the County of Oxford. Ibid. dviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kidlington in the

County of Oxford. Ibid.

dix. An Act for iudofing Lauds in the Parishes of Stainton and Edlington, in the West Riding of the County of 7'orh. 448

dx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadle, in the County Palatine of Chsjltr. Ibid.

clrtt. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Parish of Rothhvry % in the County of Northumberland, Fogc 448

rftffi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoe, and in the Parish of Ovingham, in the County of No rihnm Ml and Ibid.

chin. An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be called1, " The Gas u Light and Coke Company, " for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procormgr Coke, Orl, Tar, Pitch, Afphalium, Ammoniacai Liquor, and essential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

clxiv. An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curfi-tors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provssion for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service, or from Age or Infirmity, are or Avail be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court; and for making other Payments in respect of the said Offices. 463

dxv. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for bettor supplytiig the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 477

clxvi. An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, Ring Charles the Second, so far as the same relates to the River Brandon otherwise the Lesser Ouze, from the Whtte Hoafe near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the said River. 478

clxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Arts of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenock, and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police 5 and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts. Ibid.

dxviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

dxix. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Passages in the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

dxx. An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, which are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrison Esquire, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

dxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Afhford to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby. Ibid. %

clxxii. An Act for confirming and carrying into Effect an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Gordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrofe Cuturning Gordon Baronet, dcceased;

and

{Local to* Per fatal50* GEO. IS.

riS for enabling Sir William Gordon Cummrig Gordon Bfcronet, nd Charles Lennox Camming El quire, and their nespective Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their relpedive Entailed Estates, under the Authority and by the Directions of the Court of Session in Scotland* P*g* 478

clxxiii. An Act for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Eft ate 8 of the Mo ft Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex and Middlesex, for Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of Tort; and for veiling feveial MelTuages and Lands, other Parts of the said Duke's Settled Estates, in the hud Counties of York, Sujftx and Middlesex, and in the County of Nottingham, in trull to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. Ihid\

dxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester to Wootton Balfeti in the County of Wilts, and a Branch of Road from the Malmcf-bury and Cirencester Turnpike Road near Crudwell Church to com* municate with the Turnpike Road leading from CricUade to Malmejhury at or near Minety Common. 479

dxxr. An Act for veHing certain Estates in the County of Kent9 late of Henry Lyell Esquire, deceased, in Trustee9, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclosing certain Lands in the County of Cambridge and for investing the Surplus Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the substilfog Uf?a of the Will and Codicils of the said Henry Lyell. Ibid.

clxxvi. An Act for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Leflecs, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to grant building and repairing Leases of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; pursuant to an Agreement entered into for those Purposes. Ibid. dxxvii. An Act for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to grant Leases of certain Estates at or near Ryde in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of the late William Player Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estates. Ibid.

dxxviii. An Act for discharging the Estate of George Frederick Stratton Esquire, in the Parish of Great Teiv, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trusts thereof, and for substituting another Estate in the same County in lieu thereof. Ibid.

dixix. An Act for vesting several Fee Farp^Rents or Annual Sums* devised by the Will of Robert Scolt/S^mrc, deceased, in Truf-tecs, upon Trust to be sold; and so^'taying out the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

chtxx. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the CouBtfes of Stafford, Salop, Chester and Buckingham, late of the Reverend Richard Lroett, Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinster, in Trqftees, upon trust to fell the same; and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. 480

dmL An Act for effeduating a Partition of certain settled Elates

of David Ross Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Dovon in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England. Page 480

clxxxii. An Act for effeduating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Estates situate in the County of Monmouth, deviled by the Wills of John Blewitt Esquire, and Frances Fettiflace, deceased. # Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trusteea of H nry Smith Esquire, deceased, and Henry Woodgate Esquire, of Estates in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townshipa of Great Longstone, Little Longstone and Wardloiv> in the County of Derby. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wring-tonf Tatton and Kenn, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion Ifcoed, in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Act for more effectually cleansing, lighting and*etching the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcomhe Regis in the County of Dor/et, and removing Incroachments and Annoyances therein 5 for licensing and regulating Chairmen and other Persons plying for Hire; for establishmg Markets 5 and for giving further Powers to the Quay Mailer of the Harbour of the said Town. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Right of Presentation to the Redory and Parish of Simonburnt in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for atteffing the Proprietors of Lands iti the County of Ross % towards the Ex-penee of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridget therein, and of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Ross. 481

cxc. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the maintaining, reg(dating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, over and upon certain Parcels of Land in Saint George*s Fields, in the County of Surrey 5 and for repealing so much /)f Two Acts passed in the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His pre-ient Majesty, as prevents the erecting Buildings on certain Parts of the said Parcels of Land, within a limited Distance from the Sides of such of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George*s Fields aforesaid. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance

(Local & Personal, ) 50° GEO. III.

of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majestr, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. Page 481

cxciii. An Act to incorporate and regulate an Jnftitution, to be called " The Belfafi Academical Institution" for affording to Youth a Classical and Mercantile Education. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, in the IJU of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse9 and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mefally Wicham, Wentworth9 IV'ickfordy Ely, Downham and Lit deport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Con-fenrators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed-ford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, called Invested Lands. Ibid.

Oct. An Act for vesting a certain Plot of Land on Wandon otherwise Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Mod Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the same and certain Effates of the said Duke with a perpetuu Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwaniens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Wandon otherwise Woven-don in the said County, in Manner and upon the Trulls therein mentioned. 48 a

cacvi. An Act for vesting the settled Effates at Eltham9 in the County of Kent9 of the Right Honourable George AuouJlus Henry Anne Lord Rancliffe9 in Trustees upon Trust, to fell the same, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leases of the same, for the Purpose of building; and to lay out the Monies" arising by such.Sales in the Purchase of other Effates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

excvii. An Act for exchai^ing the entailed Estate of the Right Honourable Amabell Baroness Lucas9in the County of Wilts9for other Effates of the said Baroness Lucas, the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Granthamf and the Right Honourable Thomas Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of Ejffex and

- Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement

of the said Effates in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act for vesting the Lease of the Governors of Bethlem Hospital in the Scite of the Hospital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was.granted; and for authorizing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint George*s Fields, in lien thereof, to Trustees for the Governors of the said Hospital for the like Term, for the Purpose of erecting a new Hospital thereon on an enlarged Scale. Ibid.

cxcix. An Act for empowering the surviving Trustees under the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the devised Effates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Effates,

to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the same Will. Ibid.

cc. An Act for enabling George Byng Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands and Premises, situate in the Isle of Dogs in the County of Middlesex. Pag* 48 a

cci. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Slafiton, in the Comity of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Norton, lyinjr in the same Parish, and in the several Parishes of Ivinghoe, EddleJ^ borough and Pighilejl borne, in the same County. 483

Ccii. An Act for inclosing Whitchurch Common, and other Waile Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. Ibid. cciii. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commiflianers appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners aft* ing in pursuance of an Agreement between the Eaf India Com* pany and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effirft. Ibid.

cciv. An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for the further Improvement of the said Navigation. Ibid.

ccv. An Act to explain an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for th^ more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, so far as relates to the lighting of Rutland Square in the said City. Ibid.

ccvi. An Act for cftahlishing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely; for taking down and removing the Shambles therein; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Town, and removing Nuisances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wtjbech\ and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto. Ibid.

Ccvii. An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Ware-houses, called the Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses t# communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

ccviii. An Act for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor within th<? Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex; for better lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, repairing and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the said Parish; and foi repealing Three Acts severally passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth Year9 of His present Majesty relative thereto. 522 ccix. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Botolph without did* gate, in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid.

ccx. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerjord Gate, in the County of Oxford, to the Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton. 523

ccxi. An Act for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trustees of Henry Smith's Chanty and John Newn* haw Esquire, of divers EiUtes in Worth and Balcombe, other*

wilt

(Local t*f Perjtmol, ) $0° GEO. III.

wife Bonhomie, Ardinghy, Crawley and If eld, in the County of Sojjsex. Page C2J

ccxii. An Act for inclosing Land* within the Parishes ofTrelfcck> Benoit, Mitchel Troy, Cwmcaryan, Landogo, Tintern and Lainejhen, in the County of Monmouth. /£/</.

ccxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether Kellet, in the Parrish of the Sands, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster. Ibid.

ccxiv. An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lanet upon the Conditions and under the Regulations therein mentioned. Ibid.

eexv. Air Act to alter and amend the Lidney and Ltdbrooh Railway Act, to vary certain Parts of the said Railway, and to extend the same from I/tdbrook to Bi/hopfs Wood, and from the Lower Forge to the Cross Pill, and for making a Bason and Canal to communicate with the River Severn at Nafs Point. 538

eexvi. An Act for establishing a Chapel of sease at Tremaaoc, in the Chapelry of Tnyftynhaiarn, in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid. ccxvii. An Act for removing One of the Trustees of the settled Estates and the other settled Property of the Reverend Richard Burton Burton PhilUpfon, and for vesting the same in other Trustees, and for enabling the High Court of Chancery to appoint new Trustees. Ibid.

ccxviii. An Act for difafforefting the Forest of South otherwHe Rajl Bert otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and for in-doling the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. 339

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1 AN Act to di Solve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry IVellefley with the Right Honourable Lady Charlotte Wellejley, his now Wife, and to enable him 'to marry again \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act for naturalizing Fredrick Fredricks.

3. An Act for indoling Lands in the Parishes of Taxham, IVeJl-Jield, Whinbergh and Garvestone, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Ifeifch.

5. An Act for naturalizing John Simon Brandjlrom.

6. An Act for inclosing Lauds in Glajfon, in the County of Cumberland.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kirkbride, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

8. An Act for iuclofing Lands in the Parish of Warllington9 in the County of Southdrhpton.

9.An Act for naturalizing Samuel Henry Staudenmayer.

10. An Act for naturalizing William Lagemann.

11. An Act for naturalizing Charles William Neuman.

12. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Rcinboldt af Uhr.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Blechingley and Horne, in the County of Surrey.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stanway, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Tollerton,

in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thuxton, in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Township of IVbitfield, in the Manor and Parish of GUJfop, in the County of Derby.

x8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Chit-terne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hajlingfield, in the County of Cambridge.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hem/ly, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hardley and Langley, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Badfworth, in the County of York.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holt» in the County of Worcester.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in Hunjhelf in the West Riding of the County of York

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Attereliffe and Darnal, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York.

17. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Garforth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sedgberrow, in the County of Worcefer.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sellinge, in the County of Kent.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

30. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Barley, in the County of Hertford.

31. An Act for naturalizing Paul William Bertheau.

32. An Act for naturalizing Frederick James Horn.

33. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Sack.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Leifion and Theberton, in the County of Suffolk.

35. An Act for inclosing Lapds in the Manor of Amberley, in the County of Sussex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brundholme, in the County of Cumberland,

37. An

(Local y Persona!, printed, ) j00 GEO. III.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangunnor and Llanddarog, in the County of Carmarthen.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Thor imgton, in the County of Essex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ronton, in the Gfcnty of Bedford'.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Pensham, in the Parish of Saint Andrew in Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Walditch, in the County of Dorset.

4a. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvington, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horlcy, in the County of Surrey.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Allerpeverell, in the Parish of Columpton, in the County of Devon.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Bonehill otherwise Bunbilly in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Friday thorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

48. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Soulby, in the County of Wejhnorlana.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wath upon Deane, in the County of York.

JO. An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Boston» in the County of Lincoln, called BoJ\oq East.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Gib Bng, in Richmondshire, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

52. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors of Glyndyfrdwy otherwise Glyndwrdwy, Rug and Gwydde Uvern, in the County of Merioneth.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fijhtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gosforth, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

55. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Indo-fure of certain Lands in the Township of Great Sheepey, in the Parish of Sheepey, in the County of Leicester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

j6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llanaber, Lland-dwywe, Llanenddwyn, Llanbedr and Llanfair, in the County of Merioneth.

[Allotment to the King in lieu of bit Right and Interest in the Soil.]

10 57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Luton Cherny* hi the County of Dorset.

58. An Act for allotting Lands «n the Parishes of Wlntmrhnrm Steip and Stapltford, in the County of Wilts*

59. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Parish of Weston super Mare* in the County of Somsrfet.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sibfey, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Comgemfation for Tithes« A^? Lafe of Vicarial Allotments without C^nfeot of the King* as Patron of the Vicarage

of Sibfey.]

61. An Act to enable Egbert Gordon Esquire, and Efizabelh Anne his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Elizabeth A/ine Gordon, to make a Settlement of her Estates, purfuaut to Articles entered into previously to their Marriage.

62. An Act for inclafing Lands in the Township of Thorp Audfin9 in the Parish of Badfworlh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compenffion for Tithes. Allotment to the King in right of His Duchy of Laocaster, ms Lord of the Honor of Pontrefraft.]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Datchct, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

«4- An Act for confirming and establishing the Divtfon, Allotment and Inclosure certain Common or Parcel of Waste Land

called Mare kffWh and other Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mare, in the County of Stafford.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saddle worthy in the West Riding of the County of York.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Stoic Pages and Wexham, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

67. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Iclleton* in the County of Cambridge

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Teversham, in the 'County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of West Catting with and Thorganby, in the Parish of Thorganby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Gow$borft % in the Parish of Bishop Wilton, in the County of Ybrk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gayton otherwise Qeyton, in the County of Norfolk.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tibbenton, in 'the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the TWo/hips of JlMtom don» y: rs9 Raintcn with Newby and Mclmerby* in the North jLiding of the County of York,

74. Aa

[Local Personaljtftci printed, ) 50° GEO. ill.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingfiauy in tie County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pitton and Farley in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wcff Monktony in tfc^?ounty of Somerset.

77. Wh Act for naturalizing Peter Maze.

78. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Sandmark.

79. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to Sell certain Parts of the Lands contained in a Deed of Entail made by the late John Earl of Hyndford, and to apply the Price to be received for the said Parts in the Purchase of the Lands of Scotston lying contiguous to the said entailed Ellates, and to apply any Surplus of the said Price in manuer therein mentioned.

80. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of John Powell Esquire, situate in the County of Salop9 for other his settled Estates in the County of Montgomery.

8f. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ship of Stephtony in the Parish of Preffeigny in the County of Hereford.

82. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wigmorey in the County of Hereford.

83. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eckingtony in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

84. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor ^t^yf/bridge, in the County of Wilts.

85. An Act to diffoive the Marriage of William Guard Esquire, with Margaret Letitia his now Wire, and to enable him lo marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

86. An Act for vesting the Manor of Pembroke otherwise Monktnn % and other Hereditaments in the County of Pembroke, granted by Queen Elizabeth to Robert Earl of EJfexy and the Heirs Male of the Body of Sir Walter J)evereuxy Lord of Ferrers and Chartclcy, in Trustees to be conveyed to John Owen Esquire, for the Consiideration therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses.

87. An Act for inclosing Waste Lands within the Manor of Walt-ham Saint Lawrencey and also in so much of the Minor of Hall as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrcncey in the County of Berks.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

88. An Act for inclosing a cerlain Common or Waile Ground called Battisford Tyey in the Parish of Battisford, in the County of Suffolk.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Launlony in the County of Oxford.

90 An Act to amend, alter and explain an Act, pnfiVd in the 4*0.8.c. 54* Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in F* the Township of Langfordy in the Counties of Berks and Oxfordy or one of them.

91. An Act for naturalizing the Right Honourable Catherine Coos* tess of Pembroke and Montgomery.

92. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Jojeph Gofli Carrighan.

93. An Act for naturalizing Paul Theodore Favre.

94. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of fPitbcall, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. No Lease of rial Allotments without Consent of the King> as Patron of tm&ec- tory of Withcall.]

95. An Act for naturalizing Mans George Gron.

96. An Act for naturalizing Johann Christian Burch bardt.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo,

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty 4 second day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty feTenth 4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued by several Prorogations, to the Twenty third day of January 1810, being the Fourth Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and SnuiT, in Great Britain; and on Pen-fjons, Offices and Personal Estates in England j for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[ 20th February 181 o.]

[See 49 G. 3. r. I. to which this Act (except the Dates, and except the Recital of 49 G. 3. c. S5* tn Seftiort 19. in addition to the 48 G. 3. c. 102. appointing Commifioners, and the Recital of the 49 G. 3, c* 1. as continuing the Duties) is in all Ref peelsfimilar.^

CAP. II.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Poun& by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[12th March , 1810.]

" Treasury impowered to raise 10, 500, 000/. by Exchequer Bills, in " Manner prelcribed by 48 G» 3. c. 1. — i, 2. Priucipal of said Bills 44 charged on First Supplies of next Session. y 3. Intereil thereon of 44 3 \pcr Cent, per Diem. § 4, Said Bills0 be current at the Exche- quer, ficc. after April 5, 1811. § 5. Bank of England empowered 44 to advance 6, 500, 000/. on the Credit of this Act, no twith Handing 44 5 k6W. Sc M. c. 20w — § 6. Act may be altered or repealed thii 14 Session. §7. 1

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, . by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eigluJiundred and ten.

[12th March 18x0.] [On the like Terms as under c. 2. of this Sejpon^]

50 Geo. III. B CAP.

A'D.tSio.

<tO-3. c. 7-

«*o»rtinuerT a« 10 l)«c. 31, 1810.

Hi* Majrftjr, alter O^t. I, 1810, may permit DiBiUattoa from (inin (Wheat exc*pt-cH), Jiutl may ex-teud the Time of Prohibition.

C. it 5. 50° GEO. III.

CAP. IV.

An Act. to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themleives for Offices and Employments; and for ejcteitdidg the Times limited for those Purposes respe6Hvefy, until the Twenty fifth Day of MamdbOr.c thousand eight hundred and eleven; and to permit Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-toniies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and eleven. [ ath March ifrio.]

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time»and to continue, ur.til Four Mouths after the Expiration of such Prohibition, an Act of the last Session of Parliament,* suspend the Importation of British or IriJlj-ind.de Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respecUvcly. [12th March 1810.]

"I WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in tlx United

Kingdom for a limited Time, should be continued for a Time to be

limited, as far as the same regard Great Britain : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act, and all and every the Matters and Thing? therein contained, shall be and the same is «*d are hereby continued, as far as the same regard that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, until the Thirty-tiril Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten.

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, Tkat in case His Majesty at any Time after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Wash for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bnm, then, and in Inch Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty'* Order in Council, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and suffer all and every Person or Persons, (but not any particular Person or Persons, ) at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date q( such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Waft for Distillation from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grata

(Wheat excepted), or from any Malt, Floor or Bran; or.in case fls Majesty, at any Time after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall in His Royal Discretion judge

it

^D-iSro.

3

50* GEO. Ill* C. 5, <5.

it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kkgdoro eitted Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the -DittflUtion of Spirits from Corn or Grain, from the said Thirtr first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten^ ontO rprty Daysafter the then neat Meeting of Parliament then* and irfjhch Case, it shall and may he lawful to and for His Majesty, by Hi* Koyal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty'^ Order in Couacil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the said Thirty tirft Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, until Forty Days after the next Ib^ecting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned, (that is to say), that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Worts or Wash for Distillation shall be made from Oats, Barley or my other Corn or Grain* or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. And whereasan Act was passed in the last Session of Parlia- 49 G*3* c*

4 ment, intituled, An Act to fuss end the Importation o/'British or Irish- made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively until tie Firjb 4 Day of Juno One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Act was 4 further continued by another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and ten: And whereas it is expedient that all the Provisions 4 far preventing the Importation of British or Ir'Jb-made Spirits into 4 Great Britain or Ireland respectively should be further continued : further eonti-Beit therefore en&sted, That all the Powers and ProvHionsin the first nued (except the recited Act contained (except as far as respects the Remission of the p#j|r*on ut 4 Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or c : y\) Ireland respectively, within a Time therein limited) shall continue and be in force from the Expiration of the last recited Act until Four Months after the Expiration of the Time which shall be fixed under the Authority of this Act for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, al-, AAmty be trued or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this prtrfent Session of wied, See. Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Walts to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Princdi Meadows, in the PariQi of Lambeth, in the Coumy of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Qornioall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

[12th March 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* An AO for building§ G- 3- c. exe'u a Bridge over Be River Thames, from the PrecinS of the Savoy* or 4 near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and'

4 far making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith 4 is the County of Surrey, the Company of Proprietors of the said

B 2 4 intended

4

C: 6. 50" GEO. III. f±.D.i8to

1 intended Bridge are authorized to set out and make a Road from tin 4 said Bridge, to or near to a certain Place called the Obeli/k, in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of Saint George*s Southwark* in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another

Road, from a certain Street called Stamford street* in the.Parish of Christ Church, in tht said County of Surrey, into the said first mentioned Road; and the said Company of Proprietors are further authorized to purchase a certain Slip, or Piece of Land, which in the making and conltructing of the said tirft mentioned Road,

will intervene between such Road and the Ellatc and Premises of ' His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall*

called Prince's Meadows, in the Paridi of Saint Mary Lambeth* 4 in the County of Surrey, and to assign, transfer and set over the said Slip or Piece of Land unto His said Royal Highness, His 4 Heirs and Sucrcffors, Dukes of Cornwall, in exchange for such Portion of Land, Parcel of the said Premises, called Prince's Meadows* 4 as shall be requiiite (or the making and construdling of the said before 4 mentioned Roads, in their Course through and over certain Parts 4 of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows: And whereas the 4 creeling of the said intended Bridge, to be called the Strand 4 Bridge, and the making and construdting of the said intended 4 Roads, together with the before mentioned Exchange of Laud so 4 authorized as aforesaid, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Premises called Prince's Mcadowsy in coune&ion with all the 4 adjoining Property, jf Encouragement shall be given for the Erection of good and iubilantial Dwelling Houses and other Buildings,

4 in lieu of the present Houses* most of which are. con(lru£ted 4 chiefly of Wood, and arc in a ruinous State, producing, with the 4 Remainder of the said Premises, a present gross Rental to the Lessees of about Three thousand two hundred Pound* only per annum ;

4 and also for the Conilru&iori of other refpcdlable Buildings in the 4 Line of the said intended Roads, and the making of other Roads 4 or Streets to communicate with the before mentioned intended 4 Roads; ail which might be effected, if His said Royal Highness ' was empowered to grant Leases of the said Premises, upon such 4 Terms as might be for the mutual Benelit of His said Royal 4 Highness and His Successors: And whereas the said Premises 4 called Prince's Meadows* contain altogether, by Admeasuremenr,

4 Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods, and Ten Perches of Land,

4 or thereabout, and comprize witlkin the Limits thereof a Range of 4 Wharfs, with Two Bargehouses, altogether abutting upon the '.River Thames* to the Extent of One thousand two hundred ar.d ' fifty two Feet, or thereabout, behind which Wharfs an'd Bar^ehoulos there is a narrow Road or Street, called the Narrow Wall,

4 the irregular and winding Course whereof precludes several of the 4' said Wharfs from occupying a sufficient Space in Depth from the said River, but which might be remedied, and the Public be more 4 conveniently accommodated, by the making and constructing of 4 another Road or Street across the said Premises called Prince's 4 Meadows, in lieu of, and somewhat further remold from the said River, than the before mentioned Road or Street eaned the Narrow 4 Wall, in which the present Buildings are for the most Part con-Mlru&ed of Wood, and otherwise are of a very inferior Description,OTd forac of them in a very ruinous State, and the Remainder of.. 'the

A D.igio,

5

$or> GEO. III. Ci 6.

the said Premises consists principally of Meadow or PafUire Land 4 and Garden Ground, there being only a fraall Portion thereof

coverecL\Aji Buildings: And whereas by an Act of Parliament

passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Ma. 3j/; . a. e. ; g. jesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince

4 of Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and 4 Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Comwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other Pvrposes therein men-

tioned; His said Royal Highness, in addition to the ordinary Powers*thereby veiled in His said Royal Highness, of making Leases and Grants for the Term of Thirty one Years, or for Terms of Years

determinable upon Three Lives, is further empowered to ma^e

4 Leases and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Term of 1 Ninety nine Years, expressly for the Purpose of improving the same,

by erecting fubilantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of improving Waste Lands by Cultivation or otherwise; provided that 4 upon all such Leases or Grants so to be made for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determiuable upon Three Lives, improved Annual Ground Rents should be 'referred, payable to His said Royal Higlinefs, or"to such as should 'have the Inheritance or other Ellate of the said Duchy; and that 4 in all such Cases no Fine or other Consideration should be taken by 4 His said Royal Highness, further or other than the improved An-

nual Ground Rents so directed to be reserved as aforesaid: And whereas the said before recited Provision against the taking of Fines 1 in all Cases of Leases or Grants to be made by His said Royal 4 Highness for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon Three Lives, was not intended to 4 deprive His Royal Highness of the accustomed Benefit of Fines to 4 be received, in the ordinary Course of granting Renewals in like 'Manner as such Fines might now be received by His said Royal

4 Highness, in respect to the said Premises called Prince's Meadows,

4 by confining the future Leases or Grants thereof to such Terms 4 of Years as, with the existing Terms therein, would not exceed the ' ordinary Period of Thirty one Years, but which Period is of a,

Duration too limited to afford sufficient Encouragement for the 'erecting of any substantial Bnildings, whillt the continuing so to 'grant the said Premises for short Terms of Years will not ©nly

have the Effect of excluding them from the Improvement whereof 4 they are from Situation susceptible, but may at the same time 'occasion the said Premises to remain an Interruption to any general 1 Plan for the Improvement of the Neighbourhood, which at present 4 (lands so much in N.ed thereof: And whereas it would r.ot be aduLable, under the Circumflnnees before mentioned, to make any 4 immediate Leases or 'Grants of the said Premises called Prince's 4 Meadows y for such Term only as, with the exilting Term or Terms 4 therein, would fill up the same to the ordinary Period of Thirty 'one years, more especially as the said Premises could not be made 4 to produce, m4fcr a Lease or Leases to be granted for such limit-'edTcrm of Years, a greater Income than the Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds Yearly, clear of all Ont-goings, whilR 'under a Lease or Leases to be granted for extending the Term to

B 3 Ninety

6

C. 6.

A.D. 1810.

Til' Prince of

W.tlpjt rHifKiretell to »ale.I^edfci of the l'remifcs herein delcribed.

Gtneril String*

50- GEO. III.

Ninety nine Years absolute, the Ground might be covered with

rcfpedable Houses, and the clear Income to be derived therefrom

4 be increased to Five thousand Pounds yearly: forafmucK

4 as His said Royal Highness, by granting Building LWfeffor such. 4 an extended Term of Years, would be deprived of the Benefit of such. 4 Fine or Fines as may rightfully belong to His said Royal Highness, and could be readily obtained by making Reverftonary Grants of the said Premises for filling up the present Terms therein to 4 Thirty one Years : Be it therefore enacted by the King'd most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from ami after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His said Royal HighneU, and His said Royal Highness is hereby authorised and empowered to make Leases and Grants, or to contract and agree for Himself, His Heirs and SucccfTors, to make Leases and Grants, of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenances, called Prince's Meadows* to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years as, with the Term, or Terms in being, under any existing Lease or Leases, shall not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety nine Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, or from the Date of any Contracts or Agreements to be made as aforesaid, at and under such improved Yearly Rent or Rents, (in addition to the Yearly Rent or Rents now reserved as aforesaid, ) to commence and become payable to His said Royal Highness, Hia Heirs and Successors, from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, Contracts or Agreements respectively, as shall not, in the whole Amount of such Rent or Routs, he less than the clear Sum of Five thousand Pounds yearly 5 and that in all Cases of such extended Leases o* Grants, Contracts or Agreements so to be made as afoot* said, of all or may Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenances called Prince's Meadows, it shall and may be lawful foJH is said Royal Highness, and His said Royal Highness is hereby authorized and empowered to take and receive such Sum or Sums of Money, in the Way of Fine or Fines, as may be a fair an<L reasonable Consideration for such Portion of the said extended Term or Terms of Years so to be granted or contracted for as aforesaid, as with the Term or Terms then in being would, in the ordinary Course of ranting Renewals within the said Huchy have made up the Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, Contracts or Agreements.

II. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (other than His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other than His said Royal Higbneis the Prince and His Heirs, and all and every Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever), all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Interests, Tenures, Term's, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in, to or out oi the fai^ Premises called Prince's Meadows, with the Appurtenances, or any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had, before the making of this Act, to all Intents and rurposes, and in as large

and

AJXigJo*

1

509 CEO, III. C. 6, 7.

and vnple Manlier and Form at if this Afthad nem been mad*; this Act or toy Thing herein contain'd to the contrary notrtith-ftaoding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for ptmifiung Mutiny and -Dcfortion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Qoavrer*.

[aiTt March 18 to.j

Namber of Form 98, 780. ft.

XXXI. And for the more eftectual No4 ideation thereof to the Cnpfanf Ani-fcrcn»l Judges and Persons hereinafter mentioned, be it further en- tic ok' VV*r to acted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of all such Articlea h« iwnfuriued u> of War, printed by the King's Printer, shall, from time to time, m Judoes>* soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majtfiy V Secretary at War for the time being, tigned with his own. Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majesty's superior Courts at Wtftm'tnjUr^ Dub*

Bn and Edinburgh, respectively, and also to the Governors of His Ma* jesty's Colonies, Plantations and Territories abroad.

LXXIV. Provided nevartbeless, and it ii hereby enacted and de- Proviso for P«r-clared by the Authority afoiefoid, That from and after the said Uftly cn-Tweniy fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Uft>nS' when and at often as any Person or Periods mall be entitled as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such entitling respectvely, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-conunifiioned. Officer or Private Soldier belonging to tht Recruiting Party by which be shall be entitled* or with tht Perfoti employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have entitled, before {ome Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief .Magillrate of any City or Town Corporate, redding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or Distri£l where such Person or Persons shall hate been entitled, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magillrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diffcnt to such euliilitig; and upon such Declaration, and'returning the Entitling Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subfiltence or Diet and Small Beer furuiffied to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been entitled, such Person or Perthes so entitling shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Pretence of such Jutlice or Chief Magilirate; but if such Person or Persons shall tcfofe or neglect, within the Space of Tweoty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be entitled, as if he or they had given Ilia or their Afoot thereto before the (laid Justice or Chief Ma-giiirate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntftriljfcentifted himfeif or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magillrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read ever, or, in his own Presence, to cause to be read over, to such Pejrson or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section,

B 4 and

A.D. 181©_

Bcrtruits cnliflcd under 39 Ci. 3. r. 109. for Euft India Company's Service, See. shall take Oath of Allegiance.

"Name and Re-fi<U»ncc of Recruits.

In what Case Justices may dif-eltar^e Persons halliiy cnlifiing.

C. 7., 50° GEO. III.

and the First Article of the Sixth. Seaton of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to.tender and .administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and if such Person or Persona shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, a: d in the Form marked (, D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits' enlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pnrfunnce of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, andlrf the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B<) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mailed (r.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate. it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, - from whom he has received such Money as afore-ftiid, to- detain and confine such Person or Persons until lie or they shall take the said Oath*of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that (hnll act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflid!ed upon any Officer for making a falfeand untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered* in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that ever)' Non-commissioned Officer'or Private- Soldier who shall enlist any Recruit, shall, at the Time of such enlisting enquire the Christiau and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the same down in Writing, or give the same to the Non-cornnii(lion*d Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to difdharge any Person who shall have hastily enlilied, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dittent within Inch Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of' Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring hisDifieut under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Nou-conttnilfioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party hat left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could uot procure any Non-commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Pec*co; and the Sum paid

4 i»y

Go^le

AJLiSid. s°* GEO. Ill; C. 7.

by such Recruit upoirhis Discharge shall be kept by the Justice. of the Peace, and paid, when demanded, to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice* who shall be claimed by his Matter, shall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party with which he shall be but under a Warrant granted by tome Justice of* the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Divition, City, Liberty or Place, and redding near to the Place where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company, or the Recruiting Party with which such Apprentice shall then be, or some Non-commissioned Officer of such Recruiting Party, of such Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, and of such Person being an Appren* tice, and having enlitted and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Production and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid if required so to do by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Matter, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law, or if not so required to deliver Inch Apprentice to his Mailer.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, so redding near to the Place where the Apprentice shall be claimed as aforesaid, except in Scot* land, as hereinafter mentioned, before whom such Person so offendr ing shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters al-Jedged agamtt such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to admmilter; and also to keep in his Cuttody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Oo cafion shall require, and to bind over the Matter claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence al the'General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial, of such Person is hereinafter directed to be had again! such Person so offending; and the Pr*du$ion of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace or Magistrate that the same was proved before him, shall be fuf&cirnt Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeship^ .

XCII. And whereas several Soldiers, heing duly litted, doafter-

wards desect, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absent-

ing themfehrcR illegally from His Majesty'a Service, ' it is hereby flirt her madid. That, it shall -and may be lawful for the Con liable, Head borough or Tithingman, of the Town pr Place where any Person, who may be mfonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for aoy Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in «r* near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person 5 and if by his Con-session, or the Teltimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon

Oath,

f

9

AppTeiiticr. claimed by Matters <ha!( be carried before Justice and cpm-milled.

Justices to examine upon Oath and to keep the Indenture to he produced on the Trial.

Justicet may commit Desert-ers-

lo

AD.iBto*

Fee.

Juftires ofTeace, granting an sex-tcnsion of Furlough, to orHer ParUhOfficers to advance Pay to tidier*.

Re-imburfcment.

C 7. 50° GEO. III.

Oath, or hr the Knowledge of such Ja&ice of the Peace, it AmU appear or be found that Tuck fufpedrd Person it a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith ctufo him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Cornedion, or other Public Prison in such Town or Place where such Desertcr dull be apprehended; or to the Savoy f in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminstert or Places adjaccut; or to the PrOYoft Marshal, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dubltn> or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the time being in London, or if the De* ferter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Score* ury at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded agaitift according to Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Cor-red ion, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be coo* fined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such De* ferter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that Behalf, and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other Public Prison of the City, Town or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Desert* er who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warraut or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, oq which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of IreUuid % and shall be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter;

' any Law, usage or Custom to the contra not with (landing.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as afore* said, and upon the Requcfl of any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be gi anted, it shall be lawful to the Jqftice of the Peace granting the same, to make an Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money dtreded in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; and the lame shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sum so advanced by such Pxrish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the CoUe&or of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township or Place 'shall be fituatedj or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid

A.D.iftlo*

ii

so9 geo. in* c. 8.

fluid to (bck Parffb Officer* lobe applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collecter of Excise or other Pcrfovt out of any publick Monica in his Hands, and the (mine shall be allowed in hit Accounts, and such Orders of Juftkesshall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise itctifcd by him and all Smut of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excite shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the (Same shall hare been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorised by the Commiutoners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, to draw lor and receive the fattfe; Provided always, that if the Juitico of JEVace shall not think tit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall Rate his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXXX. And be it further eaacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and contiuue in force, within Gnat Bri-/ota, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand right hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the Thirty (lift Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and dull be and continue in force in strfey % Gurra/ey, Alderney, Sark and Man % and the lfixtida thereto belonging, at to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand right hundred and ten until the Fir (I Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven f and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar and in His Majesty't other Dominions, or elftwhere, beyond the* Scat, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That thit Act, so Bur as relates to the Allowance! to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horset, or for the Provision of Carriages, Hories, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in thit Session of Parliament.

{This Ad, except the Clauset above inserted, is fimtlar to 49 G. 3. r. 12. j

CAP. VIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington and the Two next Persont to whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, in consideration'of his eminent Services. £aift March 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, has been pleated 4 to declare, That Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Confederation the eminent Services rendered by Lieutenant General 4 Arthur Lord Viscount Wellington, Knight of the most Honourable

4 Order

Agents of Regiments to repay Mouey so advanced.

Continuance.

Act, in part, may he altered thisSefliotu

I*

C.8.

A.D. 1810.

An Annuity of 2, 000!. jh r Ana. sett'rd oil Vif-onnt Welling-

U*n, &c.

C\.mn*cnctment.

TVabl# quartcr-

50° GUO. III.

< Order of the Bath, In the brilliant and decisive ViCtory obtained«by the Troops under his Command, against a superior French Force,

at Talavera, on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, Your Majesty was desirous Jo confer form*

signal Mark of Your Royal favour upon Lieutenant Genetal Lord 4 Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs on whom 4 the Titles of Viscount Wellington of Talavera, and of Wellington 4 in the County of Somerset, and of Baron Douro of Wellejley in the said County, shall defeend, in order to enable them to support 4 the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him, and for this Purpose 4 to give and grant to him and to the Two next succeeding Heirs 4 Male, to whom the Titles ot Viscount Wellington of Talavcrer 4 and of Wellington in the County of Somerset, and of Baron Douro of 4 Wellejley in the said County shall defeend, for and during their Lives,

a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum \ but Your Majesty not having it in Your Power to grant an Amuiity to that 4 Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the 4 Term of Your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to Your

faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the same, and of extending, feeuringand settling,

fuen Annuity to the* said Viscount Wellington, and to the Two next

Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Wellington of Talavera* 4 and of Wellington in the County of Somerset, and of Baron Douro 4 of Wellejley in the said County, shall defeend, in such Manner 4 as (houM he thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Vif*

count Wellington and his Family : We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subj.Cts, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'3 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be iffoing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain^ (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or ACb of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall of* may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, ii* Manner and Form following; that is to say, To the said Viscount Wellington, for and during the natural Life of the said Viscount Wellington, and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next futceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the Twenty eighth Day* of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; the First Payment to be computed from the said Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, until the Fifth Day vf January One thoiv-fand eight hundred and ten, and from thenceforth shall be paid and pa) able at the Four usual Days oF Payment in the Year* that is to

fa r,

4 9

jLD'iSxo.

C.8.

*3

50° GEO. III.

finri the Fifth Day of April % the Fifth Day of July> the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day-of January, io each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of theTreafary for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to dircft the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now aftd for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time.for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sura of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after fjgning of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effoctual in Law, according to the^ Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Dcmife of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of His Heirs or Succefiurs, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of th: Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Miniilers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they arc hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be ncccssary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said Viscount Wellington* and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wei-hrrjtnn* on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly' Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf: and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Im-pofitious and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His MajestyV Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part

thereof.

Annuity to ha paid at the Exchequer, witlwut Fee*.

Warrant for Payment, not determinable upon Demise of His Majesty, 8cc.

Treasury to da necessary Act*,

The Receipt of Viscount Yelling ton, &c.*a sufficient Discharge.

Annuity Tax free.

How the Annuity recovered.

A.D. 1810.

C. 8, 9.

501 GEO. III.

How far Annuity may be aliened nr in-cumbered.

47 G.9.Sc£i*

c.

48 G. 3. C 12.

thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act neceflkry to enable the bid Viscount, Wellington! and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Vif* count Wellington, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the Add Viscount Wellington on whom the said Title shall defeend, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administra-tors, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two Thousand Pounds, shall be, and the same is by this Act veiled in the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, to whom the bid Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington shall defeend; and the same, or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or in-cumbered, by the said Viscount Weltmgton, or by either of the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the bid Viscount Wellingtont on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the same, so as to prevent the same from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, to whom the said Title of Viscount Wellington shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

[24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of His prefect Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to allow for Two Tears, from and after the pajjtng of this AS, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crafted or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much. of an Act of the Forty

\JScitenth

*5

gc° GEO. ill. C. 9, 10.

fiventh Tear of HU present Majesty, or allow* certain Bounties on 4 firitifli Floatation Raw Sugar exported; (btnuch of the said first 4 ircked Act no related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars was

further continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nines And whereas 4 the said Bounties were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of Marti One thousand eight hundred and te^ by an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to eontinue so much

4 of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Maifly, as all

4 lows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so 4 much of the same A8 as allows 'a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported,

4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 ten $ and it is expedient that the said Bounties fhoukl be further 4 continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ^Chnfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ' and Commons, in this present Parliament affem'- o.a.Sass. 1. bled, and by the Authority of the lame. That so much of the said c. 2j. $s. as1-first recited Act as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered tered by 43 G. 3. and continued by the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year c' ct>nVnu" of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be, and the same is hereby March* mi further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand*eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. X.

An Act for making perpetual certain of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, for preventing the clamlestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs.

[24th March 18x0.3

HEREAS certain of the Provisions of the la herein-

after mentioned have by Experience been found useful 4 and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual i9 Be it therefore eosded by the Kiag[s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Clauses in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine running of unciflomed Goods, and for the more cffeBual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customiy relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Boat; and also relate ing to Goods not reported and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against relauding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom; and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package iu which Coffee shall be, exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessel* not containing Twenty Gallons at the lead, ; and also relating to

Certificate!

i.c.11.

*0.

I 4.

I 6. 17.

I . -110. I*.

5.

C. 10, 11, 12.

AJX1&10.

50°'GEO. III.

Certificate Goods entered ia order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent A613 were further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thonland eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the tlfrn next Session of Parliament, shall be and the Dttdc perpetual* fartae arc hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XI,

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries. [24th March 18to.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe*«VV rience been found useful and beneficial, and if is expedient«that the same should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His >6Ca. e.4i. present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which wa9 to be in force for Five Years, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix: and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth s>9 G. a c. 53. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis*s Streights; which, by an Act made in the Tlgiply second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and which were by several subsequent Acts further continued; and by Two Acts ua G.a.c.39.^]. passed in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of continued till His present Majesty were amended and further continued; and by

asth March, Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign

of Hits present Majesty were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight huudred and ten; shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.* Duty-free, [24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued 5* Be it therefore enacted

*7

50° GEO. III. C. 12, 13.

by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mafsy Tards and Bowsprits, or of Timber ft for Naval Purposesy from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free; which said Act was, by an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou, find eight hundred and ten; shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Provedence, the Port of Ityum* and the Port of ^Crooked Island in the Bahama islands y in American Ships coming in Ballad; and amend and continue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finiferre, and Com to be imported from such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. [24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient*that the Came should be further continued and One of them amend- % ed/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting, until the Firs Day of Augult One thousand eight hundred and fevcriy the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the ljland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballaf / which hid Act was, by an Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

11. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permitt until the Twenty ffth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of 50 Geo. III. C Cape

46G.8.C.117* continued till 25 th March, ISIS.

48 G. 3.C. 10.

44 G.a.c.loi*

47 G. a. ScC i, c. 80.

48G.3.C. 89. continued till 35th Match* 1818.

A.D.f8io.

Procefc for Exportation of Coco^ Produce of British Colonies in America.

Admiralty may make Articles for Punishment of Mutiny, &c.

and oonftitute Courts Martial.

Articles of War transmitted to Judges.

Proviso for Perform haiiily en-liiiing.

C. 13, 14. GEO. III.

Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from the Coajl of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, {hail be, and the same is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to export Cocoa, the Growth or Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from such Colonies or Plantations direct, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in the like Ships and Vessels, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to Sugar and Coffee.

CAP. XIV.

An Act. for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. [24th March 1810.]

IV. AND be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lor<|£ligh Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Mifbe-haviour and Neglect of Duty, in any of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflidl Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment, for the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all such Articles of War shall from time to time, as soon after the same shall have been established, as the same can be done, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin, and into Scotland respectively.

LX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be eu-lifted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours after such Enlisting lespectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Nou-commissioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistratoof any City or Town Corporate, reiidiyg or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before such Justice or Chief Magi (Irate he pr they shall be at Liberty to declare his or.their Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person so dissent mg paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall'be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence

A.D. 181d.

*9

50* GEO, III. C. 14.

Jroce of such Justice of Chief Magistrate; but if such Petfon or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty f£ur Hours, to return and pay such Mone£ as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Affect thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily ealiiled himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate ffialh and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively, (if known), and that the Second and Third Sections of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they hid taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Sett ion of the said Articles of War, and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to thukA& annexed, marked (A.); and if any such Person or Persons, so tobe certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to tike the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before requited; and every Officer of Royal Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, upion Oath made by Two Witnesse*, before a General Court Martial to be thereupon calied, (lull, for such Offence, be forthwith caftiiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment ^within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that e\ery Non^commissioned Officer or Private Marine who (hallenlift any Recruit, shall, at the Time of such entitling, inquiie the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the same down in Writing, or give the same to the Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that k shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare ha Distent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sam of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dif- sent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit* could not procure any Non-commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall De kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid, wheu demanded, to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party, entitled thereto, demanding the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the enlisting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be such), and (hallabfcond or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 or if any Person having received any such enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall

C 2 not

Proviso.

Persons receiving KnliltiugMoory.

C. 14.

A.D. 1810.

Pfrfons employ* eil in Connmil-fariat Deuart-ment embezzling Scores may be tried by Court Martial, fcc.

Penalty.

Cnprisonment.

Contiauauee.

50° GEO. III.

not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting hitn, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this A A within 'such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Pe» son shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Marine in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; nor shall any such Person whm shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by a ty Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid; unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the true Name and ReCdence of the Person enlisted was dif-closed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Person enlisted, or left at his usual Place of Abode of his having so enlisted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper or Commillary, or Deputy, or Affiftaut Commissary, or other Person employed in the Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapplyft or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition or other Military or Royal Marine Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the same by and before a General Court Martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisoument, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person shall, in addition to any other Punishment, makegood at his own Expence the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court Martial, which shall have Power to leize the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the Said Two hundred Pounds and such Damage; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the Person offending shall be committed to Prison, or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency* and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven 5 and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the First Day of April One thousemd eight hundred and teu, until

A.D. 1810!

ai

50° GEO. III. C. 14, 15.

until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and that this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to he made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their act may be sb Horses, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made tend, lie. in tFiis Seffioo of Parliament.

[This Ad, except the Clauses above inserted) isJimilar to 49 G.J. r.19.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn , to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encourageraeut ofLicensed Di(tiliers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Irelandf

[6th April 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's moil dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have*freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant^mto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be ehafted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called'

Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and^ fetisfied unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef- Duty on Com fors, the Duties following, that is to say: For and upon every Gal- Spirits, in lira Ion of Aqua Fit*y Strong Waters or Spirits, which, at any Time offonatr Dar from and after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred t"* ind ten, shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted or un-malted, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and so in proportion for any greater orlefs Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof; which laid Duty shall be in lieu and full Satibfadion of Duties granted on such Spirits by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland; except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purpose9 in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Pu^poses by the Ada by which such Duties ait or may be granted or impoled, or by any other Act or Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day Duty on Com of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Duty of Four Sp«rUt under Shillings British Currency upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita* Strong 48G.3.C.78 Jl. Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted or on the wnmalted, and also the Duty of Ten Shillings British Currency. 4^0^c 73, £5. upon every Six Gallons of such Aqua Fit*, Stroug Waters or Spirits, repealed, which were granted by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His prrfent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or disiitled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof\

C3*and

A.D. 1810.

C. 15.

50° GEO. III.

Rrgultt'tona of 40 G. 0. c. 7»

§ 8, 9. &c. msto Allowance fur Malt Dutvrepealed.

Drawback on Corn Spirits exported.

Duties on Spirits to be a Charge on Distiller.

46 C. p. c. 88. nd* Conner Acis applied to this.

46 G. 3. C. 88. $77. repealed.

and also the Duty on all such Spirits in proportion to the Strength of the same under and by virtue or an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant tp His Majesty Duties on Spirits made or dislilledin Ireland and ufoy British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland not less than. Two Galions, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable 5 and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions and Regulations in the said first recited Act contained, relating to the said Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of such Spirits, and relating to any Allowance to any Distiller charged with the said Duty against the Amount of the said Duty, and in Discharge of the same for or in respect of the Malt used and consumed in the making and distilling of such Spirits, shall be and the same arc here by repealed, except only £0 far as relates to any Spirits which fh^ll or may have been charged or chargeable with the said Duty at any 't'ime before the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Spirits diHilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain, Spirits diddled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, on which the Duties imposed Uy this Act shall have been paid, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less shan that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four pence British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence for Gallon on Spirits made from Corn malted or ibnoalted, shall be charged on every Distiller in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or di (tilled by such Distiller, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, afeertaiaed and charged in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Directions and Provisions, as are contained in an Act made in the Forty fi\th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Colfellion of the Du -ties on Spirits drilled in Ireland, and the wareboufing of such Spirits for Exportation, and in this or any other Act or Acts for amending tfce laid recited Act of the Forty sixth Year, and that all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforefa^d, or in this or any other Act for amending the same, with respect lo any Charges of Duty or any other Charges on any Distiller, and with respect to the warehonbng of any Spirits, shall be ap-pl'ed and put in Practice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such Distiller in respect of the said Duties on Spirits under this Act, and with respect to the warchonfing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Claufrs, Riiles, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisicns, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been expresly repeated and enacted in this Act.

' V. And whereas further Regulations are necessary for the Sup«*predion of clandctline Distillation, and for the Encouragement of 4 licensed Diftftkrs ja Ireland, without any Preference in respe6k

tQ

A.D.x8io.

56* GEO. HI,

CrIJ.

V.

' to the Size of Stills which they may be licensed to nfe Be it therefore enacted, That from tod after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, so much of the said Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collodion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the wareboufing such Spirits for Exportation, as enads that every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still the Body whereof shall contain Fifteen hundred Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Sixteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller* and that every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body whereof shall contain One thousand Galions, and shall not contain Fiffcen hundred Galions, shall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirit* paid by such Distiller, and all and every Clause,

Matter and Thing in the said recited Act, as to the Time or Manner of paying and allowing any such Bounty of Sixteen Pounds or Eight Pounds respectively, shall hie, and the same ia and are hereby repeated, except as to such Spirits as shall have been distilled at any Time before the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and ten; and from and after the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, no such Bounty shall be paid or allowed, except on such Spirits as aforesaid, any Thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act in force in Ireland to the contrary in any. wife not with standing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Commissioncx*

Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons in Ire of fc*dfcm«y

land to keep and use from and after the Fifth Day of March One BeenftWaihaa

thousand eight hundred and ten, aay One or more Still or Stills,

the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage there*

to, shall be capable of containing any Number of Gallon* not left

than Forty four Gallons in any Place or Places whatever in Ireland

where the said Commissioners or any Four of them shall think proper,

whether such Place or Places shall be or shall not be within Five

Miles of any Distillery House or Place wherein any Still of Five

hundred .Gallons or upwards shall at the Time be licensed to be

kept or used; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to

the contrary thereof in any wise not with standing. [See 47 G, 3^

2. r. 17. § 13. 49 G. 3. r. 93. § 23 — 26.]' -

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of 47 S«Ca

sn Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's c.17.

Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty Jtxib Tear c. $9.^UOk of H'u present Maje/iy, for the regulating and securing the Co lie 8 ion repealed. of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of tie Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland 5 and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail, as enads that no Person or Persons Hull be licensed to keep or use a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of less Size than Five hundred Gallons Cootent at one and the same Time, nor to keep or use Two Stills either of which shall be of a less Size than Five hundred Gallons Con-.

C 4 tent

*4

A.D. 1810.

How Distiller having two or more Stills shall be charged.

Still dif<-On 11 ruled, sent to JExcise Office.

On Notice of difcofithiuing, large Stills, Still, Ice. need not be -removed.

C. 15. 50° GEO. III.

tent at the same Time, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and ten, be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

VIIJ. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller in Ireland shall have Two or more Stills licensed at the same Time in his Distillery, every such Distillery shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings with which every such Still or Stills shall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of the same, for and in respect of every such Still so long as the same shall remain in the Distillery of such Distiller, as if every such Still were constantly at work; and that whenever any Distiller having Two or more Stills in his Distillery shall give Notice according to Law of his Intention to disconttftue the working of either or any of such Stills, such Distiller shall, within Twenty four Hours after the Time when, according to such Notice, he ought to discontmue the working of such Still or Stills, cause the Works in which such Still or Stills was or were set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such Still, and shall also displace and remove, clear out of the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to any and every such Still, and shall, within Forty eight Hours then next following, lend or convey any and every such Still and Stills, and the Heads and Worms respectively belonging thereto, to the Excite Office of the District in which such DilliUerr /haH be fituat<^ unleis the Officer in charge of such Distillery shall, pursuant to Order given to him by the Collector of the District, which Order he is hereby required to obey, strap down and fallen the Head of every such Still the working of which is so intended to be discontmued, by locking the lame, ana locking the Door of the Furnace Grate, and (lopping and locking the difenarging Cock or Pipe of such Still; and whenever such Still or Stills shall be sent to the Excise Office in manner aforesaid, the same shall be there kept until any or every such Still or Stills respectively shall be re-delivered to such Distiller for the Purpose of being re-fet and again worked according to Law in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be duly given by such Distiller of his Intention to re-commence the working of such Still or Stills respectively according to Law, or until such Still or Stills respectively shall be disposed of to some licensed Distiller, which it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of such Still or Stills to do t Pvovided always, that in case any Distiller shall give Notice of discontinuing to work a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, it shall not be necessary for him to cause the Works in which such Still was set, to be taken down, nor to displace or remove any such Still, nor to displace or remove the Worm thereof out of the Worm*tub, nor to fend or convey the same to the Excise Office during the Continuance of his Licence, nor shall he be fubjc& to any penalty or Forfeiture for omitting so to do, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Officer of Excise attending his. Distillery shall certify that by strapping down and fattening the Head of every such Still he has etPcdlually secured it from being nfed or worked, no»* shall he be charged with or charge able for any Quantity of Spirits in respect of any Still during the Time it shall be so strapped down, difplaccd or removed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And

A.D. 1810»

50° GEO. III. C. 15. 35

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to any Per- Licence* for (bn or Persons to keep and use any Still or Stills, which shall oe ob- Stl'I# 5^nteJ1 tained after the passing of this Act, shall be signed by Four of the

said Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes 5 and that every such c, 8fl#

Liceoce shall and may be granted to continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next after the Date of such Licence, in case the Person requiring such Licence shall delire the lame; and in such Case the Period of the Continuance of such Licence shall be specified and expressed in such Licence accordingly, in the following Terms: This Licence to remain in full Force tin-

til the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand

" eight hundred and , " instead of the Words " next

ensuing the Date hereof, " as now required by Law; and every fuel^

Licence shall in all other Respects be granted in like Manner, and tinder such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or by any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act, with itfped to Stills allowed to be licensed, except only so far as the said Acts, or any of them, are altered or repealed by this present Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and In what Case may be lawful for the (bid Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, Cora'm'Jionm with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office m-jv ref use or reef the Lord High Treasurer, to refttfe to grant any such Licence; e cclues* and that k shall be lawful for such Commissioners to withdraw any 46 g. .i.c. s*. such Licence in like Manner and for the like Causes as the said Com-nriffiouer* ate empowered to refuse or withdraw any Licence from any § 10*

Still under the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid; and also tbn it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to withdraw any such Licence in case the Still or Stills for which such Lt-ctoce shall be granted shall not be worked or used for the Space of Six Months or more in the Course of any One Year, beginning on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and ending on the Twenty ninth D»y ot September following.

XL And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the several Nura- How Duties calker of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, set forth in the said re- cul*t*i. cited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His pTefent Majesty's Reign, and in the Schedule thereto annexed, in respect to Stills under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for the Quantity of Spirits pro-doceable where from respectively, any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any such Still, every such Distiller shall, froA and alter the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundrea and tea, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days which any Still whatever of such Distiller, under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Forty four Gallons Content, shall continue, or shall be presumed to continue, working under the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of tim Ad, or any other Act for amending the lame, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spiritsas might be produced (according to the Rates specified in the hud recited Act of the Forty fi<th Year, and this Act, or any other Act for amending the said Act of the Forty sixth Year) from Two hundred Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for every such Still, Charge on all whatever the Content of any such Still may be, between One hun- Spirits actually died and fifty Gallons and Forty four Galions; and that every ddblied.

Distiller

2 fir

O. ij.

5tr GEO. IHj

In whatCafeDif-tillers liable to 3-4ths only of Monthly Charges, &c.

Distiller shall, over And above the Quantity of* Spirits produgcabje as aforesaid, also be charged with and pay Duty in rrfpeA of each and every such Still, whatever may be the Content thereof, for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates specified as aforesaid) from all Pot Ale, Walb, Low Wines or Singlings, which such DHliller shall actually diftii in every such Still within every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such Quantity so produceable as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Content, shall insert in the Notice which he b bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommence* to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner Six Day before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, that he proposes to work any Still or Stills in his PoflVfTion during the next succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days with Turf only, not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall, for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid) from Three fourths only of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable; and also the Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates from all Pot Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually diftii within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still io the Possession of any Distiller, shall at any Time during any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Distiller shall have given Notice of working a Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still or Stills in the Possession of such Distiller, not strapped down, taken down, or displaced in manner herein provided, shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Whole of the said ]0priod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Distiller in whose Distillery such Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel, (halL be so used, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

ing on calculated of this Act, the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Wash, Produce d Spi- Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, produced in any Distillery from iv o°mS-011'* Corn malted or unmalted, shall, in all Cases, charge the Distiller,

a , or rom Up0H any Decrease of Wash or Pot Ale, for a Quantity of Spirits,

calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ted Gallons of such Wash or Pot Ale so decreased, and upon any De-crease of any Low Wines or Singlings produced from any' such Wash or Pot Ale, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings so decreased* and fa

Sdll worked with Coal liable Id full Charges.

Penally.

Mode of cbsTjr-

£insiings.

in

A.D.iSio-

S'b° GEO. lit C. 15.

in proportion fot atiy greater or less Quantity of Walh, Pot Ale,

Low Wines or Singlings respedirely; and such Officer shall make a

Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon

accoidingly, and such Distiller dull pay the Duty £0 charged and

returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions as are oon-

taieed in the said Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's

Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and /tearing 46G. 3. t. 88,

lb: Colic die n of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the

toareboufing of such Spirits for Exportation as amended by this

Ad, or by any other Act or Acts in force, immediately after the

passing of this Act.

' XV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth 46 G. s. e. st.

' Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is, among other Things, § W.

enacted, that it shall be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland to ware- house hii Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of Duty, in'any of His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the Ports in the 1 said Act mentioned and specitied, or at any other Port in Ireland

in which, or in the District in which such Port shall be fvtuated, >

any Still of not lets than Five hundred Gallons Content shall be

been fed : Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller in Ireland to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation without Payment of Duty, Spirit* msy hef ia any of His Majesty's Warehouses at any Port in Ireland what-

ever, in which, or in the Diitrid wherein such Port shall be fituafcv Hcensed*6 any Still of any Content whatever shall be licensed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, subject neterfhelefs to the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said recited Act and in this Act, or any other Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever Application shall Sulb more that be made to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for a Li-° ceoce to use or keep any Still or Stills in any Place being more than "rife Oi-Ten Miles distant from the Seat of the Collection of Excise of the District in which such Place shall be situate, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, before granting such Licence, to require and tJte from the Person or Persons applying for the same, ki lieu of ihe Security now required by Law, a Bond, with Two sufficient Security for Pay Sureties, in a Penalty not exceeding the Amount of One Month's mentoiDiuy. Charge of Duty iu respect of the Still or Stills to be licensed, conditioned for the Monthly Payment of all such Duties as shall be chargeable by Law on such Distiller, for the Duties on Spirits or Strong Waters distilled by such Distiller, or with which such Distiller shall be charged under or by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts in force relating to such Duties, and that whenever any such Bond shall be so given, it shall be lawful fortbe said Commissioners, from time to time, to direct that the Duties payable by such Dii-tiller shall and may be received and required from and paid by such Distiller during the Period which shall be mentioned in such Direction, Monthly, that is to say, within Six Days after the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which such Distiller shall be chargeable with such Duties, and that no Information shall be filed or proi'ecuted against any such Distiller InformtUoa, for any Penalty to which such Distiller may have become liable by Law for not having made any Weekiy Entry of the Quantity of

Spirits

28 C. 15. 50 GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

Spirits for which such Distiller is chargeable with Duty* or for oot Pronto. having paid such Duties Weekly during such Period: Provided al-

ways, that nothing herein contained shall exempt such Distiller from such Penalty if incurred, unless such Order shall be especialiy made by the said Commissioners, from time to time, under the Provisions of this Act, nor unless such Distiller shall have paid all Duties for which such Distiller shall be charged or chargeable for the Month in which any such Penalty may hase been incurred. [See further 44 G.3. c. 88. $ 7. 66, 67.]

Allows ace on XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall have-

Spirits, charged paid for any Spirits made or diililled by or charged upon such Difti!-aher sth Muck Jer between the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten and the Day of the passing of this Act, a higher Duty than after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Galion, Rrit'jb Currency, it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and they are hereby required to repay, upon Demand, unto every such Distiller the Excels of such higher Duty beyond the said Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon.

In what CVc un- XVIII. And be it further enacted, That until the Commencement til Summer Af- of the Summer Assizes which will be in the Year One thousand eight fiz«, iRia, hundred and twelve, it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at Assizes for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, owu9or at any presenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin* to fine any Pari fh. Town-land, Manor or Lord ship, in any Sum of Money or Penalty, on any Information which shall be given to any Justice of the Peace at any Time after the passing of this Act, for any Offence against any Act in Force in Ireland for the regulating and collecting the Duties on Spirits by the having, keeping or using any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law, any Thing in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present 7 G. 3. Scff. a. Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to amend an Act made in the Forty c*7* sixth Tear of Hie present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the

Collision of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or m any other Act or Afts-in Force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding. CoofoUdsted XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Fund. several Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges for collecting

and paying the same being dedusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Duties, Draw- XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and bucks and Pe- Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed, and made payable, nalties, how le» and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Di* reftions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed, for raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in uSc 15 Car. c. Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty c* Xing Charlts the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling the Excise

46 .3. c. 106. or Impofl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in

the

A.D. 1810.

500 GEO. Iir. C. 15, 16.

the Forty filth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the federal Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commif-/toners of Cu/loms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and eifedually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth-Year of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ad* to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland> and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Com and other Provisions.

[6th April 1810.]

' WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe" 4 W rience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 thit the same should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That to much of an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Sejfton of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provifons whatsoever; and to permit for fuel) limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fi/b, and all Provisions whatsoever % without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have s3edfor the Service of the Publicy in advtfing and carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, as enables the Loifi Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland, of Cora and Fish and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; which by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, was continued, and is in force itil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, exerpt so far as respects the Exportation of Com, Grain or Flour, to Great Britain.

14 & 15 Car. t.

C. 8.

Ad may be altered.

«l G.3. (U. KJ C.36. & 1-4.

conimtted till 2jth March, isil, Sir.

C. 17*18*

A.D. 1810.

3°

50 GEO. III.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight Hundred and eleven, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from .. Ireland. [6th April 1810.]

47 G.3.9HF. 1.

c. 19.

continued till March25, 1811, except allowing Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, &c.

Act may be altered, Ac.

TT THE RE AS the Act hereinafter mentioned has by Experience

been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

fame should be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exporter* tion of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except only so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland and which, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the last Session, is directed to be warehoused under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Act hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain j and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended. [6th April 1810.]

43 G. 3.1.11.9'YT^r HEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of H139V\ present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontinuing certain9Drawbacks and Bounties on fbe Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu

4 thereof uniil the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight bun-45 G. 3*. <?. 93.*dred and four; And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend Two AQs passed in the Forty third and Forty ffth Tears of His present Majesty for9regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar 7 4 from

'by

A.D. 1810.

G. it

So9 GEO. I ft

4 from Great Britain: And whereas Three other Act» passed in

the Forty filth. Forty seventh, and Forty eighth Years of His

present Majesty, for further continuing the said Act of the Fortythird Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another Act paff-

edin the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An 49 O. 9. e. it/ 4 AS for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

4 thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on 4 the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britajf^; and for suspending 4 the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Dutiu 4 inposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall 4 besuspended; And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeal-9 G. 3. c. 9S.

ing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas it i& expedient that 4 the Drawbacks allowed by the said last recited Act passed in the 4 Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the said

recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present

4 Majesty, should be further continued $' Be it therefore enacted by*the King's moR Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the fereral Drawbacks in the Schedule to the £aid last recited Act of Drawbacks in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schc- 49, Gn3'c: ui' dub to the (kid recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of m

His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in i5 g.3. c. 9.1. like manner in every Refpest, and subject to and under and according paid as hereto-to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, fore, &c. (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if on the Fifth Day of May* In what Case or on the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Drawbacks alts*, or on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred l°*cdi<kc*

d eleven, lespectively, or any or either of the said Days, it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette in Manner directed by an Act nade in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I (lands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said recited Act for the preceding Quarter of the Year, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Coftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Bri-tofo, then, and in every Inch Case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Acts, passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall be given in the London Gazette, and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every Refpest, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed

before

*45 G. 3. e. 33.

49 G. 3. c. 99. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) «. 99. Tab. A.

46 G. 3. t.43.

$ 1*

In what Case Tr*\tfury mar suspend countervailing Duties* Ac.

C. iS. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

before the pafilng of the said first recited Act, (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid), and the Whole of the Duty granted by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present, Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raijins and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from Great Britaiu, upon Sugar imported into Great Britaim+y the United Company of Merchants of Eng* land trading to the East Indies and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall upon the Delivery thereof out of Warehouse for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act in respect of British Plantation Sugar, be wholly drawn back under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions. Penalties and Forfeitures, as any former Drawbacks are paid and allowed; any Thing in an Act pa£Ted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His pretent Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting 4 to His Majesty, during the present IVar and for Six Months after the 4 Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peaee %

additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, mbported into and exported from. or brought or carried Coastvuife within Great Britain, the LoYd High Treasurer or the Lords Com-

missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of 4 them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the Additional 4 Duties of Customs on Sugar granted by the said recited Act,

4 esther in the Whole or in part, whenever the Average Price of Su-

4 gar ascertained as directed by Law shall be below the Prices men-*4 tioned in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that during the 4 Period of such Suspension the Countervailing Duties on Refined 4 Sugar imposed from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent 4 Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of refiued Sugar 4 of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional 4 Bounty ou the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain 4 other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed' by the said last recited

Act, should in like Manner be suspended Be it therefore furtljer enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise the Power veiled in them, and shall, according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in like Manner, and for the like Period, to suspend cither the whole of the additional countervailing Duties of Customs on refined Sugar of the Manufsfturc of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Pari thereof respectively as shall beara just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

VI. And

A.D. 1810.

33

50° GEO. III.

C. 18, 19, 20.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the* Power*, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Ciauses, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day oi March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven for the Port of J^mdomy and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven for other Parts of Great Britain; and that this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to he passed in this present SefGon of Parliament

Continuance of 4a G.j.c. it.

- %

CAP. XIX.

An Act: for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for pro- -hioiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britcwt of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Armies of Provision, without Payment of Duty. [6th April 1810.]

\\T HERE AS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by ExpeW ricnce been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the same should be further continued f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Ex* 3 c B7

partition and permit the Importation of Corn9 and for allowing the continued till* Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty9 March 25, 1811, to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next txcept so far a* S$on of .Parliament; which was continued by an Act of the Thirty resp*^* Fx-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, and amended and ConT&c^ further continued by several subsequent Acts, until the Twenty Iceland, fifth Day of March One'thousand eight hundred and ten, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, be and the same is hereby further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except so far as respects the Exportation of Corn, Grain or Flour to Ireland,

CAP. XX.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Power of appointing Supcrintendants of Quarantine and theirAfliftants.

[6th April

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of HU 4 W present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making further 45 G. a c.

4 Provision for the ejftflual Performance of Quarantine, certain $ U 4 Powers and Authorities are given to the Supenntendants of Quarantine or their Assistants, and Power is given to the Comraiflionera 4 of the Treasury to appoint Officers at Chetney Hill, when the 4 Lazaret there ftiallbe completed; but no express Provision is made

50 Geo. III. D*for

1*

34

C. 20, 21, 22*

A.D.l8lO.

SuperiiHeivUnts at Ports how to be appointed.

45 G. 3. C. 5J

Vessels hav.rj more thau one D^\u

* G.3. i xxuv.

jo° GEO. III.

for the Appointment of such Superintendants and Assistants at

the several Ports; and it is expedient to remote all Doubts as to 4 such Appointments Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembledr and by the Authority of the same* That all Superintendants of Quarantine at the several Ports and their Assistants shall and may be appointed by any Instruments, fig tied by Four of the Commissioners of the Cuttoms for the time being, and (ealed with the Seal .of their Office.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and^rom certain Ports in thzWcJl Indies.'[6th April 1810.']

WHEREAS it is expedient that, for a limited Time, the Trade carried on in Foreign Vessels by virtue of an A^ 4 passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in 4 force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain 4 Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the West 4 Indies, should not be restricted to Vessels having only One Deck Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the parting of this Act, ana until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful to import and export the Articles in the said Act mentioned, at the Ports therein mentioned, under the Rules and Regulations of the said Act, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel, as therein described, although such Sloop, Schooner or Vessel shall have more than One Deck; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to purchase certain Quays within the Port of London.

[6th April 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act patTr*d in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to author9rize. the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of i he Con for 4 lidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of Loivdon, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London. 4 in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commif- 4 /toners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Legal Quays between

London Bridge and the Tower of London*: And whereas an Act

4 parted

A.D. 1810.

35

50° GEO. III.

C m3

passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

mtftaled, An Act to extend the Time for pur chafing the Legal Quays

and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorizing the 4 Lords Commtfjtoners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somer'j

and Lyon'x Quays in the said Port: And whereas another Act 4 p*fled in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to give further Time for purchasing the 4 Lrgal Quays and ll'arehoufrs, in the Port of London: And whereas 4 it is expedient that the Powers, Authorities and Prcvisions, in the said Acts contained, for purchasing Legal Quays, should be revived and further continued and extended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTerabled, j(P by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, AuthoritiesTProvisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein mentioned and contained, relating to the purchasing of Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or other Works, or obtaining Porteflion thereof, shall be, and are by this Act revived, and shall be, applied and extended, and shall operate and be in force, for the Purpose of enabling the said Lord High Treasurer, or the I^rds Commissioners of the Treasury, to make and complete Purchases of any Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or Works, or any Dwelling Houles, Warehouses, Building or other Premises, lituate adjoining thereto, which the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, may deem it necessary or expedient or proper to purchase at any time within Two Years after the parting of this Act, as fully and crteftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Tnings, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

It. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Company, or any other Person or Persons whomloerer, who may hereafter become the Owners, Lessees or Occupiers of any such Legal Quays, shall not be compelled to part with their Eftat£ and Interest therein, unless Twelve Months previous Notice in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, or any other Person or Perfops as aforesaid, by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Comrftfiioners of the Treasury for the time being, .of their Intention so to purchase the said Eft ate apd Interest in such Quays, Warehouses, Bnildfngs, and other Works aforesaid; and for the Purposes aforesaid, all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, pireftionjj Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters^and Things, ijfl the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Has prefer, t Majesty contained, relating to any such Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buddings, or other Works, or the purchasing thereof, or in an A([t pard in the Thirty nioth ar.d Fortieth Year of Hi? present Majesty, therein referred to, authorising and empowering Bodies Poti* tic. Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporation? Aggregate , or bolp. Tenants for Life or in Tail, or other Persons having qualified qr partial F.states br Iaterests, or Husbands, Femes Coverts, Guardian^, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Cli^rities or other.Purposes, Committees, Executors, or Administrators# or any other Terfons

D 2 what-

46 G. 3. C. 118.

47 G. 3. Seif. 2. c. 60.

Treasury may make Purchases of Quays, &c.

Notice to Owners, &c. of Quay', &c. of Purchase.

39 & 40 G. JT. c.jthi*.

36

0.22, 23. 50° GEO. III. A.D.i8to;

whatever under any Incapacities or Inabilities, on Behalf of themselves or others, to treat and to compel any such Corporations or Persons to treat and agree for the Sale of any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or rreniifes, or in any wise relating thereto, or for ascertaining the Value of any such Premises, in case of any Refusal or Inability to treat, or for completing any such Purchases or obtaining Possession of any such Premises, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall, as far as the same are applicable, or can be applied, extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to this Act, lor the Purposes of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-

fury to complete the Purchases of the said Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or Works, aforesaid, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses,

Buildings, or other Premises adjoining thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Fu-poses, as if theJftnc Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re.enacted iu Body of this Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting Anhuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. [6th April 1810.]

In irhntCafo HoM«*n of Fx-chrquer Hills to receive Certi-£«at r % .

jMRtir.t ©if Fx-chequer Bills

eidutigtd

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills, now outdanding, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Persons intereded in'or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills, should be entitled in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, subject to the Provisions of this Act; We, Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wi^h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person intereded in or intitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, bearing Interest at the Rate of Three pence halfpenny per Centum per Diem % who shall, between the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymasters df Exchequer Bills, and every Person intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated as aforesaid bearing Interest at the Rate of Three pence Farthing per Centum per Diem, 'who shall between the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the Fame to the said Office, unless the said Principal Sum of Eight Mil- kens Sterling shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office, in

such

A.D. 181c,

37

GEO. III. C. 23.

such Exchequer Bills, shall be respeAi?dv paid the Interest that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymasters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank, of England, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and three Pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in such lad mentioned Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, having delivered the same between the nrspective Days aforefanfc into the said Office of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers, at the Office of the Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled onto any such Exchequer Bills, all the said Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, between the respective Days aforesaid, have delivered to such Officer or Officers; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the^ame, and to pay the Interest that shall have become due thereupon to the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and to make forth and sign the Certificates herein directed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in the said Bills, and to deliver the same to the Parties entitled thereto, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be dooms and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificate*.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and

Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered a ay Inch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Cer^ tificates as are hereby directed to be 'made forth by the said Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in such BiU or Bills, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater Stim, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned* which shall be in Lieu of such Exchequer Bills; and.the Annuities thereon shall be payable half yearly at the Bank, of England, an'the Fifth Day of July dnd the Fifth Day. of January in even Year; the First Payment to become d?cm the; -fifth Day. of? July Om: D 3 thousand

ExclicquerOffice to cancel fclxcha quer bills.

Certificates to entitle t.» certain Annuities pay able at the Tunas herein mentioned.

Fore'gn ittich-mer.t*

Annuities payable out ofCon-folid&ted Fund.

Certificates affiliable before

August 1, 1810.

Panic on receiving Certificates to give Credit for Capital Stock.

Stock may be transferred.

Exchequer to issue Money to Bank for Pay-nenl of Amoui-

C. 23* 5$* GEO* Ilf*

thousand eight hundred and ten, and that all Pferfoas and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and Affigng respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, lure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Iflterefts in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof, in the manner herein directed; and (hill be pofleflTed thereof as of a Personal Estate* which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the* Custom of London, or otherwise 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament; and shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament, in Manner hereinafter mentioned*

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Certificates as shall be delivered in Manner herein before mentioned, shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, arrd no longer, and no such Certificate or A (ligament thereupon shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faii Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ and their Successbrs, or such Pertnn or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in pur-fuauce of the Dinftions of this Act, and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in respect of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books, to be prepared for that Purpose, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, in the said Annuities of Five Pounds* fkr Centum per Annum, and the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whose Credit such Capital Stock shall be entered in the said Book or B<*ks, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and may have Power to affi^n and transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the time being shall also, on or before the Fifth Day of Ja- nunry One thousand eight hundred and eleven, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

yil. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities eftabhfiied by this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from time to time appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office, in the City of London, to be their Chfrfer first Csflucr or Caflutn, and One other Person or Persons

A.D.iflio.

$q° GEO* HI. C. 23. §9

foauwhbm the famfe Office to be their Accountant General, and that so Doch of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for that Puipose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be fucd for, hod or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cadiiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Pay-neat of the said Annuities, and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be ilfoed, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer*

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said Accountant Accountant Gc General for the time being shall from time to time infpc& and ex- noral to examine amine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and Cafliier's Ac-the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Ne- couuu-gligence or Delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies converted into Money convert-Aunuities after the Rate of' Five Pound3per Centum per jlnnum, by ed into Five per virtue of this Act, or intended so to be, shall be aeemed, reputed Cent. Annuities and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to 10, 1>C added and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same time, and in like manner as the Annuities

carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per «d.

Annum9established by the A6to of the Twenty fourth, Twenty fifth,

Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth. Thirty sixth, Thirty seventh, Forty (

eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfyr certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills, and that all and every Person or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, ia proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Capital or Joint Stock, Mode of trmnf-or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuities at- ferri#g Stock, tending the same, shall.be assignable and transferable as this Act di-

ie&s, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General'for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, at the Rate afore-bid, shall be entered and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for diat-Piirpose, and shall be signed by the Partiea making such Assignments or Transferror' if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies therewith, . % lawfully authorized-by Writing under his, her or their t Hands and Seals, to be attetted by Two or .mart credible Witneiesi and that the* Perfbo or Persons to whom any such Transfer ftull be mada

U4 shall

A.D. 1810.

Prorifo.

Count erfeh log Certificates, &c.

Death.

Bank to continue a Corj>oration for the Purpose of this Act.

Taking Fet.

Penalty.

B«tkto iwei« a Coj*ii(*uofl

C. 23. jo# GEO. Ill*

shall respectively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Persons pof. sessed of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, atteftedbyTwo or more credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interect, be entered in the said Office; and that in default of such Transfer or Devise as afore* said, such Share, Estate or Interest shall go to the Executors, Ad-ininistrators, SucccfTors and Assigns.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Act, or any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word, in any such Certificate, or in any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates or Assignment or Assignments thereof, or lndorfement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or; the Go* vernor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or proeuring to be forged nr counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted iu due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall Suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Adk, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as. aforesaid, and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieyed, tube recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IVrJl-minster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Reftraiut, or more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Com-uffioaert of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now

A.D. 1810.

ro° GEO- ni.

4*

C. 23, 24.

being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commif- for their doners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and Serv ice, tb^r are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to re-waid all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, for the

Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Go* terror and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and aHo for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Tract incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Ufeand Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons dial! a! any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall-and may plead the General I flue, and give the specialMatter in Evi- General IflW. (fence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded Treble Oft*, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

['Sccfojl. c. 36.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing the Militia of Great Britain; and to make further Provision for completing the said Militia.

[18th^pr/71810.]

WHEREAS ky an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G.3. c. 5?.

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for complete §0.

1 mg the Militia of Great Britain, Provision is made for placing the

4 Men which shall be raised by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia, to fill up Vacancies occasioned by Men having enliffed into the 4 Line, in the Order and Succession to be fixed by Ballot in the Form

nreferibed by the said ricited Ad; and Provision is also made 4 for apportioning, before any Ballot shall take place, the Men 4 actually enrolled and so entered as aforesaid, and the Deficiencies to be supplied; but no Provision is made by the said Act for 4 placing the Men which shall be raised by Beat of Drum over and 4 above any Number which may have enliffed into the Line May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual &ud Temporal, and Comvnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That

42

A.D. 181c.

C. 24.

50° GEO. III.

Deputy tieate-nants to apportion the Men ntfed by Beat of Drum knd Men raised by Ballot.

ProvJflona in MutinyA&aa* to enlistin^ to extend to raising Men by Beat of Drum for Militia.

How Families of Persons raised by Beat of Drum shall be relieved.

Protifions of Mutiny A&9 relating to Apprentices to extend to Militia.

That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Places in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby required atny General Meetings which shall beheld, relating to the Regular Militia, or which shall be assembled, and which General Meetings are hereby required to be assembled in case it shall be necessary, to apportion and dillribute any such Excess of Men raised by Beat of Drum over and above the Number of Vacancies occasioned by enlisting into the Line, and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to alter, from time to time, any such Apportionment*, and make new and further Apportionments or Diftiibutions, and place any Men so apportioned or distributed or applied as aforesaid to any other Parishes, in case it shall appear to be necessary for the making a just Distribution of the Men so raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid; and all such Apportionment* and Dillributions shall be made among the several Parishes either by Ballot and entering upon Lifts of the Names of the Parishe3 or otherwise, and in any such Manner as shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Meeting moil effedtuaily to produce an equal and just Distribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Parishes, and Apportionment of Men to be raised by Ballot under the said Act; and the Men entered and placed to any Parishes under any such Distribution or Apportionment shall theuce- forth be deemed to belong to such Parishes, as to Relief of the Families of such Men, or thereafter supplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if such Men had been provided as Substitutes or Volunteers .for such Parislie8 respectively.

4 II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, in relation 4 to the enlisting of Soldiers for His Majesty's Service apply to the 4 enlisting of Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia Be it therefore enacted, That all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enlisting any Men for His Majesty's Army, shall, as far as the same can be made applicable to the Men enlisted for the Regular Militia, be applied and used, and put in full force by all Juftsces of the Peace and others, and all Persons authorized to raise Men by Beat of Drum for the Militia, and preventing Frauds and absconding by Persons enlisted, and for the Protection of Persons havirg hastily enlisted, as fully and effectually as if all such Provisions were repeated and re-enacted as to the raising Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia.

III. And be it further enacted, That Families of all Persons failed by Beat of Drum and enrolled in the Regular Militia, if entitled to Relief, shall be relieved by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifties where they reside at the time of the Man enlisting into the Militia, and such Parifties shall be repaid the Amount of such Relief by the Parish to tfhich such Man shall be placed, in like Manner as iny Sum given for the Relief of Families of Militia Men are repaid to Parishes having advanced the same under any Act relating to the Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny or Desertion; and

the

A.D. 1810.

45

50° GEO. III. C. 24, 25.

ike better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the eoHfting of Apprentices and the claiming Apprentices by their Matters, and the Punishment of any Apprentices, and their Liability to Service after the Expiration of the Indentures, and all other Provision* in any such Act hi relation to Apprentices or their Mailers* fall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend or be conilrued to extend to all Apprentices who shall enlist or enrol themselves as Substitutes or Volunteers in the Regular Militia, and to the Mailers of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the same were fe-terally and separately repeated and re-ena6led in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by cny Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain.'[18 th April 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enailing His nfajejly to ejtablish a permanent Local Militia Force, under 1 certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an ( Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to 4 amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Par-

for enabling His Majesty to ejtablish a permanent Local Mill-

tia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm :

4 And whereas an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty 4 h efiablish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain { Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act

passed in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend 4 and render more eft dual, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

for enabling His Majesty to eflabltjb a permanent Local Militia Force in 4 Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: i And whereas another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

4 intituled, An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present 4 Stjftons of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia: And whereas it 4 is expedient that further Provisions (houldhe made in relation to the 4 Local Militia established by the said recited Acts ; Be it therefore enacted by the -King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which His Majesty, by His Secretary of State or otherwise, shall have ordered and directed, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed to remain on permanent Pay, shall be reduced in any Proportion below the Number allowed by the several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Englandand Scotland respec-vely, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with'the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Lieutenant, in case the Lieutenant shall be absent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State, to agree with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, dr any of them, or with any other

Persons

Act altered/Ae.

48 C.3.C. 111.

49 G. 3. c. 40.

48 G. 3. c. 150.

49 G. 3tC. 48.

49 G. 8. C. S2.

I11 cafr of Reduction of Serjeants, &c. of'Local Militia on permanent Pay, Commandants of Cori* may agre* with Seijcants, &c. to serve on reduced Pay.

44

A.D. 1810

C. 25. 50° GEO. Ill,

Perfens willing to engage to serve as such, to serve a* Serjeants* Corporals and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, in such Manner as to the Number of Daya* Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as shall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that IJe-liaif; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to serve as such upon any such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, or Magistrate of the Place to the Local Militia of which be shall belong; which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, is hereby authorized to administer 3 (that is to say),

4 1 A* B. do engage to serve as a [Serjeant t Corporal or Drummer as 4 A the Case may be] in the Local Militia of

until I shall be duly discharged, upon the Term#

of receiving during such Periods

as such Local Militia shall not be embodied or assembled for Exer-« cife.'

And every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and signed and attested by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Ma. gillrate administering the same, and delivered to the Commanding Of* ficer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Scijeant, Corporal or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall, if required, be given to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer so engaging to serve on such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Services under the Acts relating to the Local Militia, in the same manner as if he had received the full Pay of his Rank therein, and shall be subject to the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful for any Commanding OiHcer of Local Militia who shall engage any Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to retain such Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall be allowed by His Majesty, s Secretary of State in that Behalf, so as that the whole Amount of fpeh reduced Pay shall not exceed she Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Reduction as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas Doubts have arilen whether any Officer or Noncommissioned Officer, or Private, in the Local Militia, can be tried 4 or punished after the disembodying of the Regiment, Battalion or 4 Corps of Local Militia to which he shall belong, or the Period of 4 training and exercising of such Regiment shall have expired, or the 4 same shall have been dismissed after the Supprefuon of any Riot or 4 Tumult, for any Offence committed against any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion or Articles of War made 4 in pursuance thereof, during the Period of such Regiment being 4 embodied or assembled for training and Exercise or the Supprcifion of Riots; and it is expedient that such Doubt should be re*

4 moved ; Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Noncommif-

fioned

A-D.1810.

45

GEO. III. C. as.

fioord Officer and Private Man of the Local Militia, who shall, during Offences may be the Period of the Regiment, Battalion'or Corps to which he shall aCourt

belong, being embodied or assembled for training and Exercise, or .* "

for the Suppneflion of Riots and Tumults, have been guilty of any giment, &c. if Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment committed prior of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereto, of any fucii Act, and shall have been put undfer Arrest for, or shall hare been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion br Corps, to have committed such Offence .before the disembodying or Dismissal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial, confiiiing of Officers of the Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man shall belong, shall not then be embodied or assembled, in like Manner as any Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Regular Militia may be tried during the Period of the Regular Militia being embodied.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing D*yiofMuftw of this Act, the Numbet of Days of Attendance at Muller and Ex-nd Exercise. ercifeof Volunteer Corps to entitle any Person serving in Volunteer Corps to Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia and the Local Militia, fltall be Eighteen Days, or any such Number of Days not exceeding Eighteen, as shall from time to time be fixed by His Majesty by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, infleadof Twenty four Days, any Thing in an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to Volunteer Corps, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary ootwitbHanding; and the said Act and all Acts and Provisions in any Acts of Parliament relating to the Mustering and Exercising and Exemptions of Volunteer Corps, shall be construed, as to all Returns and Certificates of Commanding Officers of such Corps or others, as if the Number of Days specified had been Eighteen, or such Number as shall be so fixed as aforesaid inlfead of Twenty four 5 and such Number of Eighteen Days or such other Number as aforesaid,

shall in like manner be divided into Six Days, or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, in Head of Eight Days as is in the said Act provided, with such Provisions as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as is provided in relation to the Days of Exercise specified in the said Acts; and every Certificate shall specify the Number of Days of Exercise of the Person claiming the Benefit thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for providing proper Depdts IVpAtsforArro % for the Arms, Cloathing and Accoutreraei t« of the Regiments, &c. »n Scotland. Battalion*, and Corps or Companies of Local Militia in Scotland, it Audi be lawful for the Clerks of General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, at the Request of the Officer commanding any such Regiment, Battalion, ot Corps or Company; to draw upon the Collector of the Cess in each County respectively, for any Sum on account of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps or Company, not exceeding the Proportion of Ten Pounds Sterling for every Six hundred Men, in any One year, and which Sum shall be piid to the Commanding Officer requiring the Clerk to draw for the same, and shall be by him applied ih providing such Depot, and shall be regularly ac- Collector* of th« counted for by the J^roduftibn of Receipt* for the Money expended

in 1>eDCe'

A.D.i8rt.

48 G. 3. C. 111.

i 48'

oufprnsion of Fines for Defi-

Constables to make Returns, and afccrraiu Dcficinw'ics to be lupplied.

Penalty.

Receiving Pcun-ty, and not declaring Nan*, &c.

C. aj. 5o3 GEO. III.

in providing the said Depots, which Receipts shall be delivered to the Collector of the Cess, and shall be a Discharge to him in his Accounts, and shall be delivered, by him as Caflito the Receiver General of the Cess or Land Tax in Scotland.

V. And whereas sufficient Provision is not made in the said recited 4 Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, for procuring Returns of 4 Deficiencies forahe Purpose of having the same supplied before the.

Fourteenth Day of February > as in the said Act mentioned; and it

is therefore expedient that the Provision in the said Act contained 4 in relation to the Fines by the said Act imposed for not supplying 4 Deficiencies shall be suspended; ' Be it therefore further enacted, That as much of the said last recited Act as euafts, that a Fine of Fifteen Pounds shall be raised and paid in respect of ever}' Man deficient on the Fourteenth Day of February, (liaU be and the same is hereby suspended: Provided always, that every County, Hundred and Parish, shall be subject to the full Penalties by the said Act imposed and hereby suspended, in respect of every Man of any Regiment assembled for Training and Exercise, not joining during such Training and Exercise, and whose Vacancy shall not be supplied within Three Months after the Day of afferabling of the Local Militia to which such Man shall have belonged, and such Proportion of such Fine shall be returned within the Periods of One and Two Months respectively after the Expiration of such Three Months, as are in the said Act specified in relation to Deficiencies supplied within certain Periods after the Fourteenth Day of February.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Constables and other Officers of all Parishes and Places for which any Local Militia Man shall be serving, shall make diligent Enquiry as to all Meti enrolled in the Local Militia, for the Panffies or Places for which they shall respectively be Con {fables, and shall, before the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivision within which such Parishes or Places shall be, a true Account of all Persons serving for such Parish or Plac* in the Local Militia, specifying such as shall have died or left their Residence, and whether the Persons not then residing in such Parish or Place shall have wholly left such Parish or Place, or shall (till retain any House, Residence or Lodging, in such Parish or Place, and also the Place to which such Persons shall have gone as have changed their Refidencea, if the same can be ascertained; and every Constable who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Return, or shall wilfully make any false Return, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act relating to the Militia; and all Deficiencies which shall by any such Returns be ascertained to have taken place, and shall have been returned to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings of the Division or Place in which the some shall have arifon, before the Fourteenth Day of November is any Year, shall be fapplied before the Fourteenth Day of February next fuoceedang, under such Penalty for any Default therein as is specified in the said recited Act.

VII. Abd be it further eaacted, That every Person who shall have received any Bounty in respect of being enrolled in the Local Militia who shall afterwards ad HI, a ad who shall not declare his true Name and the parish for which he ia serving, so as to enable a

S Pedu&ioq

AJD.iZio.

47

50° GEO. III. C. 25*

Dedn&on and Return and Repayment to be made in respect of fuel* Bounty, and every Serjeant or Non.commissioned Officer who shall knowingly eclift any such Person and not dedud such Bounty, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Bounty so to be deduced, to he flopped out of the Pay of the Man so enlisting, or of such Serjeant or Non-commissioned Officer, in such Manner, and in such Proportion, as the Commanding Officer of the Rjjiment into which such Man shall enlist, and such Serjeant.or Non-commissioned. Officer flail belong respectively, shall direct, so as that the same shall be ftopc, and the whole of such Fine remitted and paid to the Agent General for the Local Militia, or to his Order, for the Use of the Paiifli entitled to the Return of Bounty* .

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Local Militia Man enlisting or entering into the Army, Navy or Marines, or being enrolled as a Volunteer or Substitute in the embodied Militia, shall declare to the Person from whom he shall receive the Bounty upon such Entitling, Entering or Inrolment, the Regiment of Local Militia to which he belonged, and the Period at which he was enrolled therein, and for what Parish, and in what County, he was serving, aadthe AmounLof the Bounty (if any) which he received on being* so enrolled in the Local Militia; and the Sum which shall have been, paid to such Local Militia Man, upon his being enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be deduded from the Bounty to- which such Man shall be entitled upon entitling into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, or into the Regular Militia, (as the case may be, ) and shall be paid, if such Person shall enlist into the Line, to the Paymailer of the Diffirid into which such Man hall enlist, and accounted for to the Parishfor which such Man was serving, and shall be repaid to such Parish wider the Provisions of this Act; and t!\e Name of the Person £0 edisting, and the Regiment and County to which he belonged, and the Parish for which he was serving, and the Amount of the Bounty paid to the Paymaster of the District, shall be returned by the Officer commanding the Party with which such Man shall have en-listed, to the Agent General of the Local Militia, and shall be repaid to the Parish entitled thereto, in such manner, and under such Order, as shall be made by such Agent General in that Behalf.

IX. And whereas .certain Persons have been enrolled for the ' Local Militia by Juilices of the Peace, without any Deputy Lieu*

tenant being present at such Enrolment, and it is expedient that

fads Enrolment should be made valid ; Be it. therefore enacted. That the Enrolment of all such Persons who shall have been .so enrolled before the passing of this Act, and shall have taken the Oaths, shall be deemed good, valid and effectual as if the same had bees made before any Deputy Lieutenant at. any peering of Lieutenancy; and the said Justices are hereby indemnified for and or) account of the same, and released and discharged from all Actions, Suits, Penalties and Forfeitures, .whatever, incurred by reason of having made any such Enrolments.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns shall be of the same yearly Value, if Real Estate, or of the same Amount in Value, if Personal Estate, as the Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns respectively in the Regular Militia, for Cities and Towns being Counties of them-feties; that is to say, For a Captain, an {Iftate of the Yearly

Value

Penalty.

Local Militia Men enlisting into the Army, &c. to declare the Regiment.

Bounty, for which ferring, &c.

Indemnity U* Justices who have enrolled fot Local Militia without Deputy laeute- nSnt being pr*-lent.

Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and En-f» jps In Local

Militia.

A.D.iSio

4*

Officers in Fcn-ciblr Regiment*.

*sG.3. «. ill. Certain Apportionments und Enrolments valid.

Future Apportionments.

Proviso for Friendly Societies.

Apprentices.

Exemption by Nwt-enrolment.

Act altered, &c.

Cs2$* 50° GEOt III.

Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Two thousand five hundred Pounds 5 and for a Lieutenant, an Estate of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds* or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and for an Ensign, an Estate of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Fouphundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer who shall have held any Commrffion in any Fencible Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be eligible and qualified to hold any Commission of the same Rank in the Local Militia, without any other Qualification; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstandir.g.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Apportionments

and Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia which have been

made for Parifties in which the Volunteers actually serving have

not been taken as Part of the Number required by the said rpcited

Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid for such Parifties for the 4 Local Militia; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be 4 removedBe it therefore declared and enacted. That all such Apportionments and Enrolments, and all Acts, Matters and Things done and made in pursuance thereof, shall be deemed good, valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatever 5 provided always, that in every such case all future Apportionments for the supplyingof any Deficiencies or Vacancies which may thereafter arise in any County or Division, or Part of any County or Paristies, in or for which any such Apportionments have been made, or Enrolments have taken place, shall have regard to the Volunteers actually serving in the several Divisions or Parts of the County, or in or for the several Parifties thereof, or Part of the Quota or Proportions of Local Militia of such Divisions, Parts or Parifties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friendly Society, serving or entering to serve in the Local Militia, shall by such Service be subject to any Fine or Penalty imposed by such Society for Non-attendance during the time of such Service; any thingxin any Rule or Bye-Law of such Society notwithstanding.

XIV. , And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Apprentice, being a Member of any Volunteer Corps, to transfer himself into the Local Militia without the Confentof his Master.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been ballotted, and also shall have paid any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be exempt from being balloted to serve in the Regular Militia for the Period of Two Year3 from the Period of his having been ballotted to serve in the Local Militia.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by an^ Act or Acts to be made in this prefect Session of Parliament.

C. 26,

50° GEO. III.

4P

CAP. XXVI.

An AO for granting a Duty on Foreign plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported to Foreign Parts.

[ 18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that plain Linen of all Sort*

W (except Sail Cloth) imported into Great Britain, and'

secured in Warehouses according to Law without Payment of

Duty, should on the Exportation thereof from any such Warehouse

for Foreign Parts be charged with a Duty of Customs according to

the Value thereofBe it therefore enacted by the King's Most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritnal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth) which shall have been or may be so lodged and secured in any Warehouse in the Port of London, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duior in any Warehouse at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of nis said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great 1 Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and for other Purposes (a), and which shall be exported from any such Warehouse for Foreign.Parts, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Linen the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Value, to be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Exporters of such Linen, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Rest rift ions, and subject to the same* Penalties and Forfeitures as arc made and provided for ascertaining, raising and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value' thereof, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties b lieu thereof. (/*) [This Title of 46 G. 3. c. 137. is not

correSly JlatedSj

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs ia England and Scotland respectively for the time being, and shall be appropriated and applied as the Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize charged according to the Value thereof, are* directed to be appropriated and applied by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

[See as to Repayment of Duties on Foreign Linen warehoused in certain Cases, pojt. c. 39.]

Duty on Exportation of plain Linen secured In Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 133. and

46 G. 9. c. 137.

49 G. 3. C. 98.

Duties to be under Commlf-iionera of Cui-toms.

50 Geo. III. £

x a r.

C. 27, 28.

J

I9&306. 3. p.) c. 34.

36 G. 3. -(I.) .37.

40 G. 3. (|.) e. 17,

Continued tffl

March 23th, 1331.

Cap. 7. ante.

Allowance by JSn-Commissiontd Othcera, &c. for Diet, JStc. in Quart Tain England;

jo° GEO. III.

AD. 1810.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for ^e better Regulation of the Silk Maqufatlure. f 18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland

VY in the Session held in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Year 4 of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better

Regulation of the Silk Manufacture; and by an Act made in the.

Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act was continued, explained 4 and amended; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland 4 in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand eight hundred and ten; and it is expedient that the said Two first recited Acts should be further continued; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Two first recited Acts shall be continued, and shall be in force from the said Twenty fifth. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upoa the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, and no longer*

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to* be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[18th May 1810 ]

4 IT THE RE AS by an Act oaffed in the present Session of PavVV liament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the 4 berter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are 4 ctUhliflied in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the 4 Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and 4 others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers

are quartered and billet ted, who shall be furnished with Diet and 4 Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such 4 Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratis, in lieu 4 of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prefaribed: And whereas the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Neoeflariee we^ 4 in many In fiances, become, from the high Price of Provisions* 4 inadequate, and are prod unlive of Difirefs to such Innholders and

others; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual asd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflemhkd, and by the Authority of the same. That every Non*coiiuiufliooed Officer: and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholder*, or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private -Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, ftuli

C sk

jo* GEO. m.

pay ud allow for the same One Shitting and Four pence per j)ann (0); and that the Accounts of the same shall be tendered, and Payment thereof made, in like maimer as is directed in the fhkl Act now hi force touching the former Rates of Seven pence per Deem for the Cavalry, and Five pence per Diem for the Infantry.

(*) [Eight Fence per Diem for a Dinner instead of the above Move* me, fop. c. 96. § 1. J

II. And be it further ena£Ud, That in case any Innholders or "*! other Persons on whom any Non-commissioned Officers or Private

Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United King-in lieu thereof, dom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furniffi such UoD-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of fumiftiing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates pre-(icribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Oflicefs or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the' bid Articles shall have been fa supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof. One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furniffiing the same gratis, as required by the said Act 5 which Sum of (Sie Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid1.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid* to Ehr Hay mb the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the Straw for Horfw United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His

Majesty'* Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall he One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse, instead of Six pence per Diem as directed in the said

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Recited Act in9AA, with respect to the Manner of dieting within the aforesaid part repealed*

Parts of the United Kingdom Non-commissioned Officers and9Soldiers on a March, or employed in Recruiting, and likewise the9Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Incon-9 venicnce, as well to the Troops, as the Innholders 5' Be it further eaacted, That so much of the said recked Act as relates to thq manner of furniflung Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by (hem raised, with Diet or other Provision, be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers Dieting Non -md Soldiers shall be entitled to receive theiF Diet and Small Beer CommissioneJ from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be bHletted, Officers on within, the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates Mwchregu-bereinbefore prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the "Led* of their Arrival at the Place of their tinal Destination, and 00 the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Dajs shall be a Market Day in and Fof the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billeted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall and may be lawful for the lan iolder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to fon-iih 10 lira thereof the Articles in the said recited Att specified; tod at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

Ad.

Ea

VI. Provided

C. 28.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Paying Money in lieu of furoilhing Diet, &*.

Penalty.

Halting; entitled to Diet, &c.

Halting after Arrival on Market Day, & c, Diet notdiicoKiunued,

Recruiting Parties, ftc.on March, Rcgula-tfioru.

VI. Provided always, That if any Viftualleror other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-coramif-fioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of fumishing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer, to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would, be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One intire Day

'after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted* to discontiuue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers, shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That alt Non-commissioned Officers

and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time mall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Day8 as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.'.

X. And

53

50° GEO. III.

G. 28, 2p*

49 G. 3.C. 94.

§18.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance Continuance, from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

and ten until the Tweuty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act Act altered* &c. may be altered and varied by aoy Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

[Powers of this AS extended to c. 96. post. fee § 2. of that Ad.-\

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for

amending the Irish Road Acts. Qi8th May 1810.]

9 TT7 HEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for amending the Irifii Road Acts, it was,

4 among other Things, enacted, That from and after the End of the 4 sevend Lent Assizes which shall be held in Ireland in the Year One 4 thousand eight hundred and ten, no Affidavit for the accounting 4 for the Repairs of any Road shall be allowed by the Grand Jury or 4 by the Court at any Assizes or Presenting Term in or for any 4 County or County of a City or Town in Jr land, unless it shall be 4 Specially dated in such Affidavit that there is not on either Side of 4 any Part of the Road specified in Inch Affidavit, any Grip,

4 Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other sufficient Defence 4 between such Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of such Road :

And whereas in many Parts of Ireland the Building of such 1 Walls or other sufficient Fences may be attended with great ExpenceBe it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, and the Court at any Assizes or OSoher Session to be held in Ireland\ to allow any Affidavit for the accounting for the Repairs of any Road (not being a Road on which His Majesty's Mails are conveyed in Mail Coaches or Four-wheeled Carriages drawn by Two or more Horses) without its being dated, as is required by the said recited Act, that 44 there is not any Grip,

44 Trench or Drain without a Wall or other sufficient Fence between 4' the same and the Side of the Road, " provided that it appears that no former Grand Jury presented a Sum for making such Wall or Fence: any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any new Line of Road shall have been surveyed, approved of, and presented by any Grand Jury and Court at any Assizes, whereby any Mail Coach Road now in Use, or any Part of such Road shall be proposed to be avoided; it shall he lawful for the Grand Jury and the Court to allow any. Affidavit for accounting for the temporary Repair of the Part of such Mail Coach Road as is so to be avoided, although it shall not be specially Hated in any such Affidavit that there is not on either Side of any Part of the Road specified in such Affidavit, any

Grip, Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other " sufficient Defence 44 between such Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of such Road any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

E 3 HI. And

Grand Jury, &c. may allow Affidavits without Statement required by recited A&i

and also Affidavits respecting temporary Repairs.

54

Otci&ew to <nter in Affidavit Amount of Sums awarded for Damages for ntkinp a*ay Gravel, &c.

c. 29, 30, 31.

jo GEO* III*

A.D.ttao.

36 G. 3. (I.) C. 55.

Act altered.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Affidavit for accounting for any Presentment for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Bridge, Arch, (roilet, Gaol, Session-house, Work-house, House of Correction, Pipe or Wall, or for the making, repairing or preserving any Road or Footpaths, or for the making Drama in order to carry off any Water which might injure any Bridge, Gullet, Arch, Pipe, Wall or Road, the Overleer making the same shall enter in the Account annexed -thereto as an Ilea or Item composing Part of the Sum to be accounted for, the Amount of any Sum or Sums which may have been warded for Damages incurred by his having taken away from the Grounds or Lands belonging to any Person any Stones, Gravel, Sand or Earth, for the Purpose of executing the Preferments which such Affidavit is to account for the Expenditure of, pursuant to an Act passed in Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Amendment of Public Roads, whether the probable Ex pence may -or may not have been estimated previous to obtaining the Pnefentment.

IV. And be it further etiacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquisitions. [18th May 1810.]

WJ PEREAS Coroners in Ireland are at considerable Expence

W in holding Inquisitions, and are not sufficiently paid for the

same; y Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mjfl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loids Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-femhled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful for the Grand Jury of each County in Ireland, County of a City, and County of a Town, at each Assizes or Presenting Term, to present any Sum not exceeding Five Guineas for each and every Inqutft which any Coroner of that County shall have held flnee the prereding Assizes or Presenting Term; to be paid to the Treasurer of such County, and by him to the Coroner who shall have held the same, Proof being tirft made to the Satisfaction of the Graud Jury of his having made due Return of such Inquest to laid Assizes or pre-feuting Term: Provided always, that the Money to be presented as aforesaid, at any one Assizes or Presenting Term shall nQt exceed in the Whole the Sum of Forty Guineas.

in Dublin. II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to Inquifltions held in Gaols in the County or County of the City of Dvblirj.

What Sum Grand Jury may prtsent, for Imjueft.

c§G s.c.no.

CAP. XXXI,

An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland. [18th May 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /In AS far the

Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in West-

'HwtUr

AD. 18 io.

50° GEO. III. C 31. $|

1 mmfter Hill: and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commiffoners 4 of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for

enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices 4 in the fetid Courts in West minder Hall, on the Refgnation of their ' reffeeSive Offices: And whereas another AH was passed in the

Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present g$&4*G.3,

Majesty, to amend so much of the said in part recited Act, as c. 55.

relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of S'dfion,

9 Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland: And whereas another Act

4 was passed in the lath Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for 49 G, a.c. 137.9further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts9in Westminster Hall, and of the Chief and Second Justice of Cheiler, f amd Jufi'ues of the Great Sessions in Wales: And whereas an Act

was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of 36 0. 3. (I.)

9 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for increasing c. 26.

the Salaries of the Chief Justices and other Judges of His Maie/ly9s 4 Courts of King9s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron99 and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom: And

whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation should be

4 made in the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners 4 of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland \ and also ia 4 the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King* Bench 4 and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exche*

4 quer in Ireland; 9 We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sub-

jeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia*

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of

the said recited Acts passed in the Thirty ninth ar.d the Thirty ninth Rclatingte

and Fortieth Years and Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Amount of Stla-

Majesty, as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be paid as Sa^ 1, 0 °*

laries respectively, to the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of c'^*

Judiciary, and Barons of the Excliequer in Scotland, shall be, and

the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of ca1arie* toJudge, this Act, there shall be issued, paid and applied, in every Year, out ^urt of the Montes that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues ron, ^fExche - in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by several Acts ^Viei ia Scotland, made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, to the Judges in Scotland after mentioned, so much Money as will make up their respective Salaries to the annual Sums hereinafter mentioned; videlicet. To the Lord Prelident of the Court of Session, Four thousand three hundred Pounds 5 to each of the other Lords of Session, who is not Lord Just ice Clerk, or a Lord Commissioner of Judiciary, Two thousand Pounds; to the Lord Justice Clerk now presiding in the second Division of the Court of Session, Four thousand Pounds; to each of the Lords of Session, who are Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, Two thousand six hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of '>0 E 4, Exchequer,

A.D.i8to.

s«

3»*

50° GEO. III.

Exchequer, Four thousand Pounds 5 and to each of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, T wo thousand Pounds $ which said Sums of Money, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid Quarterly, clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever (except the Duty chargeable by 46 G. 3* c. 65. an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to H'u Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Groat Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Pro-ferty, Profejftons, Trades and Offices 5 and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting d Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-fcssions, Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collcding the said Duties.

Additional Sala- III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of rie* to Judges in this Act, there shall be issued and paid, and applied, in evtf-y Year, Ireland. out of Taxes, Duties and Revenues which shall compose the

Fund called The consolidated Fund of Irelands to each and every of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to each and every of the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, over and above the Sums now issued to the said Judges respectively, and in addition to the said Sums, and the Profits add Emoluments now received by the said Judges and Barons respectively* the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Pounds each; and that the said Sums of Money to be issued to the said Judges of Ireland shall be payable as the Salaries to the said Judges have heretofore been payable in Ireland, and together with the other Parts of their Salaries; and shall be paid without any Deduction for Pei Is or Poundage, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Payment* respectively issued to the said several Judges in Scotland upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in Ireland on the Tlwen tv fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and subsequent to that Period, there shall be issued to each of them respectively out of the said Duties and Revenues respectively chargeable with the Payment of their Salaries as aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as will make up each of such Payments respectively to the Sum and Suifts to which each of the said Judges would have been entitled if this Act had passed at the same time with the above recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Keeited A£U V. And be it further enacted, That the said several recited Act*, extended to thi§ and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Thing* Act* therein contained, (fo far as the same are applicable, and are not

hereby altered) shall be in force and applied to carry into EfFeft the Purpose* of this Act*

Commencement of Salaries.

51

50° GEO. III.

0.3a.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament in Ireland so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carnages; for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. [24th May 1810.]

WHEREAS the Number of Passengers to be conveyed by InihAAs,

W Stage Coaches and other Carriages plying for Hire in

Ireland, have been limited upon certain Roads by several Acts

passed in the Parliament of Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to

repeal so much of the said Acts as relates to the Limitation of Passengers, and the additional Tolls and Penalties which are thereby

detnandable and forfeited upon a greater Number being conveyed

by such Stage Coaches or other Carriages than are specified in the 4 aforesaid Acts; and to enact other Provisious and Regulations for 4 carrying the aforesaid Objects into effect; and to regulate the Con-

dust of the Owners and Drivers of such Carriages ; V May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of

the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of limitia- Num-the several Acts of Parliament of Ireland, as relate to the Limitation Wer of iWeugea of Passengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four- repealed, wheeled Carriages; also so much of said Acts as relates to the additional T0U1 and Penalties which are thereby detnandable and forfeited in case of a greater Number being conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four-wheel Carriages than is specified by the aforesaid Acts, be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calash, Chaise Marine, or other Carriage with Four or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same is or shall hereafter be called or known, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, and drawn by Four or more Horses, shall be allowed to carry Six Inside and Ten Outside Passengers, and ho more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with such Coach); and that One of such Passengers, and no more, shall be allowed to fit upon the Box with the Coachman, Three of such Passengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind in the manner the moil side and convenient for the said Passengers; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above described, drawn by Two or Three Horles, shall be allowed Four Out side Passengers, and no more, exclusive of the Coachman; and that all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double Bodied Coaches, shall be permitted to carry in all Sixteen Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with such Coach) under such Fines or Penalties as are by this Act imposed in Cases where more Passengers are carried than are allowed by this Act: Provided ChiUlrea. always, that no Child in the Lap or under Seven Years of Age shall be included in or counted as oue of such Number.

Number of Persons conveyed bj Stage Coaches, See.

A.D. 181a,

To be ijpeeified ia Licence.

And W be

feinted on Doorst' Coach, &c.

iVnaliy.

J.urfn^c carried oii Top of Coach.

Penalty.

Drivers mifeon-ducVmg themselves to Faffen-gers, S».c.

C. 32. 50° GEO. III.

III. And be it further enacted, that every Person who shall keep any Carriage to be employed as a public Stage Coach or other Carriage above described, for the* Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, shall, in the Licence which he is hereby required to take out from the Commissionera of Stamps in the City of Dublin, specify the Number of Passengers to be carried in or about such Coach or otner Carriage above defenbed, and that no such Licence shall in any Case be granted for-more than Sixteen Inside and Outffde Passengers in all, exekriive of the Coachman.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any Coach or other Carriage above described, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, shall, and he, (he or they is and are respectively directed and required to paint or cause to be painted, within »Six Months from the passing of this Act, on the Ootflde of each Door of each such Coach or other Carriage above described, or on some other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Chara&ors of at least One Inch and a Half m length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at length, the Number of Passengers which the Licence obtained for such Carriages respectively shall specify or express, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or Firm of the Company of Proprietors to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong; and if any Person or Persons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as aforesaid, for carrying any Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, without being licensed so to do, or without having the said Words painted on the Outflde of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous Part thereof and in such manner as is hereinbefore directed 5 or if any Coachman or other Driver shall at any time carry more Passengers than shall be specitied orexprefied in the Licence for using such Coach or other Carriage, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sutn of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner hereinafter specitied by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, to carry or permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels or Luggage whatever exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above-deferibed, drawn by Four or more Horses: and where Carriages are drawn by Two or Three Horses, or are of the Description called Long Coaches or Double-bodied Conches, then such Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof 5 and every such Owner or Driver acting contrary thereto, and being convicted of such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, said Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, or the Person acting as Guard, shall by reason of Intoxication, Negligence, or other Misconduct, endanger his Passengers in their Lives or their Property, or the Property of any other Person with which they may be entruffed.

'TJ

t: \

1

v;

n

: ?

aj

an

*1

A.D. 1810.

59

50° GEO. III. C. 3a.

or fast loiter on the Reid; or wSfiflly mispend or lose Time; or fall ufc aboftve or infidting Language to any Passengtrs; or shall demaad ocexad more than the Fare due from any Passenger 5 or shall mot in all possible Cases travel at the Speed of such a Number of Mile* aa Hour ms are fixed and expressed tn and by the Time-bill carried with the same, tmlefs the Circumstances of the Weather or the Oceumeaoe of any Accident to the Coach or Horses shall present the same $ then and in every such Case the Driver or Guard (as the case may be) of such Coach or ether such Carriage, so offending and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Founds for every such Offence, over and above the 6mn r Sums of Money so embezzled, and shall make Compensation for all Damage or Lots occasiooed by their Mifcowdud; such Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter specified; and in case of Nonpayment evenr such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, Town, Division, or Place where l'uch Offence shall have been committed, or where such Offender it actually present, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Two Months nor less than Fifteen Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any Inch Comch or other Carriage above described going or travelling dor Hire, shall (at any Place or Places where Assistance can be pro-cared), auit his Horses or the Box of such Coach or other Carnage above described, until a proper Person or Persons shall stand at the Head of the Horses or Fore-horses, so as to prevent them from ruiming away, such Person or Persons to remain at their Head until the DnveT has returned to his Box: and if such Driver shall neglect to attend to the same, he or they being duly convicted thereof, shall be subject to and forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, such Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter specified; and in case of Non-payment, every such Offender fall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence fall have been committed, or where such Offender is actually prefat, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month nor less than Fifteen Days at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom any such Offender shall be crovicted: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Sediort or Clanfe contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Hackney Coaches being drawn by Two Horses only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Summons issued by aay Justice of the Peace commanding any Driver or Guard of any Coach or other Carriage above described, to appear before him at such Tiff* or Place as to such Justice shall seem meet, for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service in case the same be left with the known or acting Book-keeper, or any other Person having the Care of any Office where Places are tfoaHy taken or Parcels received for such Coach or other Carriage above described.

IX. And be ft further enacted, That if any Constable or other Ptace Officer shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted fry any Justicfc of the Peace under {hii Ad, every such Person so

offending,

Penalty.

Imprifaunent.

Drivers leaving Horses.

Tensity.

Imprisonment.

Proviso.

What good Service of Summons for Driver.

Negle&inc to execute Warrants.

«0

A.D. 1810.

Penalty.

InprionxncDN

Juftifcs, kc.

mitigate

Pewducf.

Ofttief* bow ksuisd.

T«B.

Forms of Pro* cvcdings.

Publick Act.

C.32. 50° GEO. III.

offending, and being convicted thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings: and in case the Person so convicted doth not forthwith pay or secure to be paid the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justicea of the Peace to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, Town, Division or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer before whom any Person shall have been convicted for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, shall fee cause to mitigate any Penalty, every such Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer may mitigate or lessen the same to any Sum not less than Half of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all reasonable Cods and Charges expended or incurred in the Prosecution; and that One Moiety of the Penalty so imposed, with the said Costs and Charges, shall be paid to the Informer, and tht other Moiety shall be paid either to the Clergyman of the Parish where such Offence is committed, or to the Clergyman of the Parish where such Justice resides, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; such Penalty to be recovered in manner hereinafter specified.

It XI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against this Act shall and may be cognizable, and determined by and before any One or more Justice of the Peace, or before any Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief ©fficer for any County, Shire, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or Place where any such Offence may happen to be committed, or where the Offender is actually present, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the voluntary Confession of the Party, which Oath every such Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer is hereby required to administer, and upon Proof of any such Offence to give Judgment or Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Prosecution (such Penalty and Costs to be levied by Distress and $ale of the Goods of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or other Magistrate), or to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, for such time as is hereinbefore specified by the Provisions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Coach or other Carriage above described, conveying Persons for Hire, shall be charged or compelled to pay at any Toll or Turnpike Gate any greater Toll than is paid by other Coaches or Carriages drawn by an equal Number of Horses, any thing in any Ad contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used upon all Occasions, and with such Additions or Variations as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the Case 5 and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any such Proceedings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act,

and

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. 34.

*nd be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicea and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

IA, to England, pofttc, 48.]

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the foregoing AdU INFORMATION. f

gE it remembered. That on the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and A. B. of

in the said County, informeth me One of His Majesty*#-

Justices of the Peace for the said County, that [btre deferile the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be'] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An A£ for (a) [here insert the Title of this AS] which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence. Received the

Day of by me C, Dm

{a) [See the Title, which begins M An Act /o."]

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice.

To A, B.of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C. D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the hid [County, et cetera, ] That, et cetera, [here fate the Nature and Circumstances of the Casey as far as it shall be necessary to Shew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Ju/lice, and in doing that follow the Words of the AS as near as may be] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me, or such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et ccteraX on the Day of next, at the Hour of

in the Noon, to answer the said Complaint and

Information; and further to do and receive what to the Law shall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

FORM of CONVICTION. gE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at in the County of aforesaid, A. B.

came before me C. D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said £County, et cetera] and informed me, that et cetera [here Jit forth the FaS in the Manner described by the Ad] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly fummoued to aolwer said Charge, appeared* before on the Day of

at in the said County; and having heard the Charge

contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Jaftice, that he the said E. F, is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; it is therefore considered and adjudged by me the said Justice, that he the said E, F. be convicted, and I do

A.D. 1810

6Z

C. 3*» 33-

50° GEO. III.

hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and I do* hereby 4* clare and adjudge, that he the fadd 2: . hath forfeited the Swa of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the

Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law dire6U, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, Given

Day of

Qoe

jG. 2. (I.) C. 4*

19.

Grafttc of Land iit Towns Corporate, &c. bjr

under my Hand and Seal the thousand eight hundred and

After the Words w being duly fommoned to answer the said Charge, " insert [did not appear before mepurfuant to* the said Summons^ or [did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge, but the same being fully proved, et cetera'] as before. After the Words " contained in the Caid Information, " insert [acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it tnani-fejtly appears tome the said JujTicti et cetera J as above.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life and also Ecclesiastical Persons to grant Land for the Purpose of endowing Schools in IrelamL [34th May iSjo.J

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed ki Ireland in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further explaining and amending the several Laws for preventing- Frauds committed by Tenants > and for the more easy Renewal of Leefes % and for the further Amendment of the Law in certain Cases therein mentioned, it is, among# other Things, eaacted, That it shall and may be lawful all Persons whatsoever seised in F£e Simpte, Fee Tail Or for Life in PoffeiCoB in any Lands, with immediate Remainder to his, her ox their own Idoe, by his, her or their Deeds respectively, for grant any Part of such Lands not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, of the yearly Value of Thirty Shillings, and being no Part of the Demesne Lands usually occupied with or reputed as Demesne to the Mansion or Chief Dwelling House belonging to such Tenant in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Life, for the Use of a Resident Protestant Schoolmaster to teach the English Tongue, and that the Minister and Churchwardens and their Successors for ever of each respective Parish where such Acre of Land is or shall be so granted or fat apart, shall be empowered and made capable of receiving such Grant or Grants of Land, not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, for the Ufa of such BttgUJh Reddest ' Protestant Schoolmate* to teach the Englt/b' Tongue, and to no ' other Intent or Use whatever : And whereas the Provisiont of the bud Ail rn that respect have been found mfatfeient; Be it there* fore ensiled by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the paiTing of this Act, it shall sad may be lawful to and for all Persons whatsoever seised of any Lands in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Lite ia ^Poflofiiop, whb immediate

Remainder

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

c-33*

*3

Remainder to his, her or their Issue, of any Interest in Lands, by Land Ovmcn his 9T their Deeds respectively* to grant any Part of such Lands not for Endowment exceeding Half an Acre Irish Plantation Measure within the Liberties ^'hook, of any City or Corporate Town in Ireland, nor Two Acres Ir'tjh Plantation Measure in any other Part of Ireland, of whatever yearly Value the same may be, and being no Part of the Demesne Lands nfeaQy occupied with or reputed as Demesne, to the Mansion or Chief Dwelling House belonging to such Tenant in Fee Tad, or for Life, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporal# whether Aggregate or Sole, who shall be approved of for that Purport by the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands Be, and to kas and their Heirs or SucceBors in Fee Simple, or for any lesser In-terect; such Approbation to be expressed by" such Bishop being a Partr to and signing and sealing such Deed, in trust and for the Use of a Resident School mailer, and fuhjeft to such Conditions respec-ting the Mode of appointing such Schoolmaster and his Successors, tod the Plan of Education and Regulation of such School and its Concerns as shall be fpedtied in such Deed, or as shall afterwards be agreed on by sad between the Person or Persons so making such Grant of Land, or his or their Heirs, on the one Phrt, and all and every or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs or Successors, on the other Part, who shall advance of shall have advanced any of his or their Money, or any Part of the Funds entrusted to their Management, to the Amount of aot left than One hundred Pounds Sterling, either for the budding of a School House on the Lands so granted, or for the Endowment of the Schoolmaster.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Grants by

h like manner for every Archbishopand Bishop, and Dean pr Dean Eccleswitiwl and Chapter, Archdeacon, or other Ecclesiastical Dignitary, Pre- lerfou* heodary, Rector, Vicar, and all other Ecclesiastical Persons, with the Confirm of the Archbishop or Bishop of their respective Dio-ctfcs, to make an absolute Grant by Deed or Deeds under their icspective Hands and Seals, of any Quantity of Land to any of them respectively belonging, in right of their respective Arch-biftopricks, Bishopricks, and other Ecclesiastical Dignities, or a*

Glebe or otherwise, not exceeding One Acre, to any Person or Pfcrfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be approved of by such Archbishop or Bishop, the Consent and Approbation of such Archbishop or Bishop to be expressed by his Wing a Party to arK^ signing aT>d baling such Deed, in trust for the tJfe of a Kefident Schoolmaster, and subject to futh Condition*, rtfpccting the Mode of appointing such Schoolmaster, and the Ptas of Education and Regulation of such School, as is herein-before mentioned and e*prtfied with respect to stich Grant by Other Persons hereinbefoie mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Grantees or Grantee not Ltfftft, or his or their Heir or Heirs, Successor or Socceffprs, (half S?*?*tome 84 bs quaitfed to vote at the JJle&ion of any Member to serve in 00110 Parliament, as a Freeholder, by virtue of any Grant or Lease made

by virtue of this present AS.

A.D. 1810.

*4

C. 34*

50° GEO. III.

Duties on Malt ungrouud imported into Great Btit&in from Ireland et e contra.

Bllioi.

BmUcU

CAP. XXXIV.

An A £t for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. [24th May 1810.]

WHERE AS by the Laws now in force, Malt is prohibited

from Deing imported into Great Britain and Ireland re-

spectively: And whereas it is expedient that a free Intercourse*thereof should be permitted between those Parts of the United

Kingdom, subject to such Countervailing Duties on the Import

thereof respectively, as shall be equal to the internal Duty payable

on Malt in the Country into which such Malt shall be imported,

and that all Malt imported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from

Ireland to Great Britain, should be entitled to Drawbacks respectively, equal in A mount to such Countervailing Duties Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with< the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful to import diredily into Great Britain Malt unground made in Ireland; and also to import diredily into Ireland Malt unground made in Great Britain, subject to the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act imposed and allowed, and under, subject and according to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provihons as are provided, settled or eltablished of and concerning the same by this Act, or as may be provided, settled or established by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. [See r, 53*

II. And be it further enacted, That for all such Malt fa ira-: ported there shall be paid the following Countervailing Duties; that is to say, for every Bushel of such Malt made in Ireland, and imported diredily from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence; for every Bushel of fuqh Malt made in Ireland, and imported diredily from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eightpence, and Ten twentieths of a Farthing; for every Barrel of such Malt made in Great Britain and imported diredily from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all such Malt so ex- ported there shall be allowed the following Drawbacks; that is to Lay, for every Bushel of Malt, made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid and exported fr^m thence to Ireland ungreund, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence; for every Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Big, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid, and exported from thence to Ireland, unground, the Sum: of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten twentieths of a Farthing; for every Barrel of Malt made in Ireland, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid, and exported from thence to Great Britain unground, the Sum tof Ten Shillings British Currency.

8f IV. And

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. 34. 65

IV. And be it further eaacted, That by the Bushei in this Act Dfscription of mentioned, so far a* rektai to the Draw-back on the Exportation of

Malt from Great Britaq/jlid the Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, is meant and .intended a Bushei, according to the Standard remaining in the custody of the Chamberlain of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, commonly called or known by the Name of The Winchejltr Bushel, and that every round Bushei with a plain and even Bottom being made Eighteen Inches and a Half Wide throughout, and Eight Inches Deep shall be elteemed for the Purposes aforesaid, a legal Winchester Bushel according to the said Standard; and that by the Bushei in this Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Drawback on the Exportation of Malt from Ireland, and the Duty on the Importation thereof into Ireland, is meant and intended the Bushei known by the Name of The Winchester BufbeU containing Eight Gallons of Two hundred and seventy two Cubical Inches and a Quarter of an Inch each, and that Four such Bushels and Barrel.

shall be deemed a Barrel.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties and Dutlesand Drawbacks as shall arifeinthat Pan of Great Britain called England, Drawback*in shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Ireland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Dutiesrin Ireland for the time being; and that such Duties and Drawbacks as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Ireland, shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and accounted for in Ireland, in such and the like manner as any Duties or Drawbacks of a like Nature payable in Ireland, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Regulations, Rule9, Restrictions, Forfeitures, Fines, Pains and Penalties now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and all Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence committed against or in breach of any Act of Parliament in force at the time of passing this A St, for recovering the said Revenues in Ireland, shall be in full Force as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually as if they were made a P&rt of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by ConfoUd»ra4 the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and Fund, accounting for the same excepted, shall, from time to time, be paid

into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster and Dublin respectively, and shall be carried to and made Part of tb^

Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commeneenjert. and take effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained*

in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten.

50 Geo. III.

F

66

A.D.t8io.

*2 G 3. c. 48.

!«

§3.

44 G. 3. c. 98.

Houfa, &c. in Welt Indie*, Stc. insured without Licence under 9Q G. 9. c. 48. or Duty under 44 G.3. c. 98.

C. 35. 50° GEO. III.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for altering the Mode of cutting the Duty on Insurances against Loss by Fire, uponlroperty in His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the West Indies, and elsewhere beyond the Seas, and for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from Stamp Duty , for giving Relief in certain Cases of Stamps spoiled or misused; and for explaining Part of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

[24th May 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act jor charging a Duty 4 on Persons nvbofc Property [ball be insured agatnjl Lofi by Fire; a*yearly Duty of One Shilling and Six pence per Centum wasimposed upon all Sums insured on any Property against Loss by Fire; and 4 all Per suns who should publickly or privately insure or keep any«Office for insuring Property against Loss by Fire were required tn*take out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioneri of«Stamps, and to enter into Bonds to His Majesty for securing the Payment of the Duties payable in respect thereof: And whereas the yearly Duty imposed by the said Act, together with an addi- tional yearly Duty of Six pence imposed by a (ubfequent Act, was 4 repealed by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and a yearly Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence 4 per Centum was thereby imposed upon all Sums insured on Property 4 against Loss by Fire, in lieu thereof; which new Duty is fecuredand 4 collected by and under the Regulations and Provisions of the said*Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reigns And whereas many Persons having Property in Trinidad, and in others of 4 His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the Weji Indies and elfe- where beyond the Seas, cannot procure the same to be insured 4 against Loss by Fire, to the Amount desired by the pub'ic Corpo-« rations or Companies by whom Insurances against Fire are mod 4 commonly made, and they cannot procure Insurances to bemadeon*such Property by Individuals, because of the Regulations of the*said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, which are found inconvenient, as applied to themMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons in Great Britain, to insure any Houses, Buildings, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Property situated and being in any of the Istands, Settlements or Territories Delonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, against Loft or Damage by Fire, without taking out a Licence, and entering into m Bond to His Majesty, pursuant to the Directions and Regulations of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and without being liable to the said yearly Duty imposed by the bid A ft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, but subject aeverthelefg to the Regulations and Restrictioni hereinafter contained.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C» 3$.

II. And be it farther enacted, That in lieu of the said yearly Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, there shall beraised, levied and paid, from and after the passing of this Act, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and throughout Great Britain, for and in respect of every Policy of Assurance or Insurance or other Inllrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be ipade by any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property fitu-ated and being in any of the I (lands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from Loss or Damage by Fire, or for or in respe£ of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which any such Policy or Instrument shall be written or printed, the Duty following; that is to say. If the whole Sum thereby insured shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence; and if the whole Sum thereby insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds, and also for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, whereof the same shall consist, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence, over and besides the Duty of One Shilling, charged on every such Policy or Instrument by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Insurance shall be made by any Person or Persons, not being licensed as aforesaid, for any longer Period of time than Twelve Calendar Months, either absolutely or conditionally, in and by any One Policy or Instrument, and that every Policy or Instrument, whereby any such Insurance shall be made or attempted to be made by any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, for any longer Period of time, either absolutely or conditionally, shall be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person or Persons making or attempting to make such Insurance shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed and authorized by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; which said Commissioners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon the Vellum Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the same from time to time as Occalion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all fuclr other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the said Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or Dies heretofore provided

Fa to

' 67

Duty on Iufu-mices.

43G. 3. c. 149.

Insurance* to be n.ade only for a Year.

Penally.

Duties to be under Commissioners for Stamps.

Stamps hereto- t fore provided, &c. '

48

A.D. 1810.

C-35*

50° GEO. III.

Forging Stamp*.

Pcatt.

Former Stamp Acts in force.

In what Case Stamps given in l ieu of improper »mcs-

to denote any former Stamp Duties for the Purpose of expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof* and also to ufc Two or more Stamps for denoting the Amount of the Duties hereby granted, as Occasion may require* until a (ingle Stamp shall be provided for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, Thit if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited* any Stamp or Die which shall be provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, or any Stamp or Die which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of any former Act or Acts relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Stamp.or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heira or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted; or if any Person or Persons shall utter, or fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled 5 or if any Person or Persons shall privately and secretly use any Stamp or Die by this or any former Act directed or allowed to be used for denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties hereby granted, then every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, as far as the same are or shall be applicable in all Cases, Matters and Things not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall be confident with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effcdluaHy to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Policy or Instrument of Insurance as aforesaid shall be sub-feribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons for Part only of the Sum intended to have been thereby insured, and for which the same shall have been stamped, so that a greater Duty shall have been paid for the same than is hereby required; or if any such Policy or Instrument of Insurance shall be inadvertently subscribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons for any greater Sum in the Whole than the Sum for which the same shall have been stamped, whereby the same will be unavailable in Law; and if in either of the said Cases the assured shall procure another Policy or Instrument of Insurance, duly stamped, to be subscribed or underwritten for the same Risk, and for the same Sum as shall have been subscribed or

underwritten

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C-3J.

69

underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument, and shall produce the same to the Commissioners of Stamps within One Calendar Moth after the lad Subscription upon the Fird Policy or Indrument; and if in the latter Case it shall be proved to the $atisfaction Gf the said Commissioners that a greater Sura was subscribed or underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument through Inadvertence and by Mistake, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow Ss Spoiled, and to cancel the Stamjjf. on the Fird Policy or Instrument, and to give other Stamp! M the same Description and Value, or otherwise at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient. Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this Act shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Cudody, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same together with the Monies arising from the other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps (except those on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) after deducting the Charges of raising, colliding and accounting for the same, and all other Charges fird payable thereout into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at such times and in such manner as the present Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and that the Money so paijd into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted, That the clear Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted shall go and be considered as Part of the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, directed to be set apart in the Exchequer, by the Act patTcd in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign hereinbefore referred to, and entitled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instrumentsy and the Duties on Legacies and Succejpons to Personal Estate upon Intejlacies now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties -in lieu thereof; and that the yearly Sum of Thirty two thousand Pounds, Part of the yearly Sum of forty two thousand Pounds, by the said last mentioned Act required to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Compensation for the Exemption of their Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, shall be set apart at the Exchequer in addition to the said yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence $ and that the Remainder of the said yearly Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be deemed an Addition to the public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or A As passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

XI. And whereas the Bonds by Law required to be entered 4 into by the Collectors of the A defied Taxes and Property Tax, for securing the due Payment of the Monies collected by them 1 were exempted from Stamp Duty by an Act passed in the Forty 4 third Year of His Majesty's Reign 5 but the E;

Duties paid to Receiver General of Stamps, who frail pay same into the Bank. 1

Approi'TOtisn of Duties.

48 G. 3. c.149.

43 G. fl. c. 99.

§ 13.

44 G. 3.c. 98. 48 G. 3. C.149.

f3

xcmption was not 4 repeated

7o

A.D.iSio,

C. 35* jo GEO* III.

repeated in the Acts of the Forty fourth and Forty eighth Years«of His Majesty's Reign for granting new Stamp Duties, whence

a Doubt hath arisen concerning the fame/ Be it therefore enacted, Unstampt Torda That all Bonds which have been entered into before the passing of of Colle^or* ot this Act by any Collfftots of the Assessed Taxes and Property Tax, Assessed Taxes, an(j t}lcjr Sureties, for the due Payment of the Monies collected by

them, or otherwise relating jto their O(Tices on undamped Paper or Parchment, shall nevertheleli^he deemed good and valid; and that Indemnity. all Persons (liall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof; and th; »t all such Bonds to be entered into after the puffing of this Act (liall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

XII. And whereas the Paymallers of Exchequer Bills have«hitherto inadvertently taken Receipts for the Monies paid by them ? in discharge of such Bills on undamped Paper, under a Misappre- hension that such Receipts were not liable to a Stamp Duty/ Be Bereipt*taVn it therefore further enabled, That all Receipts on undamped Paper,

by Fay mali ers of taken by the Pay mailers of Exchequer Bills for either Principal or ^nt^re^ Monies paid by them in discharge of any such Bills at any i'mra StampCm^1 before the passing of this Act shall nevertheless be deemed good

puties. and valid; and that all Persons who shall have given such Receipts, as

well as the said Paymaders, (liall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof, and that from and after the passing of this Act all Receipts or Discharges to be given for or upon the Payment of any Principal or Intered Monies secured by Exchequer Bills, shall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

XIII. And whereas Mirtakes have been frequently made in the 4 Use of Stamps issued for denoting the ad valorem Duties granted 48 G. a.c. 149. by the aforclaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's

Reign, and some Persons have used Stamps of much greater Value f than were necessary, and others have used 3*amps for Indruments

not liable to a Stamp Duty, and others, without Intention of

Fraud have used Stamps of less Value than were necessary, but

dill of considerableA^alue, whereby many Persons have sustaineda

considerable Loss, as the Commissionerq of Stamps are not

authorized to give Relief in such and the like Cases, but which

it is expedient that they (liould be enabled to do under certain

In what Case ' Restrictions / Be it therefore turther enacted, That from and after

improper Stamps the uaffng of this Act, where any Pi rfon shall haye inadvertently

f»r a«l valorem nfedr for or upon any In liniment liable to a Stamp Duty under the

rolled?andmhm Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, any

given, \c. Stamp or Stamps of greater Value than the Indrument required by

the Sum of Fifty Shillings or upwards; and also where any Person shall have inadvertently used any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards, for or upon any Indrument not liable to any Stamp Duty; and also where any Person shall have inadvertently ''led for or upon any Indrument liable to a Stamp Duty under the fdd Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards (exclusive of any progressive Duty), but which shall be of less Value than the lndnim nit required, it shall be lawful for the Commi(lionets of Stamps to allow as spoiled and to cancel the Stamp or Stamps misused in the several Cates aforesaid, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of the same Description and Value, or otherwise, at their piferetion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient, Stamps of

any

A.D. 1810*

7*

50° GEO. III. C. 35.

airy other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof, and to caofe the Instrument bearing the Stamp or Stamps misused, if liable to any Duty, to be stamped with the proper Stamp or Stamps for de* noting the Duty chargeable thereon, upon Payment of such Duty* without demanding any Penalty in respect thereof; or if another In-ftmment of the same Tenor and Effect shall be produced duly ilamped and duly executed, and the Instrument bearing the Sump or Stamps misused shall be delivered up to be cancelled, it shall be lawful for the fail Commissionero to allow as spoiled, and to cancel the Stamp or Stamps thereon, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of the lame Description and Value, or otherwise, at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient. Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof: Provided always, that the Application for such Relief as aforesaid shall be made within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Instrument bearing the Stamp or Stamps misused; and provided it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in Cases where the Stamp or Stamps misused shall be of less Value than the Instrument required, that the same were so used by Mistake, or under a Misapprehension of the Law, and without any Intention to avoid or delay the Payment of the full Duty charged on such Instrument.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to canoel, and in the manner aforesaid to give other Stamps 111 lieu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for or upon any Instruments which shall have been executed or (igned by any of the Parties thereto, but which, by reason of any Mistake therein, shall be afterwards found untit for the Purpose intended, or which, by reason of the Death of any Party thereto without having executed or (igned the same, cannot be completed so a9 to effect the Transaction intended in the Form propoled, and which shall, in confeauence, be cancelled and delivered up to the said Commissioners as ufeiefs, provided the Application for the Relief hereby giv< n shall be made within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Instrument in Question; and provided the Fads upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be fully proved by Affidavit or otherwise to their Satisfaction.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where the Commissioners of Stamps have already the Power of allowing and cancelling spoiled Stamps, and of giving others of the same Description and Value in lieu thereof, it (nail be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient, to give Sumps of any other Description and of equal Value with the Stamps cancelled in lieu thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all luftruments for or uppn which any Stamp or Stamps have been or shall be used, of equal or greater Value than the Instruments required, but not of the proper Denomination, shall nevertheless be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, except in those Cases where the Sumps used on such Instruments shall have been speciajly appropriated to any other Instrument by having its Name on the face thereof.

F4 'XVII.And

Conditions.

Other Stamps given for spoiled Stamps.

Stamps of other

Ddcriptkms

given.

Stamps of equal Value though not of proper Denomination, valid.

7?

C-3$>3*-

50-

GEO. III.

A.D. 1610,

49 G. 3. c. 149. Sch. Part 1.

Certain I*afe« ^and Tacks of Lands exempted from the ad valorem Duties.

Act varied.

XVII. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the

Exemption contained in the Schedule to the said Act of the Forty f eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of certain Leases and Tacks f of Lands, Hereditaments or heritable Subjects from the ad valorem f Duties thereby granted on Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, extends to Leases and Tacks not exceeding the Term or Interest

specified in such Exemption, granted in pursuance of a previous

Contrail or Agreement to any other Person or Persons than the

Person or Persons with whom such Contract or Agreement was 4 made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or 4 Assigns, in consideration of a Sum of Money paid or secured, or 4 agreed to be paid to the Person or Persons with whom such Contract or Agreement was made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors,

4 Administrators or Assigns, for his, her or their Right or Interect, f in the Property comprised in such Leases and Tacks; and some

such Leases have been made and stamped as if the same did not fall 4 within the said Exemption, whilst others have been made without

Stamps for denoting the Payment of the said act valorem Duties,

4 and without regard to the Proyilion9 of the said last mentioned Act, relating to Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, under the

Supposition that the said Exemption did extend thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That all Leases and Tacks of the De-cription aforesaid, which have been made or shall be made before or upon the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, without Payment of the said act valorem Duties, shall be deemed and taken to have been within the Scope of the said Exemption a£ the time of the making thereof, and that all Persons shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect of the same; and that from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, the said Exemption shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Leases or Tacks of the Description aforesaid, which shall be made at any time after that Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. xxxyi.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge an additional Number of Exchequer Bills. [24th May 1810.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

>0 G. 3.c. 23.

WHEREAS an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills: and whereas it is expedient to allow a further Amount of Exchequer Bills to be exchanged upon the Terms and according to the Provisions of the said Act: We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United

Kingdom in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain other Exchequer Bills now outstanding, to the further Amount of Three 4 hundred and eleven thousand rounds, have resolved that all Persons 4 interested' in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills should be

entitled in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein to such 4 Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, subject to

A.D. 1810.

73

50° GEO. III. C. 36.

the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act : 9 We Your Hpjjesty's most faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech Wnr Majesty that it may beenadled 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, bearing Intered at the Rate of Three pence One Farthing per Centum per Diem, who should between the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten and the Twenty seventh Day of March One Thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Pay-maders of Exchequer Bills, unless the principal Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the said recited Act, and the further Principal Sum of Three hundred and eleven thousand Pounds shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office in such Exchequer Bills, shall be respectively paid the Intered that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Pavmasters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank England, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in

respecfc of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and three pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in such !all-mentioned Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the same between the lefpedlive Days aforesaid into the said Office of Paymalters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which laid Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of En- gland, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the sum of Three hundred and eleven thousand Pounds, in addition to the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act, as to the said Exchequer Bills all<JWed to be exchanged by the said Act, shall apply and be put in full Force for the exchanging the Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Act, in as full and ample a manner as if the same were in this Act severally and separately re-enacted and made Part of this Act, and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed as One Act, as if the additional Amount of Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Act had been included in the said recited

A a.

Holden of certain Exchequer Bills on delivering up same shall receive interest und Certificates entitling to certain Stock.

X

l'owers of recite^ Act. extended to this Act.

74

C. 37.

A.D. 1810.

5°

GEO. III.

CAP. XXXVII.

Annuity of J, OOOOl. to the Puke of Brunf-wit-k Wolfuibut-t«j»ayal>le (^u.meriy out of Consolidated Fund.

Payable at Exchequer. Debentures. No Fee.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on i||fc Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswich Wofenbuttel.

[24th May 181b.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

\\J E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the Com-

W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 4 in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration Your

Majesty's mod gracipus MefFage, wherein Your Majesty has been 4 pleased to date, that, in consequence of the continued Occupation 4 of the Territories of the Duke of Brunswici Wolfenbuttel by the 4 French Armies since the unfortunate Events which were attended 4 by the lamented Death of his illudrious Father in the Year One 4 thousand eight hundred and six, His Serene Highness the present 4 Duke of Brunswick lVolfcnbvttcl> Your Majesty's Nephew, has, after a Series of gallant but unavailing Efforts for the Recovery 4 of his Possessions, been compelled to seek an Asylum in Your Majesty's Dominions, Your Majesty recommended to the House of 4 Commons to consider of the Means of enabling Your Majesty to 4 make some Provision for the Establishinent of His Serene Highness 4 during such time as the State of the Continent might continue to 4 preclude the Return of His Serene Highness to nis own Dominions ; ' Do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeflt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the King's Most Excellent M«*jesty by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, to give and grant unto His Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick IVolfenbutteU an Annuity not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which said Annuity may commence and take Effect from the Fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and teni and shall be paid quarterly at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, tf.e Fifth Day of ^rj/, the Fifth Day of Ju/y, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in every Year, until the State of the Continent of Europe shall allow the Return of His Serene Highness to his own Dominions; and that the said Annuity shall and may by such Warrant be directed to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former A£i or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be changed upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity shall be paid and payable af the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such Warrant to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annuity as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said

Duke

A.D. 1810.

po° CEO. III.

C. 37, 38.

75

Duke of Bntnfuncl Wolfenbuttel % or of such other Person or Person g as shall by the said Duke be duly authorized and appointed to receive such Annuity or any Part thereof, shall be a good and fufficieot Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of such Annuity to the said Duke during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity so to be given and granted shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Aflefiments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and to amend the same. [2d June 1810.]

TTT'HEREAS it is expedient to amend certain Provisions con? 48 G.3. c. 3e.

tained in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His §7-

4 present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goods

imported into Ireland, to be warehoused or secured without the Duties 4 due on the Importation thereof being frf taid; And whereas it is, f among other Things, enacted by the said Act, that no Goods,

' Wares or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Ware- house or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the ' Directions of the said Act, shall be delivered from or taken out of 4 any such Warehouse or Place except for Exportation, or to be

used or consumed in Ireland: And whereas it may be expedient ' in certain Cases to permit Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be

taken from £he Port or Place where they were first warehoused or

secured, for the Purpose of being transferred or conveyed to some

other Port or Place in Ireland, there to be warehoused or secured 4 under the Provisions of the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority

of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and g^TccLi-

may be lawful for any Person who shall have imported any Good*, ways secured in

Wares or Merchandize into Ireland, and who shall have lodged the Warehouse under

same in Warehouse, or otherwifi; secured the same, at any Port in recited Act.

Ireland, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, or of any Act

for altering or amending the same, to remove such Goods, Wares

and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, opt of such Warehouse or

Place, for the Purpose of fending and transferring the same Coast-

way*, to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duty in any

other Port in Ireland, in which such Goods are allowed to be ware-

boufed or secured by the Provisions of the said recited Act, under

the Regulations and Provisions hereinafter mentioned, directed and

ponlained; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary not-

yrithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

II. PfQV&«d

6

A.D.)8io.

76

Mailer of Vessel to take out Coail Cocket.

First Importer to enter into Bond for Delivery of Goods, &c.

Penalty.

Importer of Goods removed to enter into Bond, to export Goods, or to pay Paty.

Not clearing Goods.

C.38. 50° GEO. Ill/

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be entered to be shipped at any Port in Ireland for the Purpose of being sent and transferred as aforesaid to any other Port in Ireland, there to be warehoused or secured, the Mailer or other Person who shall have the Charge of the Ship or Vessel on board which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be laden in any Port of Ireland, to be landed and discharged in some other Port thereof, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be permitted to depart from the Port or Place where he shall take in his Lacting, take out a Coast Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Transire, as the case may require; and the first Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall enter into a Bond with Two suficient Sureties to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to the Value of the actual Quantity of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so laden or taken on board such Ship or Vessel, conditioned for the Delivery or Discharge thereof, in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, and also conditioned to return a Certificate within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Transire, under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be landed and warehoused or secured, to the Colkftor or other Chief Officer of the Port in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been put on board, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize were landed and warehoused or secured at the Port for which the same shall have been entered, and that Bond was duly given upon the warehousing of such Goods at such Port in manner hereinafter directed; and in case any such Mailer or other Person shall omit or neglect to take out such Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Transire, such Master or other Person so neglecting or omitting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods Wares or Merchandize which may be carried or transferred from one Port in Ireland, and which may be landed under this Act at any other Port in Ireland9 and warehoused or secured there without Payment of Duty at the time of the Entry thereof at such Port to which the same may have been transferred, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize with Condition that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be duly exported, or that the full Duties due and payable on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry of such Goods Wares or Merchandize, at the Port where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were first entered and warehoused or secured, or within the time required by Law from the first Entry as aforesaid, as to such Goods as may be warehoused in Ireland under any Act or Acts other than the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid 5 and the said Bond shall be so entered into within Forty eight Hours after the Port Surveyor and Land waiter or other proper Officer shall have ascertained the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so to be bonded; and in cale the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize

shall

A.D. 1810.

77

500 GEO. m. C. 38.

shall neglect to dear and take such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, oat of and from any Warehouses and Places in which the same shall hare been warehoused and Secured within the time required by Law, to be computed from the Day of the first Entry thereof, at the Port where the same were first entered and warehoused or Secured, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be sold, and the Produce thereof applied in manner dircded by the Said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, with respect to Goods warehoused or secured under the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Production of a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port to which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been transferred, and there landed and warehoused or secured in manner directed by this Act, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize were, duly landed and secured there, and that Bond was entered into accordingly, pursuant to the Directions of this Act (which Certificate such Officer is hereby required and authorized to grant without Fee or Reward) it shall be lawful for the proper Officer at the Port in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been first warehoused, to vacate the Bond given at such Port on the first landing and ware-houfing or securing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by Indorsement thereon, so far as relates to the actual Quantity of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall have been carried and transferred from the said Port, and which by any such Certificate shall appear to have arrived at any such other Port in Ireland, and to have been there warehoused under the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any original Importer, Proprietor or Con fig nee, of any White, or Clayed, or Brown, or Muf-covado Sugar, not refined, of the Growth or Produce of any Country, Island or Place conquered by or ceded to, or which shall hereafter be conquered by or ceded to His Majesty's Arms; or of any Foreign or Bay Salt, to warehouse and secure all such Sugar and Salt, under the Regulations and Provisions for warehousing contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year, without the Duties doe on the Importation of such Sugar and Salt being first paid; and to export and deliver for Exportation such Sugar and Salt without Payment of Duty, according to the Provisions of the said recited Aany thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Sugar and such Salt shall be deemed and taken to be warehoused under the Provisions of the said Act, and to be entitled to all the Benefits of the said Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Sugar and such Salt had been specially named and included in Schedule (A) to the said Act annexed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, upon the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any Foreign or Bay Salt which shall not nave been warehoused in Ireland. there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duties which shall have been paid on the Importation of the same, and that the said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed in like manner, and under the like Regulations as other Drawbacks are paid and allowed, under or

Sold.

In what Case first Bond ranted.

Unrefined Sugar of conquered or ceded Place, Foreign or Bay Salt warehoused under48G.3.c.32.

In whit Case on Exportation of Foreign or Bay Salt Drawback.

78

A.D. 1810.

A & altered, dec.

50 G. a.c. 26.

In what Case

Duty on Foreign Linen ware-hoofed repaid.

46 C. 3. C. 90.

^*3^39*4* 5° GEO. HE

by virtue of any A A or Ada in force in Ireland\ and that all Salt on which such Drawback shall be claimed shall be exported subject to the Regulations and Provihons contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or in any other A A or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for repaying, in certain Cases, the Duty paid on the Export of Foreign Plain Linen. [2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in certain Cases the Duties paid on Foreign Plain Linen by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting a 4 Duty on Foreign Plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported 4 to Foreign Parts, should be repaid Be it therefore enacted oy the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Duty has been or shall be paid, or any Bond has been or shall be entered into for Payment of any Duty imposed by the said Att, upon any Foreign Plain Linen that was secured in Warehouses, as therein described, on or before the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and which Linen has been or shall be delivered from any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being exported to Foreign Parts, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof thereof, to cause Repayment to be made of such Duty so paid, and to cause such Bonds so entered into to be cancelled; any thing in the said A St to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XL.

An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol. [2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Bounty now payable on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain 4 should be discontinued, and that a Proportion of the Duties now 4 payable and paid upon the Importation of Foreign Brimstone into 4 Great Britain should be drawn back upon Brimstone used and 4 consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, and repaid to the Manufacturers of such Oil made under certain Regulations and Restrictions; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aifem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the

Reign

A.D. 1810.

7 9

50* GEO* III. C.40.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty ou the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain, shall be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Nine Tenth Parts of the Duties of Customs paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of Brimstone, shall he allowed in respect of such Brimstone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, and the Amount of such Drawback shall be paid and allowed to the Manufacturer of such Oil in Great Britain, under the following Regulations; (that is to fay/ every Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol intending to claim any such Drawback or Repayment under this Act shall make an Entry of his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Customs of the Port within or nearest to which his Work shall be carried on / and shall Once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in his Manufactory within the preceding M«nth, and at the End of the Year to be computed from the Date of such Entry as aforesaid, shall deliver the said Account to the Collector of the Customs with whom be shall have made such Entry a9 aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer shall make Oath to the Truth of the Account so delivered to the Collector of the Customs under this Act, in which Oath he shall depose that full Nine Tenths of such Brimstone has been consumed io the manufacturing of Oil of Vitriol, and that the Residuum does not contain a Quantity of Brimstone worth Extraction, and that such Quantity does not at the utmost exceed One Tenth of the whole Brimstone nfed in such Manufacture; and he shall also specify in such Account the Name or Names of the Importer or Importers of such Brimstone, and the Times when the Duties due thereon were respectively paid to His Majesty; and if upon a Certificate being produced from the proper Officers of the Customs in Great Britain where such Brimstone was so imported, it shall appear that the full Duties were paid thereon, and if sufficient Proof be also made before the proper Officers of the Customs, that the Brimstone mentioned and referred to in such Certificate is the identical Brimstone so dated to have been used and consumed by the Manufacturer of such Oil of Vitriol, then, and in every such Case, a Debenture shall be issued for the Amount of the Drawback by this Act allowed upon such Brimstone; and the same shall be paid by the Collector of the Customs who shall have received such Account as aforesaid, out of any Money remaining in his Hands on account of the Duties of Customs.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol shall deliver any false Account of the Quantity of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such Manufacturer shall, on being convicted of any such first Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be sued for within Three Months after the Delivery of the Account, and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at West* wafer, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and One Moiety of such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, his Hein and Succeiiors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fed foe or prosecute for the same.

repealed.

Allowance of Duty for Brimstone used in preparing Oil of Vitriol. Regulations for Manufk&orer.

Oath at te Quantity of Brimstone used,

Delivering falle Account.

First Offence. Further Oftence.

2a

Ci 4 Oi 41.

AJD.1810.

9& 10 W. 3. c. 27. and allA&* relating to the Deties thereby imposed, See. re* pealed.

Licences in forre.

Commission for licsnling to cease.

Allowances to ConunilEoners, Ac. of Hackney Coaches.

Fenfton* to Com-roiflioner* for licensing Hawk* err.

50° GEO. lit.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches.

[ad June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions contained in any Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars Should be brought together into one Act, and, that the said Duties should be placed under the Management of the] Commissioners of Hackney Coaches; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the First Day of Augud Gne thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act passed in a Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of His late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for the Payment of the Interefi of the Transport Debt for the reducing of Ireland; and all Acts made for continuing, altering or regulating the Duties thereby imposed, as far only as the said Acts relate to such Continuance, Alteration or Regulation, and all Powers, Provisions and Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Collection of the same Duties, shall be repealed, except such of the said Powers, Provisions and Clauses, as may be necessary to be kept in force, for the Recovery of any Arrears of the Yaid Duties hereby repealed, or any Penalties incurred under any of the Acts hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive any Act or Provision which had been repealed-by any of the Acts or Provisions repealed by this Act, and which were not in force at the time of passing this Act, but the same shall continue repealed notwithstanding any thing contained in this Act. [See §. 31, post.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences granted under any former Act to Hawkers and Pedlars, by the Commissioners of Hawkers and Pedlars, and in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall continue in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten 5 and that all future Licences which shall he granted under and by virtue of this Act, shall continue in force until the First Day of August next following the Dates of such Licences respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, that from and after the said First Day of Augujly the Commission by which Commissioners are appointed for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, shall cease and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, out of the Monies raised by this Act, to pay to the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, their Clerks or any other Persons, such Sums of Money as they or any of them shall or may reasonably deserve for their Service, or shall or may have expended in the Execution of or in relation to this Act: Provided always, that the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power to grant such Pensions by way of Compensation to the Commission-

cra

A.D.i8ro.

50 GEO. III.

U

oom and other Persons who shall be employed in the Office for granting Licences to Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, at the time of the paffiflff of this Act, as to them shall seem fit, so as that the same shall not*in any Ca£e exceed the Amount of the Salary which any such Commissiooers, or any such other P*rfo.i shall be entitled to ia respect of his or her Situation in the said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Good* may b*

shall extend or be construed to extend tb hinder any Person or Persons ?T, <!

from felling or expoiingto Sale aoy Sorts of Goods or Merchandize ^#u

to any Publick Mart, Market or Fair, legally established within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Walis and Town of Berwick k/M 7weed, but such Person or Persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith&anding.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of Duty for Licei-dngn/l there shall be raised, answered and paid to and for the U(c of ccs.

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following, that is to say, by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person and Persons going from Town to Town, or to other Men's Iiouses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, a Duty of Four Pounds for each Year; and every Person so travelling with a Horse, AfsorMule or other Bead (a), bearing, or drawing Burthen, the Sum of Four Pounds yearly for each Bead he or she shall so travel with? over and above the said first mentioned Duty of Four Pounds. (a) [See

the Case of Rex v. Robotham % 3 Burr. p. 1472, mentioned in Note to yand 10 W. 3. c. 27. 1.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Hawker* (not

Day of August it shall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, hemgReficleni*) Pfctty Chapmaa or any other trading Person or Persons going from7 Auc"

Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, and travelling either

on Foot or with Horse or Horses, either by opening a Room or Shop, and exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize by Retail in any Town, Parish or Place, such Person not being a Householder there, or the same not being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or by any other Means or Device to vend or fell, either by himself or heiself, or by any Auctioneer, whether licensed or not,

Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant or other Person on hisor.fier Behalf, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, by Outery,

Knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Lot, Parcel or any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the belt or highest Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser; and that every Person and Persons in vending or selling contrary to such Prohibition as last aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to Penalty, be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act Duties under, impoftd shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for the

tune being for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, who shall

have Power to employ such additional Clerks and Officers as may be Coscber

Cud Duties, and I 50'Geo. III.

III. G*out

ung

All<

)og!e

Si

Licence annu-

The Duties to be paid on receiving Licence.

Proviso for Persons already authorized to grant Licences.

Hawkers to produce Certificate of Character.

Form at Ccrtifir cate.

C.41. 5c0 GEO. III. A.D.iSjo.

out of the said Duties so colledlcd by them, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

IX. And be it further enacted, That everyJHawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman subject to the Duties hereby itnposed, shall annually take out a Licence in the manner hereinafter mentioned, which Licence shall continue in force for such time and times as are herein- before respectively provided in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of Auguf, every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman and other traaing Person or Persons so travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving his or her Licence as hereafter mentioned, and without any Discount whatsoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by, or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the Commissioners for the time being for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or some Person or Persons in that Behalf authorized or deputed by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwise, a License shall be granted to such Person, subscribed by the said Commissioners for the time being, or any One of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and according to the Duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such Licence.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person duly authorized and deputed by the present Commissior.ers to grant Licences in any Place within the Limits of England and Wales^ and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except the Cities of London and Westminster, and having Authority for that Purpose at the time of passing this Act, shall have Power to grant Licences under the Provisions of this Act, as if they had been duly authorized and deputed under this Act by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, until such last mentioned Commissioners shall think fit to annul their Authority.

XII. And be it enacted, That before any Person or Persons shall, receive any Licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall produce to the Commissioner or Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or their Deputy or Deputies appointed for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen and other trading Persons as aforesaid, a Certificate, signed by some one Clergyman officiating within the Parish, Chapelry or Place, wherein such Person so applying for such Licence ha6 his usual Residence, and also by Two reputable Inhabitants of the said Parish, Chapelry or Place, attesting that the Person so applying it of good Character and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate so to be produced as aforesaid, shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

"\X/E d. B. the Minifler, and C. D. and E. F. being two

" Householders, residing at ,

in the Paiifli, Chapelry, or otherwise, [as the Case may he], of

in the County of, do hereby

certify, that G. H. hath been known to us for the Space of

Years lall past, and during all that Time hath usually resided in

the said Parish, Chapelry, or otherwise, [ox the Case may he],

of

A.D. 181d.

0.4ft

56' GEO. ILL

*3

1 of, and is a Person of good Character and Reputation*

and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a 1 Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman* Dated the Day of

A. B. Minister.

C£ Householders.

XIV. And be it further en?&ed, That every Person to rirhonl of

any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, under or by virtue Hawker to luv« of this Act, and who shall trade with or under Colour of such the Words Licence, shall cause to be written, painted or printed in large legible*Licensed Roman Capitals, upon the mod conspicuous Part of every Pack* Hawker/Ice* Bos, Bag, Trunk, Case, Cart or Waggon, or other Vehicle or Conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and of every Room and Shop in which he or she (half

so trade; andlikewife upon every Hand Bill or Advertisement which he or she shall give out, distribute or publish, the Words, ' Licensed Hawker/ together with the Number, Name or other Mark or Marks of Distinction so written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforesaid; and that every such Person in any Respect making Default Penalty, herein shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time from and after Persons not 1»* the said First Day of August, any Person other than to whom such censed using Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid, shall write, paint or Word* print, or cause to be written, painted or printed, or kept or continue

written, painted or printed upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Case,

Cart, Waggon', or other Vehicle or Conveyance for any Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, or in any Room or Shop in which he or she shall sell or expose to Sale or keep for Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Words Licensed Hawker or Licensed Pedlar, or any other Word or Words to that Effest, every Person offending Penalty, therein shall forfeit for each Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Hawlcen dealing Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall, from and in haggled after the said First Day of Augujiy be convicted of knowingly dealing

in, vending or selling any Kind of smuggled, contraband or prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or knowingly dealing in* vending or selling any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fraudulently er dishonestly procured either by themselves or through the Medium of others, with their Privity and Knowledge, every such Hawker,

Pedlar, Petty Chapman or trading Person, shall, from and after such Conviction, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter ke Penalty, incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking or trading under the same, and that over and above all such Forfeitures and Incapacities, Fines and Penalties to which he or Hie is or shall be by Law subject and ball*, for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XVIL And be it further enacted, That if any such Hawker, Trading contrary Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person so travelling as to L»c«ice. aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Day of Augtift, trade as aforesaid without, or contrary to, or othefwile than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and Penalty, applied as hereinafter mentioned; and that if any Person trading C 2 under

A.&1810.

w

fenalfy.

Imprisonmptrt. Fortins or using forged Ltceuce.

Penalty.

Hiring or lending licence.

Pknalty.

IVrfon* trading without Licence, or refufiii? to produce it, hote jetlt with.

C.4r. 50* GEO, III,

under of by virtue of any Licence to bun or her granted a» aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Perfoqs authorized or appointed to demand any such Licence by tl\e Cpromifltooera for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen for the time being, or any Two of them, under their Hands and Seals, and upou producing or shewing such Authority or Appointment to such Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Cpnftable or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding* Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where he or die shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Custom* or Excite, or by any Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall offer any Goods to Sale, shall refute to produce and thew his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her Licence ready to produce and ffiew unto such Person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Cqndable or other Officer of the Custoras or Excite* that then the Person so refuhng or not having hU or h#r Licence ready to produce and diew as aforesaid, shall forfeit Ten Pounds* to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned, and for Nonpayment therof shall differ as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons what foe ver, shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by this Act directed to be granted, or travel with, or produce or shew any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences, for any of the PitrpofeB aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every Such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pound* to be recovered and applied as hereinafter directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall lot out, or hire or lend a#y Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or uwder colour of any Licence granted unto any Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own seal Name Avail not be mferted as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, the Person lotting out to hire or lending any such 1 Jet nee, and the Person so trading with or under colour of any Licence granted to any other Person, or any Licence in which liia or her own real Name shall not be inserted, as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted or have Judgment agaiaft him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person cvr Perfooa contrary to this Act, such his or her Licence shall be frowr henceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subject t& the said Penally any Servant travelling for a been fed Master, with the Licence of such Master, and for his Benefit; or any licensed* Mailer fending such Servant to travel with such Licence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfiA for any Person or Persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such Hawker* Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, who* shall be fonnd trading without a Licence contrary to this Act, or who being found trading shall refjufe or neglect to produce to such, Person or Persons a jQconcc according to this Act, after being

required

A.D.i8to.

GEO. III. C.41.

required so to do for a reasonable time, in order to give Notice to a Constable, Headborough, Tithingman Or other Peace Officer or Officers, who ate hereby required to carry fitch Persons so seized, usfefs they shall in the meati time produce their respective Licences before some one of his Majesty's Justice* of the Peace of the Couhtv or Place where stich Offence or Offbtocfes shall be committed, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and ffri&ly required to ekafnitie into the Fa& or EtfU charged 5 and upon the Tmding with-ftt>of, either by Confession of the Parly offending, br by the Oath out Licence, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which the said Justice is hereby empowered to adiriinifter), that the Person so brought before him had fb traded as afore said, and no such Licence being produced by such Offender before the said Justice, to convidt the Offender so trading without a Licence, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause the said Sum of Fdrty Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize Diflid*. of such Offender or Offenders, or tof the Goods («) which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as afore said, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thei*eof, after deducting the reasonable Charges for making such Distress, and out of the fold Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures .

aforesaid, and in the mean time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, Imprisoument* City, Liberty, Town dr Place where the said Offence shall be committed, these to remain until the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwiie paid or satisfied by such Offender; (a) [Query

" with <Which."]

XXI, And be it further enacted, That if atir Constable, Head- Canfabte reborough or Tithingman, or other Officer ot Officers of the Peace fufingw*h shall refuse or neglect upon due Notice, or on his or their own View

to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, being thereunto required, and each and every such Officer or Officers being thereof coilvicled upon his Confeffioii, or by the Oath of Oise or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace for the County or place where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds* Penalty, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fcr any Hawlrrs July Person or Persons who on the First Day of May was or were duty Kcensed, may licensed to trade as .Hawkers and Pedlars, to set up, occupy, use oret upTrvIe in exencife any Craft, Mystery or Occupation, used or occupied within

this Realm in any Place where they shall be resident Inhabitants, e, we* although they shall not have been brought up in such Craft, Mystery or Occupation Seven Year as Apprentices; and also to set any rerfon to work in such Craft, Mystery or Occupation, although such Person shall not have been Apprentice therein as aforesaid, any Penalty,

Matter or Thing contained in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers 5 Biz. c. 4; Orders fot Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentice > to the contrary notwithstanding 1 and that if any such Person or their Wives or Children shall be prosecuted for using or ex-

G 3 ercifing

8 6

C. 4»

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 181q,

General Issue.

Double CofU,

ercifing any such Craft, Mystery or Occupation in any City, Town, or Place, and "shall make it appear that they had such Licence a* aforesaid, they shall, upon the General Issue pleacted, be found Not Guilty, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment for such Cause exhibited against him, and in all Cases where Cells are allowed, such Person so acquitted Hull be entitled to and shall re-» ceive double Colls; and that no such Persons, their Wives or ChiL dren, during the time they flydl use and exercise such Craft, Myttcry or Occupation in any Paii(H % r Place, shall be removeable therefrom to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement, uqtil such Person Qr Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place, any Law not (a) iu being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, to the contrary thereof notwfthstanding, (a) [Query " no<w iq

king."]

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling any printed Papers licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruit It qr Visuals, nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers of any Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her or their Children, Apprentices or known Agents or Servants* JMrtu. jkwttfually residing with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying

Prov'so for certain Trades, Sec.

oiu

iph ttf

is abroad or exposing to Sale, and felling by retail or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares or Manufactures, of hfs, her or their own making, in any Mart, Market or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate and Market Town, nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plumbers, Hamefs Menders, or other Persons usually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Household Goods or Harnels whatsoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the same.

Tensities above XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties yol. where to be which shall be incurred under this Act of a greater Sum than recovered. Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Cods of Suit, iu

any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaiut or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Penalties under XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the

Qol.Jiow to be pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed does not exceed the Sum of

recovered. Twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before One of His Majesty'*

Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible WitneU pr Witnesses, and one Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same, and in case of Non-payment, the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, shall cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, or of the Good3 and Chattels with which such Offender shall be found tracting, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Expeace of

the

AD.i8xo.

50 GEO. ILL

G41.<?

the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division,

City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be tried by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisiied by such Offender; and it shall be lawful foi* any such Justice of the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until the hearing of such Charge or Complaint, ualefs he or she shall and do enter into a Recognizance before such Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties in a suficient Sum, to be ordered by such Justice to appear at the hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it Further enabled. That no Person

committed to any Gaol or House of Correction for any Offence 1 '

committed against this Act, shall be detained in such Gaol or House

of Correction, for any longer Space of Time than Three Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeab shall find himseif, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, {he or they shall or may, upon entering into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by such Justice, to the Amountof the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which, in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate to the Amountof the Costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures and Costs as shall be adjudged in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justicea of the Peace at the next General Sessions for the County, Riding or Place, (a) are hereby empowered'to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or at their Discretion to state the Fads especially for the Determination of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench thereon; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the Court of King's Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to r of ron-, them shall seem meet. (a) [Query 44 who.'9'} viaUm.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or, to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Evidence, and without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence in all Cases wherein any such Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue of the present Act:

"DE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord at y

4 in the County of A. B. came before me C. D*

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said 1 County 4 residing near the Place where the Offence hereinafter mentioned 4 was committed, and inforriied me that E F. of

4 in the said County of [here set forth the Fa8

/or which the Information ts laid1, whereupon the said E. F. being 4 duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me,

4 (and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information,

4 acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the Fads therein Hated to

be true, ) but in his [or her] Defence alledged [here felting forth

g4

' tS

A.D.iftio.

4$i

Certiorari

Jufiicesto t runtime A<coun's of ( jmvuftiom, and Penalties

To pay we*

Money to Clerk of the Peace, who is to remit same.

C.4L 50° GEO. III.

tie Suhftarut of tit Defence] or voluntarily confessed the said Charge

to be true, or did not make any Defence againil the said Charge^

whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of G. M'. a

credible Witness, or said that he [or Ihe] was not guilty of the

said Offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of

Q. H a credible Witness [or as the Case shall be-\, or did not appear 1 before me pursuant to the said Summon*, but the said Charge was 4 fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a credible Witnefa [er as tkf

Case shall £*}, and therefore it manifestly appearing to me, that the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged in the said Information}

I do hereby convict him [or her] of the said Offence, and do

adjudge that he [or (lie] hath forfeited the Sum of

4 or his [or her] Licence, and the Sum of 4 of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the Law

directs according to the Form of the Statute in such case made

1 and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal the >

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction upon this Act shall be removed or removeable by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise into His Majesty's Court of King's Dench or any other Court, fare upon an Appeal as by this Act is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Just ice before whom any Person hath already been convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of any of the Acts hereby repealed, and having received for His Majesty's Use any Part or Share of any Penalty levied, inflicted or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction for which he has not already accounted, shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, transmit to the Commitftonfers for licensing Hawkers, Pedlar! and Petty Chapmen, a Schedule or Schedules containing the Names of the Persons so convisted, the Day on which they were convisted, their respective Offences, and the respective Sums now remaining in the Hands of such Justice for His Majesty's Use, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of such Convictions, arranged according to the several Counties, Ridings or Places within which such Convictions Lath been made, and every Justice before whom any such Person shall be convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of this Act, shall take and receive Hw Majesty's Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction, amd that every such Justice, his Executors or Administratars, shall pay or caule to be paid all such Sums of Money as shall be remaining in his or their Hands at the time of the passing of this Act, at the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace after the passing of this Act; and all such Sums which he shall so take or receive upon any Conviction under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, at the next General Sessions of the Peace after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace or other such like Officer for the County, Riding or Place, within which such Conviction shall have been made, who is heteby directed to remit the same forthwith, without Fee or Reward, to the said Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, or to such Person or Persons as the greatest Part of them shall appoint, and that every Justice, his Executors or Administrators, (hill immediately on such Payment made to any Clerk of the Peace or other such Officer, transmit a like Schedule to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they or the greater Part of them shall appoint.

XXXI. And

AJ).iSi&.

50° GEO. III.

C. 41.

*9

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all.and every the Powers Authorities, Di region a, Rules, Methods, Penalties and F^lfeituret, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, which in and by the said Act made in the Reign of King William the Third, or by any other Law now in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Adfc granted, are provided, settled or establishea, (other than io far as the same is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or coutradi&ory or repugnant to any thing in this Act contained, and other than in such C^ies for which different Provisiona are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering and paying the several Duties hereby granted, and be in force with respect to the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Furposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Chuses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act. [&r Repeal of9and 10 W, 3. c. 27. ante \ I. and also the second Line of § 30. ante. J

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Just ices of the Peace, torching any of the Matters relative to this Act, or the hereinbefore mentioned Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or, appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid, in such manner and by such means as are herein directed as to toother Penalties.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Cashier for the time being, of the Duties on Hawsers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, who shall keep a separate and diilin£l Account of the several Kates and Duties, arid pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being deducted, ) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the Duties now charged on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept in a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the f^id several Rates and Duties, mod paid into the Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid qr payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever 5 and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, and shall be fubied to all the Charges to which the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars were liable immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, molefled or prosecuted for any thing by hiiji or them done or executed in purfuanqe of this

Adj

70 W. 3. c. 27. where applicable extruded to tkis Act.

Witncflea

refilling to attend or to give Evidence.

Penalty.

Application of Duties.

General Issue.

A.D. 181d.

Act, -or of any Clause, Matter dr Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence 5 and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants; or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noufuited or Judgment (haM be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinne his, her or their Action; or be non-proffed therein 5 then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble CofU. Coils awarded to him or them againil such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Many and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Cuiloms in England. [2(1 June 1810.]

7 G. a. c. 45* ' WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 4 encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the I(le of

Man; and for the mere easy Supply of the Inhabitantj there, with a 4 certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Floury authorised 4 by an Act made in this Session % to be transported to the said IJlancL, the

4 Duties payable to His Majesty on certain Goods, Wares and Mer-

4 chandize imported into the said Isle of Man % are directed to be raised,

4 levied, collected, paid and recovered under the Authority and 4 Dircftion of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord 4 High Treasurer for the time being, and are to be paid into the 4 Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and such Part thereof as 4 shall remain, after the necessary Expences attending the said Government of the said Isle of Many and the Administration of Justice there 4 are from time to time defrayed, is reserved for the Disposition of 45 G. 3. e. 99*Parliament: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year

4 of Hi9 said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and 4 encouraging the Trade for the Improvement of the Revenue and Pre-j 4 vent ion of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man, certain Duties

4 are directed to be paid on the Importation of Wine, Brandy,

4 Geneva, Tea, Coffee and Tobacco, in lieu of the former Duties 4 payable on such Goods; and the said Duties are directed to be 4 raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted for under § 3, the Authority and Dircftion, and under the Management and

4 Controul of the Commissioners of the Cuflams in England for the 4 time being, and such Part thereof as shall remain, after the necessary 4 Expences attending the Government of the said Isle of Many and 4 the Administration of Justice there are from time to time defrayed 4 and certain Bounties and Charges paid thereout, are to go and 4 make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and it is 4 expedient that the Duties imposed by the said Acts should be coofolidated into one Act and levied and collected under the foie 4 Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, and be applied in the manner directed by the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth

A.D. 1810.

Stl

5q° geo. in C*42*

Day, of July One thousand-eight hundred and ten, all and singular the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the JJle of Man, shall cease and determine, save and except any such Duties as may, on the said Fifth Day of July remain unpaid, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall have been imported at any time before the said Fifth Day of July; and in lieu of the said Duties hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTbrs, in Sterling M^ney of Great Britain, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported and brought into the said JJle of Man, the several Duties of Customs as the same are inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule hereunto aunexed marked (A.)i any Law, Cultom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafare or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merclian-<Jiie charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon ^ny greater or less Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value thereof, than the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value particularly ipferted, described and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, according to the Account taken of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time of the Examination thereof by the proper Officer or OfHceis of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize prohibited to be imported or exported from the said Isle of Man, pr by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions, were made, established or directed, for the better fecuriwg the Revenue of Customs in the said Isle of Man or Great Britain, or for the regular Importation into the said Isle of Man of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the entering or landing thereof, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Provisious, Ciauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Farce and Effest, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the said Schedule hereunto annexed, the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the Isle of Man, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this Act shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent ot Factor, in Manner and Form following: videlicet

'« I

Duties oiv Goals imported into Hie of Man to Cease.

Other Duties.

How Duties to be paid.

Farmer A<fta it force.

How Value ot* Goods taken to afeertaiu Duties.

92

Form of Perforation of-V alue of Goods.

Fn what case

GocxU may be fei/ed.

How disposed of before Sale.

Proceeds

disposed of ai'rer Safe.

C. 42. 506 GtO. lit A.D.i8vo.-

T jf. B. do hereby declare. That the Goods mentioned in this 4 A Entry, and contained in the Packages \here /pacifying the 4 frvcral Packages, and describing the fevtrnXMarts and Numbers as 4 the Case may be], and that I am the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or, that I am duly authorized by him [<1/ the Case may beand £

4 do enter the same at the Value of

4 Witness my Hand the Day of

4 The above Declaration signed the Day of

4 in the Prefegce of

4 Collector, Comptroller or other principal Officer. Which Declaration shall be written on the Warrant of the Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or FaClor, in the Presence of Two of the proper Officers of the Cuiloms at the Port of Importation, of which the Collector shall be One, who shall certify the same under their Hands; and such Declaration, so made and signed as hereinbefore directed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes whatever of the same Force and Effe£fc, and the Importer or Proprietor bf such Goods, Wares or Merchant dize, shall be in every respect bound by such Declaration, as fully and effectually as if the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchant dize had been ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of such Itt* porter or Proprietor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if upon View or Examination of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize fey the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, it shall appear to him or them that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are not valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Iutentand Meaning of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to detain such Goods, \Vares or Merchandize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into His Majesty's Warehouse, or otherwise properly secured at the Port of Importa* tion, and to take such Goods, Wares or Merchandize for the Ufa and Benefit of the Crown, within Eight Days from the Landing thereof, and the Collector of the Cuhorns in the Port where such Goods shall be detained with the Privity of his Comptroller, is hereby empowered to pay out of any Money in his Hands, arising from the Revenue of Cuiloms to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid, together with ?n Addition of Ten Pounds ter Centum thereon, and also the Duties paid on the Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, but without any further Allowance either on account of Freight, or any other Charge or Expence whatever; which Payment shall be made within Fifteen Days after the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been so taken; and such Payment so made to the Importeror Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall.be in full Satisfaction for the same, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been regularly fold.

VI. And be it further enaClcd, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to cause the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be fairly and publickly sold to thebefl Advantage, and in case there shall be any Overplus remaining from the Produce .of such Sale, after deducting the Value so afeertaioed as aforesaid,

together

A.D. 1810.

9 %

50° GEO. III.

C. 42.

tether with the Additiaa of Ten Founds per Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation, and also the Charges arising from the Warenoufing and Sale of such Goods, the ColTcAor and Comptroller shall and may pay One Moiety of the Overplus to the (ereral and respe^ive Officers of the Customs, concerned in the View and Examination of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an ^Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of their Duty, and the Other Moiety of such Overplus, together with the Amount of the Value of such Goods fa ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum % and also of the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, shall be remitted to the Receiver General of the Customs in 1England* to be applied in like manner as if the same bad been received on account oi the Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed; but in case it shall so happen that the Produce of such Sale, after dcduAing the Charges arising from the Ware-houfing, Securing or SaW of such Goods, shall not exceed the Value of such Goods fb ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof, that then, and in such case, the whole Produce of the Sale of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after deducing the Charge arising from the Warehousing, Securing and Sale thereof, shall be remitted to the said Receiver General of the Customs in England* to be applied in like manner as if the same had been received no account of Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Customs are hereby imposed shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the same not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and

accord

may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being, or any Four or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Goods to be delivered and the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and Conditions sm under the Circurastances of the case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to dire A; Provided always that if the Importer qr Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall

a the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners Customs respectively, such Importer ox Proprietor shall not lave or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on accou.U of die Detention of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or have or maintain any AAion whatever for the same; any Law, Custom or Ubge to the contrary not with Handing.

YTIL And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties ball be paid m ready Money to the Collector or Colie Aors of the £nftoms in the said ljle of Man appointed to receive the same without any Diicount or Allowance whatever; and shall be raised* Wed* coQected, paid* recovered and accounted for under the Authority and DireAion, and under the Management and Controul ?f the (laid CornmUfioners of the Customs in England for the time bring, in like Manner and Form* and by the same Rules and Regu-bppfis, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters fed Things not hereby altered, and, as far as the Came are applicable, U the Duties, of Customs in England arc raHed, levied, collected, 8 paid,

In what case Corami flkmerf may order Goods to l>edelivered up, and Entry amended.

Duties paid te Collector, and to be under Commissioner* of Cultonw ip England.

A.D.iSiOr

Money to oe remind to Receiver General.

Consolidated

Fund.

Collector to make up Accounts of Duties, and transmit to Treasury, Duplicate to Auditor, and another to Duke oi Atkoll.

Nrglcfl.

Penalty.

Collector to keep Books.

C. 42. 50 Giio. III.

£aid, recovered and accounted for, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received under the Authority of this Act shall be remitted to the Receiver General and Caftiier of the Cultom3 in England agreeably to such Directions as may from time to time be given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and such Part thereof as shall remain, after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said JJle of Man, and the Administration of Justice there, and all other Charges, are from time to time defrayed, shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted, That thfe Collector of the Customs at the Port of Douglas in the said Ide, for the time being, shall, as soon after the Expiration of each Quarter of every Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October respectively in each Year, as the same can be done, make out an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Customs payable and arising within the said I (land in the preceding Quarter, in such Form as shall 'be directed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the time being, and shall transmit and certify fticfi Account to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being; and a Duplicate so certified to the Auditor for the time being of the Exchequer; and another Duplicate to the mod Noble John Duke of Atholly or to the Person entitled for the time being to any Annuity out of the Consolidated Fund, to be calculated on any Amount of such Duties under any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, to any Person or Persons appointed by him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to receive the same; and if any such Collector of the Customs at the said Port of Douglas shall refuse or neglect to make out such Account, or to transmit such Duplicates as aforesaid, for the Space of One Month after the same can be done, such Collector of the Customs shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each and every Month succceding such First Month, for which he^shall omit or neglect to make out such Account, or to fend such Duplicates so certified as aforesaid; and to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or in any Court in the said Island; and every such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of the said John Duke of Atholly or the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid.

XL And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept by the said Collector of the Customs at the said PoTt of Douglas, for the time being, a Book or Books in which the Duties of Customs arising and payable within the JJle of Man under this Act shall be entered separate and under distinct Heads, (pecifying the respective Amount of the Duties of Customs on the several Articles imported by Licetife of the Conunissioners. of His Mwfty's Customs m

England

50° GEO. III. C. 42.' P5

England and Scotland respectively, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize not imported by License; and if any of the said Duties, or any Part or Proportion of any such Duties,

shall at any time hereafter be repealed, altered or varied, then, and in such case, the average Produce of the Duties, or Proportion of Duties (b repealed, altered or varied, for the Three Years preceding the Fifth .Day of January immediately preceding such Repeal,

Alteratio#'or Variation of such Duties as aforesaid, shall be entered didin&ly and separately in such Book or Books as aforesaid; and if any new Duties shall be granted in lieu of any Duties so repealed, altered or varied, then, and in such case, the Duties, or such a Proportion thereof as shall be equal to any Duties so repealed, or to such Proportions of auy such Duties as shall be so altered or varied, shall

also be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books:

Provided, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons Importation of

to import, without Payment of any Cuttom or other Duty, into the otr c

said Isle of Man, in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place, any Man Daw tree?

Flax, Flax Seed, Raw or Brown Linen Yarn, Wood Ashes, Weed

Ashes, Flesh of all Sorts, and any Sort of Corn or Grain, from any

P*rt or Place (except from Great Britain only, ) and any Quantity

of Herrings not exceeding One thousand Barrels of Herrings annually

for the Consumption of the IHand, on Failure of the Fishery carried

on upon the Coast thereof; the said Herrings being imported by

virtue and in pnrfuance of License granted for that Purpose by the

House of Keys in the said Island.

XII. And be it further cna&e^* That it shall dnd may be lawful Of Linen Cloth, for any of His Majesty's Subjedh to import into the Isle of Man &c* in British Vtfilds navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of White or Brown Linen Cloth, and Hemp or Hemp Seed, being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, Horses and Black Cattle, all Utensils a % d lullruments fit and necessary to be employed in Manufactures,

Fisheries or Agriculture, Bricks and Tiles, all Sort*of young Trees,

Set Shells, Lime and Soapers' Watte, Pack Thread, and small Cordage for Nets, without Payment of any Custom or Duty what-foeter for the same.

XllL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Of Salt, 8cq* for any of His Majesty's Subjects to import into the said Isle of Man in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Cuttom or Duty whatsoever, any Sort of Salt, Boards, Timber and Hoops, being the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, Iron in Rods or Bars,

Cotton, Indigo, Naval Stores and, any Sort of Wood, commonly oiled Lumber (as specified in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, . An Act for giving G.i.c. is. further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein mentioned), of theGrowth, Production or Manufacture of auy British Colony or Plantation in America, and all other Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Colonies or Plantations for which any Bounty or Premium is allowed by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain j provided that due Entries shall be made of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned, which are allowed to be imported into the said Isle of Man, Duty-free, at the Cuttom House for the Port or Place where the lame shall*5 be

9s

limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

Treble Costs.

c.42. 500 Geo. 111. A.D. 1810.

be imported, fcxprcfling the Quantity and Qualities of such Good* in the usual manner, before landing thereof, and the same shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs for that Purpose; on Failure whereof the said Goods shall be charged with the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem; any thingiu this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced ajrainst any Person or Personi for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (nail have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Case* to recover Costs by Law.

SCHEDULE to which this A & refers.

Schedule (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into the Ille of Man of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

Coals, from Great Britain or Ireland, per Chaldron, Winchester Measure Coffee, from Great Britain, under any Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Deal Boards, from Foreign Parts, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. and 20 G. 3. c, 42.1

Hemp, the like - .

Hops, from Great Britain, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3.C.99.]

Iron, from Foreign Parts, for every £\oo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 43. and ao G. 3. c. 42.] Spirits, via. Foreign Brandy, imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the Commissioners of Customs in England or Scotland, the Gallon [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

---- Foreign Geneva, imported from any Port or

Place whatever, under any Licence frofn the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, the Gallon £45 G. 3. c. 99.]

£. s. (L 003

0 0 4

10 0 0

10 0 0

0 0

10 0 0

030

030

Spirits,

50° GEO. IH.

97

C. 4*>43-

Spirits, Foreign RdAkhe 1 N. B. OlflBfcd ir

like

in 45 G. 3. c. 99. Former Acts 7*G. 3.C. 45. 20 G. 3. c. 42. and

31 G. 3. C. 28.

Tea, to Bohea Tea, the like, for every lb. Weight

£45 G. 3. c. 99.]

- — (men Tea, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Tobacco, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Timber from Foreign Parts, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. and 20 G. 3. c.42.]

Wine, viz. French Win* Imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the CommifHoners of the Customs in England or Scotland, the Tun containi.ig 252 Gallons [43 G. 3. c. 99.] -

...of any other Sort so imported under Licence,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons [45 G. 3.

c 99-] - ' f "

Goods, Wares and Merchandize not hereinbefore particularly enumerated, which are or may be entitled to any Bounty or Drawback of Excise in Great Britain, and which shall be imported from thence, for every £100 of the Value thereof C7G.3. c. 45.]

— ..... ..... not hereinbefore

charged with Duty, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45.]

—— ---- ---- -- not hereinbefore

charged with Duty, imported from any Port or Place from whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the Ifleof Man [7 G. 3. c. 45.]

£ /

O 2 0

0 0 6 OIO 0 0 6

IO Q ©

16 Q Q 12 0 0

5 o-o 2 10 0

15 O Q

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[ad June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of

the Reign of His present .Majesty, intituled, An Act for 43 G. 3. e. so. 4 granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty theufand Pounds, to 4 be ijfntd and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges 4 in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of 4 Land in Scotland to charge their Ejtatcs with a Proportion of the 4 Ex pence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the 4 Highlands of Scotland: And whereas various Grants of Money 4 have been since made and issued to the Commissionera therein named,

for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas many Roads and

Bridges have been made and built pursuant to the said recited Act,

and others are in the course of being made and built; and it is

further necessary to provide effectual and adequate means for main-

50 Geo. III. II tainifig

A.D. 181 o.

9*

In what case Conmiiflioiiers of Supply to determine what Piftri£fc (hull bear Expence of Repairs.

Appeal.

Troviso.

State of Roads, S<c. Eftimaie of Expence, &c. to be laid l>cfore CouuuiiHoiiers.

AflVffment on hand Owners.

C. 43. 50° GEO. III.

tainingand keeping the same in perpetual Repair ; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted^Abd be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by anc^|ph the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply iu any County wh.hin which any Road or Bridge hasalready been made or built purfriant to the said recited^ Act, to fdfcle and determine cither at the next Annual Meeting after the passing of this Act, at which they shall assemble to assess the Land Tax, or at such Annual Meeting in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, what Part or District, Parts or Districts of the County shall bear or defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping each such Road or Bridge in Repair, and where any Road or Bridge shall be made or built purfuaut to the said recited Act, in any County after the paffingr of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of such County, at some Annual Meeting at which they shall assemble, to assess the Land Tax, which shall be held within Two Years after such Road or Bridge shall be completed, to settle and determine what Part or District, Parts or Districts of the County shall bear and defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping such Road or Bridge in repair: Provided, that after any such Determination shall have been once made, the same shall not be altered: And provided also, that if the said Commissioners of Supply shall not so settle and determine the Part or District, Parts or Districts of the County by which such Road or Bridge is to be maintained and kept in repair, the same shall be maintained and kept in repair at the Expence of the County at large.

II. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves. aggrieved by any such Determination of the said Commissioners of Supply, It shall and may be lawful for any such Person or Persons, within Three Months after any such Determination, to appeal against the same to either DiviGon of the Court of Session, and the Dcciiion of such DiviGon thereupon shall be Gnal and conclusive without being subject to any further Review whatever: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any such Person or Persons, if they think proper to appeal in the flrft Instance to the Sheriff of the County, whose Sentence may be brought under the Review of either DiviGon of the Court of Session, and the DeciGon of such DiviGon thereupon shall be Gnal and conclusive as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of every County in which any Road or Bridge shall have been or shall be made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to order and direct every such Road or Bridge to be placed under the Superintendance hereinafter prescribed; and a Report of the State thereof, with an Estimate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping thfc same in Repair for the succceding Year, to be laid before them at each aunual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax.

IV. And be it enacted, That at such Aunual Meeting such Commissioners of Supply shall make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Liferenter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the dominium utile thereof in any such County, or Part or District, or

Peru

A.D. 1810.

99

50° GEO. III.

43-

Parts or Di finds of such County, as the case may be, rateably and proportionably, according to the Amount of their respective valued Rents, for such Sum and Sums of Money as from such Reports and Estimates shall appear to be necessary for maintaining and keeping every such Road and Bridge in repair: Provided always, that such Assessment shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of valued Rent.

V. jpd be it enacted, that every such Assessment shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the same manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commissioners of Supply shall direct; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of ever)' such Assessment which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every such Collector shall find Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be recovered by him pursuant to this Act, in the same manner that such Collector does for his faithful and true accounting and jpaying all Sums of Money received by him as Collector of the Land

VI. And be it enacted, That every such Collector shall, from time to time, pay all Sums of Money received by him pursuant to this Act into the Hands of such Bank or Banking Company as the said Commissioners of Supply shall as they are hereby required to direct, f upon an Account to be opened for the Purposes of this Assessment, at such Rate of Interest as shall be allowed by such Banking Company, which Interest, so allowed, shall be applied with the said Assessment for the Purposes of this Act; and if any such Collector of the Land Tax shall at any time keep in his Hands for the Space of more than Fourteen Days a larger Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling of Money received by him pursuant to this Act, or shall Fail to render an Account thereof when required, such Collector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds Sterling, besides the Interest which might have been received from the said Banking Company had the said Money been duly deposited in Terras of this Act, to be recovered with Expences of Process, by way of Summary Complaint at the Instance of any Heritor in any such County, before any Two or more of His Majesty's Just ices of the Peace of the said County; One Half of which Sum shall go to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Other Half to the Person or persons suing for the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Collector may retain for his own Use out of all Monies to be To received as aforesaid, such Allowance as such Commissioners of Supply shall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Pxovision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment difeded to be made pursuant to this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such*Commissioners of Supply to appoint a Committee consisting of any

Three or more of their Number, to superintend the maintaining and keeping in repair any such Road or Bridge, or Roads or Bridges, and which Committee of Superintendance shall be empowered by

Ha such

Collector of Land Tax to levy Assessment.

f

Assessment to be paid into a Bank.

ftfe.

Collector keeping Money iu hand, &c.

Penalty.

Collector may retain Allowance.

Committee of Superintendance.

A.D. 1810.

loo

c.43.

50° GEO. III.

To rqxnt an-umllv.

Roads and Bridges fur-veyed.

Appcintm Uiiicers. cnt of

t umm'idioners of Supply ne-feting Repair*

R*m?dv.

Aflcfiment to l*e made for Sum nev^flary.

such Commissioners to draw upon the Banking Company with whom the Money arising from any such Assessment shall have been lodged as aforesaid, for the Money requisite for maintaining and repairing the Road or Bridge, or the Roads or Bridges, the Su perm tendance of which shall have been committed to their Charge, to such extent, in such manner, and subject to such Conditions, Rules and Regulations, as such Commissioners of Supply shall, from time to time, think proper to prescribe.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Committee of Superin. tendance shall lay a Report of their Proceedings each Year before the annual Meeting of such Commissioners assembled to assess the Land Tax.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioner9 of Supply to order any such Road or Bridge to be surveyed as often as it shall appear necessary, by any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, and to order a Report of the State thereof, with or without an Eftlmate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping the same in Repair, to be laid before them at the said Annual Meeting, and if necessary, to make a further Afieflmeat, and to give such Orders and Directions thereupon as the Circumstances of the case may require.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply at the annual Meeting aforesaid to appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and such Officers as they shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act, with such Salaries or Allowances as such Commissioners of Supply shall think fit, for which Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment made pursuant to this Act; and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall fee oceafton, and to appoint others in cases of Removal, Resignation or Death.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any such Road or Bridge shall not be maintained and kept in proper Repair, it shall be lawful ftor any Heritor possessing the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in any such County, or any Five or more Heritors in any adjoining County, possessing each the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to apply by summary Petition and Complaint, {fating the Circumstances, to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any such County, or to the Court of Session, which Petition and Complaint shall be served upon the Clerk of Supply and the Convener of such County, in the manner in which summary Complaints are ordered to be served by Sheriffs io Scotland, or by the Court of Session, if the Complaint shall be presented to that Court; and such Sheriff or Court shall thereafter, on advising the said Complaint, with or without Answers, proceed to ascertain the State of such Road or Bridge, and the Amount of the Sum required to repair the same* and shall be and the said Sheriff or Court of Session are hereby authorized and empowered to decern against the Commissioners of the said County, in proportion to their valued Rents, for the Sum which shall be judged necessary for repairing the said Road or Bridge, with Expences of Process.

XIII. And be it enacted, That an Assessment in the manner directed by this Act shall thereupon be made by the Commissioners

of

AD.iSxo,

50° GEO. III.

C* 43> 44*

lot

of Supply upon the County or the Part or Difirid, Parts or Districts thereof, liable to maintain such Road or Bridge in repair, as the case may be, for the Amount of the Sums so decerned for, either at their (kid next annual Meeting, or at a Meeting to be called for this special Purpose, upon Advertisement published in at lead One Newspaper printed or circulated in the County at lead Fourteen Days before such special Meeting, and every such Act'effinent shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax, and when levied

and recovered shall be deposited with a Banking Company in the manner m which the aforesaid Assessment directed by this Act it ordered to be levied and recovered and deposited; and all the Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures hereby given and granted for levying recovering and depositing the aforesaid Assessment directed by this Act, are hereby given and granted, and directed to be enforced for the levying recovering and depositing such Assessment for such Sums so decerned for.

XIV. And be it enacted, That where any Bridge which shall have U°'v Brief#* been or may be built pursuant to the said recited Act, shall be

situated partly in One. County and partly in another, every such .a^, ^, €3I"din' Bridge shall be placed under the Supenntendaoce directed by this Act of the Committee of each County wherein the same is situated, and the same shall be maintained and kept in repair in the manner directed by this Act, at the joint Expence of such Counties.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where, by any Ad Application or Acts already made or hereafter to be made, any Toll Duties shall loth.

be applicable, or where any Conversions for Statute Labour shall be allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties or such Convcrlions shall and may be applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applie d by any such Act or Acts respectively; and m making any Assessment pursuant to this Act, regard shall be had to all such Monies which are or may be applicable to the Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any such Assessment is to be made.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuntioit to the Officers of Excise in Scotland, under certain Rdtric-tions. [2d June iBio.j

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for a durable Allowance 49G.3.C. 06. ' of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise under certain Restrictions :

And whereas the Allowance of Superannuation thereby made, was*provided only for the Officers of Excise in England; hut it is ex- pedient to make a similar Provision for an Allowance of Superamui- ation to the Officers of Excise in Scotland May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confirm of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembh d, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the patting of this Act, it (hull and mny be lawful All man*y to and for the Lords CommuTioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or : r

H 3'a»y

102

AJ).i8 io.

And to Officers &x. incapable by Accidents.

Conditions of Allowances.

C. 44, 45. 50° GEO. III.

any Three or more of them for the time being, by Warrant under their Hande to grant and allow out of the Revenue of Excise of .Scotland, to any Officer or other Person who shall have been employed in the said Revenue for and during the Space of Ten Years at the lead, and who shall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which shall have been received by fuen Officer or other Person during the whole Period of Seven Years preceding the Resignation of such Officer or other Person.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them (or the time being, to grant and allow, out of the said Revenue of Excise, to any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who, by Accident met with in the Execution of his Duty, shall be rendered totally incapable of performing the same, not with (landing such Officer or other Person may not have been employed in the Revenue of Excise the full time before mentioned, a Peufion, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly Salary actually received by or payable to such Officer or other Person, at the time when such Officer or other Person shall have met with the Accident, by which he shall have been so rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize or empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant or allow any Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excise to any Officer or other Person whatever under the Rank of a Commissioner of Excise, until it shall have been certified to the said Lords Commissioners under the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the time being, that such Officer or other Person claiming or soliciting any such Pcr.fion, Annuity or yearly Payment as aforesaid, on the Ground of Age or Infirmity, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of such his Office or Station, and thatr he has been employed in the Service of the said Revenue at lead Ten Years, and what yearly Salary such Officer or other Person shall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that such Officer or other Person had, during his Employment, supported the Character of having faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office or Station, or, in case of Accident as aforesaid, that such Officer or other Person has been by such Accident rendered totally unable to execute or perform the Duty of such his Office or Station; any thing in this Act to the contrary not with (landing.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for raising the Sum ef Twelve Millions by way of Annuities. [2d June 1810.]

CAP.

AJ).1810. 50 GEG. III. 0, 46. ict

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for encouraging the Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland. [pth June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Consumption of Bounty ton* Malt Liquor in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conicnt of the' »

Lords Spiritual an<l Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall be made appear in manner hereinafter mentioned, that any Person in Ireland licensed to fell Spiiiruou: . Liquors, AVine, Beer,

Ale and Cyder by Retail, lias sold by Retail within the Quarter of a Year preceding, in or at the Ilouf* or Iloufcs wherein such Persons shall have been so licensed, Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, (bought by him at a Price not less than Thirty Shillings for every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons over and above all Allowances and Deductions whatever) in the Proportion of not less than One such Barrel of Strong (Beer, Ale or Porter, for every Four Gallons of Spirituous Liquors fold therein or therefrom during such Quarter of a Year, every such Retailer shall be entitled to and shall receive in manner hereinafter mentioned, a Bounty after the Rate of Three Shillings and Four pence for every such Barrel of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter so sold by Retail as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every licensed Retailer who Account ficnnl shall claim any Bounty for the Sale of Brer, Ale or Porter, under 1 y Brewer < > U this Act, shall within Seven Days after the respective Quarters 10

ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and also within Seven Days after the respective Quarters ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the twenty fourth Day of Juney the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, in each and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, deliver to the Officer keeping an Account of the Stock of such Retailer, to be by him delivered ver to the Collector of the District, an Account signed by each Brewer or other Person or Performs respectively from whom such Retailer shall have purchased any Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, which shall have been sent into the Stock of such Retailer in the Course of such Quarter; and every such Account shall specify the Quantity and Price over and above all Allowances and Deductions of all such Beer, Ale or Porter, and the several Kinds thereof fold and delivered by any and every such Brewer or other Person to such Retailer, and the Date when every Barrel or other Vessel containing the same was so delivered; and every such Retailer shall at the same time deliver to such Officer an Account Hating the Quantity of such Beer, Ale or Porter, and of Spirituous Liquors sold by Retail by such Retailor within such Quarter, and the Stock thereof remaining unfold on the last Day of such Quarter, the Truth of all or any of which several Accounts shall, if required by the Collector of Excise, be verified by the Affidavit or Examination upon Oath of such Brewers or Oaili.

Sellers of Beer and by such Retailers respectively, which Oath every such ColleCIor is hereby authorized to administer.

III. And be it further enaChed, That it shall be lawful for the QUHntlrv A-Officer of Excise keeping an Account of the Stock of Spirituous spmt* V 1.1 l ow

H Liquors* 4*: vii«riwd-

i©4

C.4&

So° GEO. III.

A.D. 181#.

Liquors, Beer, Ale and Porter contained in any House, Warehouse, Shop or other Place of any such Retailer, to examine, as often as he shall deem it necessary, the Stock of Strong Beer, Afe or Porter, «|d the Stock of Spirits belonging to such Retailer, and the Increase and Decrease, and the Quantities thereof; and such Officer shall, at the time when he shall deliver to the Collector the Accounts received by 0. him as aforesaid from any Retailer, deliver also to such Collector aa

Account of all Spirits which he shall have entered as received by such Retailer during the Quarter, with the Stock remaining on Hand; and the Decrease which shall appear in such Spirits during the Quarter, upon deducing the Quantity in Stock at the End of such Quarter from the total Amount of the Stock at the Commencement thereof, and of Spirits received during the Quarter, shall be con* fidered to be the Quantity of Spirits sold by Retail during such Quarter, and the Collector shall proceed without any unnecessary Delay, after ascertaining the Quantities of Spirits fold, to determine the Proportion which the Strong Beer, Ale or Porter bears to the Spirits fold within such Quarter; and if on such Determination it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits fold in any such Quarter shall exceed the Proportion of Four Gallons of Spirits td every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, or if the Stock of Spirits included in such Account, shall not appear to have been or to be fully and fairly protected by legal Permit or Retailer refuting Certificate, or if any such Retailer shall refuse to be examined upon to be examined. Oath by such Collector in manner herein enacted, such Retailer shall not be entitled to receive the Bounty aforesaid; but if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits so loid shall not exceed such Proportions aforesaid, and the whole of such Spirits shall be so pro-Certificate. te&ed, such Collector shall give to such Retailer a Certificate uuder his Hand of the Amount of the Spirituous Liquors, Strong Beer, Ale and Porter so sold by Retail by such Retailer within the Quarter preceding, ending on the Days respectively before mentioned, and of

Aetnmit nf Hminf v navaKIp R afp nf Thrp<» (hilltners and

Bounty.

In what case Collector may refute Certificate.

the Atiount of Bounty payable after the Rate of Three shillings and Four peace per Barrel to such Retailer by virtue of this A &; and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required, in case they shall be satislied of the Truth of such Certificate, forthwith to pay or cause to be paid, out of any Revenues under their Management, such Bounty to such Retailer or to any Person whom such Retailer shall by Indorsement on such Certificate authorize to receive the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Collector shall fee cause to suspect that more Spirits have been sold by Retail by any such Retailer than shall appear by such Accounts, or that such Retailer has included in his Accounts any Beer not sold by him by Retail, or sold by him otherwise than by Retail, it shall be lawful f r such Cclltdlor to make such Enquiries as to the same, as such Collector shall think fit and proper, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Enquiries by the Oath of such Retailer, or by the Oath or Oaths of any other Person or Persons; and if such Col-lcdlor shall be (atisfied that Spirits have been sold by such Retailer jn a greater Proportion than Four Gallons of Spirits for every Barrel of Beer, or that any Beer included in the Account of such Retailer was not sold by him by Retail, or was sold by him otherwise tba?

4 t>y

A.D.iSro.

50° GEO. III.

C. 46, xoj

by Retail, it shall be lawful for such Collector and he is hereby required to refuse to grant any Certificate to such Retailer, and such Rafter shall not be entitled to any Bounty under this Act.

^H\od be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissionew for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three Xtions of them, from time to time to make such further and other Rules,

Orders and Regulations with respect to the Payment of the Bounties Bounty.

shall think fitting and expedient: Provided always, that such Rules,

Orders and Regulations shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being;

2nd all such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when lb made and approved, shall be obeyed and complied with by all Persons claiming such Bounties, and that no such Bounties shall be paid to any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to comply with such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when so made and approved in manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person licensed to Brewers to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer for Sale, in Ireland, deliver Quarerty shall, within Twenty one Days after the Quarter ending on the , of

Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, °*1Q1W

and in like manner within Twenty one Days next after the Quarter ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and.eleven, and within Twenty one Days after the like Quarter Days in each and every Year after the passing of this Act, make out and deliver at the Excise Office of the District within which such Brewer shall be liceiifed, a full and true Account in such Form as Ihail be directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, iu Ire-Lady dating the total Quantity of Strong Beer, Ale, Porter % nd Small Beer respectively (old within the Quarter preceding ending on each of the Days aforesaid by such Brewer, and delivered or con-signed to each and every Person whatsoever in Ireland, or for Exportation, Jto whom such Brewer or other Person shall have fold strong Beer, Ale, Porter or Small Beer within such Quarter, distinguisfiing the Names, Places of Residence, Trade and Profession of every Per-fun to whom such Beer shall have been so fold and delivered or consigned, the Price of all such Beer, Ale and Porter respectively* which shall have been sold to Retailers; and if such Persons to whom such Beer shall be so fold shall live in any City or Town in Ire-Lad, the Street, Square, Lane or Place in which such Person shall reside, and such Brewer, or some Clerk or Manager of fu«h Brewer to be appointed by him for that Purpose, shall make Oath or Affir-- Oith. mstion (in cale of a known Quaker) to the Truth of every such Account, before the Collector ol Excise of the said District, if thereunto required by such Collector; and if any such Accounts shall not be delivered within the said Space of Twenty oneDay3 after the Time of Delivery. End of any Quarter ending on the Days before mentioned, or shall not be sworn or affirmed to, if required, the Brewer by whom or on whole Behalf, such Account ought to have been delivered or sworn, m affirmed to as aforesaid, shall foifeit the Sum of fifty Pounds: Penalty. Provided always, that whenever any such Brewer shall appoint any.

A.D. 1810.

io6

C. 46, 47.

50° GEO. III.

Clerk or Manager to make any such Oath or Affirmation, such Appointment shall be in Writing and signed by such Brewer, and delivered to the Collector of Excise of the District, and no Cle^or Manager of such Brewer not so appointed shall be admitted to Wake any such Oath or Affirmation 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Feijury. VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall in any

Affidavit or Affirmation required to be made by this Act swear or affirm falsely, every such Person shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury according to the Laws in force in Ireland, and shall also forfeit all such Bounty and Bounties, and Sum and Sums of Money, as such Person or Persons would have been entitled unto in consequence of any such Affidavit or Affirmation, in case the Came had been true.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act: to extend and amend the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors, detained in Prison in Ireland. [9th June 1810.]

37 G-3- 4 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in

(I.) c. 36. § 1.«y, the thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent 4 Debtors detained in Prison, it is, amongst other things, enacted,That a Prisoner arrested on Mesne Process, in order to obtain the 4 Benefit of said Act, mud, before the End of the first Term which 4 shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be committed under 4 Mesne Process, exhibit his Petition for Relief: And whereas it is 4 reasonable that every detaining Creditor or Creditors* Debts or 4 Demands should be ascertained by Verdict or Judgment before a 4 Pfhoner shall be obliged to give up his Property under the Provisions of said Act: And whereas Plaintiffs are not obliged by the Law or the Practice of the Courts in Ireland, either to file 4 Declarations against Persons in Prison there on Mesne Process at 4 their Suit, or to proceed to Trial or Judgment at any determinate 4 time, unless compelled by such Prisoners to declare or go to Trial at 4 considerable Expences to such Prisoners; by reason whereof and of 4 their Inability to defray the same, many Prisoners have remained 4 forseveral Years confined under Mesne Process only: And whereas 4 Prisoners confined for Debt in Ireland are obliged to defend by 4 Attorney, when Prisoners confined for Debt in England may 4 defend in Person: And whereas there are no Liberties or Day 4 Rules allowed to Prisoners confined for Debt in the Four Courts 4 Marffialfea Prison in Dublin, similar to those enjoyed by Prisoners 4 confined for Debt in the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons in 4 England And whereas it is expedient to extend and assimilate the 32 C. Q.c. 28. Act to the Act commonly called the Lords Ad, in England, as also the Law, Practice and Liberties, in regard to Prisoners cou-fined for Debt in Ireland, with the Law, Practice and Liberties, 'in respect to Persons confined for Debt in England, in the Matters aforesaid, which if adopted may in a great Measure supersede the Necessity of frequent Insolvent Acts for Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice

A.D-1810.

107

5o' GEO. III. C.47.

Advice and Content of the Lords' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th* Aottprity of the same, That so much of the said Act for Relief and maintenance of Insolvent Debtors, as limits Prisoners confined on Mesne Process to exhibit their Petition for Relief before the End of the first Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be committed under Mesne Process, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where a Debtor is or (lull be a: relied, detained or charged m Custody by Mesne Process iifumg out of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Ireland % and the Plaintiff shall neglect to cause a Declaration against such Debtor to be delivered to such Debtor or to the Marlhal of the So.ir Courts Marshalsea, or his Deputy, or to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or Prison where such Debtor is or shall be detained or charged in Custody, within Eight Days of the next Term after the Return of the Process by virtue whereof such Debtor is or shall be taken, detained or charged in Custody, or within Twenty one Days after the passing of this Act, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody by Order of the said Court, or a Judge of the said Court out of which said Process issued; and in case of a Commitment or Surrender to' the Marshal in discharge of Bail after the Return of the Process and before a Declaration to be delivered as aforesaid, urJefs a Declaration be delivered to such Debtor within the first Eight Days of the Term next after such Commitment or Surrender shall be made, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That in all cases where a Declaration shall be filed against such Debtor in manner aforesaid, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody by Order of the Court out of which such Process issued, or by Order of a Judge of the said Court, unless the Plaintiff shall proceed to Trial or Judgment before the End of the first Eight Days of the Third Term after such Declaration shall be delivered, the Term in which such Declaration shall be delivered to be counted as one; but in case the Venue shall be laid in the County of the City of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, that then, and in that case, the Plaintiff shall proceed to Trial or Judgment within the Term next after the Delivery of such Declaration or in the Sittings after such Term: othenvile that such Prisoner shall be discharged in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further ena<Pied, That in all Cases where the Plaintiff has obtained a Verdict or Judgment ngainst any Prisoner, Inch Plaintiff shall charge such Prisoner in Execution within the First Eight Days of the next Term after the obtaining such Verdict. or Judgment; and in case of Failure in so doing such Prisoner shall be discharged in maimer aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Prisoner charged in Execution may, hefore the End of the first Term which shall he next after such Prisoner shall be charged in Execution, exhibit a Petition to any Court of Law, from which such Process issued, or by the Authority of which such Prisoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus into the Custody of the Marshal of the Four Courts M<?r(balsea, for the Benefit of the said Maintenance Ad; any thing in

V O. 3- (L) c. ; i6.^1 re-jiealed.

Within what lime Declara-1 ions to he delivered;

and Trial had.

Guurging Prisoners in Execution.

Application for Maintenance.

A.D. 1810.

xo8

Debts not to exceed 5001.

When Prisoner* mxy petition for Difclutrge.

Qhje£\ions to Discharge how made.

Weekly AJRo^-aw e to Prisoners Cm icafed.

Cofifjne: nefit of Vrii'oners recci\-

ing Weekly Allot* ance.

C.47. 50° GEO. III.

the said A d to the contrary not with danding: Provided the Amount of his or her Debts for which he or she shall be detained in Custody shall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VL And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner who shall be charged in Execution in any Prison or Gaol in Ireland\ for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and who shall be willing to satisfy their respective Creditors as in and by the said Act is directed, may, before the End of the Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be charged in Execution, or within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, exhibit his or her Petition to the Court out of which such Process issued, or by the Authority of which such Prisoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus, into the Custody of the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, or rendered in discharge of his or her Bail for the Benefit of the said Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Testimony upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, besides the Testimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Obiedions, or other legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law; and that no Person, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions against a Prisoner previous to the making such Objections, shall be permitted to oppose the Discharge of any Prisoner seeking Relief under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Prisoner shall be remanded at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay such Prisoner the Weekly Sum of Three Shillings and Ten pence for his or her Maintenance, instead of the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence allowed by the said Act, and under the same Terms, Conditions and Cl^uses, as are in and by the said Act directed, in regard to the Payment of Two Shillings and Four pence a Week therein mentioned; and also that the said Sura of Three Shillings and Ten pence shall be paid to every such Prisoner, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on the Monday of each Week, or iu failure thereof the Marshal of the Four Courts Marffialsea, and any One Alderman or other Justice of the Peace for the City of Dublin, oo Affidavit of the Deputy Marshal or Henchman belonging to said Marshalsea, which Oath every such Alderman or Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the Neglect or Failure of the Payment of the said Weekly Sum, shall and is hereby required to discharge the said Prisoner; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Creditor causing a Prisoner to be remanded on merely an Undertaking to pay the said Weekly Sum, shall have Power to detain the said Prisoner in Confinement longer than Three Terms, but that the said Prisoner may, on the last Day of the said Term that such Maintenance shall have been paid to him or her, produce to the Court from whence he or she shall have been committed, a Certificate of his or her having been detained by the Payment of the said Weekly Sum, figiu-d (ana verified on Oath if required) by the Marshal or his Deputy, and be discharged by the Court from same.

X. And

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 47.

109

1 X. And whereas Prisoners are often remanded at the Instance Allowance t*>

of Attornies employed against them, alledging that the Plaintiffs

4 lire in a remote Part of the Kingdom, and that they had not Sicmtionof Attime to communicate with said Plaintiffs ; Be it therefore enacted, torn*.

That in all such cases where the Court shall think fit to remand the Prfoner, the said Attorney shall deposit with the Marshal a Sum of Money fufEcient to pay the Prisoner One Shilling per Day for his or her Maintenance, until he or {he shall be again brought up to receive the Judgment or Decision of the said Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing in this Act Attornies Le.

shall be construed to extend to the Release or Discharge of any embezzling. Attormes or Servants embezzling Money, except where any fuen Person shall have been confined in Prison Ten Years.

XII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Prisoners for 4 Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts, for not paying Money Contempt.

ordered or awarded to be paid, and alto for not paying of Costs ' duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after 4 proper Demands made for that Puipose, and also upon the Writ 4 of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Process for or grounded on the

Non-payment of Money, Costs or Expences, in some Cause or

Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such 4 Court relating thereto it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act,

in like manner as herein is expressed and declared with respect to

Prisoners for Debt only.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner confined for Debt in Ireland, may plead and defend in his proper Person without Attorney.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor shall Prisoners not have neglected to take the Benefit of the said Act within the time !?vinj? lafken.limited by the said Act, and shall make it appear to the Cotnt out of lt° rec, U which such Execution issued, that such Neglect arose from Ignorance

or Mistake, such Debtor shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, as if he or (hr had petitioned for the Benefit of the said Act within the time by the said Act limited; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Gaolers t»

Prisons in Ireland shall and they are hereby directed and required to l*rifoners

give notice of this Act to all Prisoners in their Custody for Debt, 0

within Three Days after such Prisoners shall have been respectively

committed or charged in Execution; and if any Gaoler or Keeper

of a Prison in Ireland shall neglect to give such Notice, he shall

forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of

Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by him or her by Action of Debt in Penalty.

any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland; and in every such

Action the Proof shall lie on the Person against whom the same shall

he brought 5 Provided nevertheless that such Action shall be brought Limitation wf

within Twelve Calendar Months after the Cause of Action incurred. Action.

Prisoners may defend in Person.

no

A.D. 1810.

18 G. 3. c. $7. 30 G. 3. c. 36.

46 G. 3. c. 136.

repealed.

Number of Out fuie I'aficngcrc, &c.

ProvLfo.

Long Coaches.

c.48. 50° GEO. III.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to repeal Three AGs, made in the Twenty eighth1* Thirtieth and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into EffeG. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty eighth Yearof 1 XX the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ' limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage

Coaches or other Carriages: And whereas another Act was passed c in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

alter, explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Tear of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the 1 Number of Persons to be carried on the outside of Stage Coaches or

other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and ' Guards thereof: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 1 to alter and amend two A3s made in the Twenty eighth and Thirtieth 1 Tears of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to ' be carried on the outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and

regulating the Conduct of the Drivers thereof; And whereas the

Regulations and Penalties established and imposed by the said

recited Acts have proved inefficient to answer the useful and im-€ portant Purposes thereby intended; and it is expedient to repeal

the same, and to enact other ProviGons and Regulations for carrying

theObjcds of the said Acts intoEfFed: May it therefore pieafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts shall be and the fume are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calash, Chaise Marine, or other Carriage with Four or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same is or shall hereafter be called or known, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, and drawn by Four or more Horses, shall be allowed to carry' Ten Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard, where there is a Guard with such Coach or other Carriage; and that One Passenger and no more shall be allowed to fit upon the Boxl with the Coachman, and Three of -fuch Passengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind, in the manner the most safe and convenient for the said Passengers: Provided always, that no such Passenger or Passengers shall be allowed to fit on the Luggage, or that Part of the Roof allotted for the same; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above described, drawn by Two or Three Horses, shall be allowed Five Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman; and that all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double-bodied

5 Coaches, j

I

AJD.i8ro.

in

50° GEO. III. C. 48.

Coaches, shall be permitted to carry Eight Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard, ' where there is a Guard with such Coach, under such Fines or Penalties as are by this Act imposed, in Cases where more Outside Passengers are carried than are allowed by this Act; such Fines and Penalties to be imposed and levied upon the Owner or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, or any One or more of them, or any Person driving the same, in the manner after mentioned: Provided always, that no Child in the Lap, or under Seven Years of Age, shall be included in or counted as One of such Number, unless there shall be more than One; and if more than One, that Two of such Children shall be accounted equal to One grown Person, and so on in the same Proportion; and that no Person paying as an Outside Passenger shall be permitted to fit or remain as an Inside Passenger, unless with the Consent of One of the Inside Passengers at the least conveyed by such Coach or other Carriage, and next to whom such Outside Passenger shall be placed: and provided also, that where such Coach or other Carriage is of a Construction peculiarly wide or commodious, and being so found shall be duly licensed for that Purpose, Four Outside Passengers in (lead of Three shall be allowed to fit on the Front of such Coach or other Carriage: Provided always, that the Number of Outside Passengers shall not exceed Ten in all.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, to permit or suffer in any manner or way any Luggage to be carried on the Roof of any such Coach or other Carriage, or any Person to ride or go as an Outside Passenger cn or about the Outside of any such Coach or other Carriage, the Top of which shall be more than Eight Feet Nine Inches from the Ground, or the Bearing of which on the Ground shall be less than Four Feet Six Inches from the Centre of the Track of the Right or Off Wheel, to the Centre of the Track of the Left or Near Wheel, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as any Penalty 10» more Outside Paffeugers than are allowed by this Act can be recovered and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafllng of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, to carry or permit or suffer any Parcel or Pareels, or Luggage whatever, exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, drawn by Four or iriore Horses; and where Carriages are drawn by Two or Three Horses, then such Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof; and every such Driver so offending, and any Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach or other Carriage, where such Driver is sot known or ^annot be found, being convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Consession, the View of a Just ice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace or ther Magistrate acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town,

Divifioa

Penalties.

Children*

Outside Taflen-gers fitting iutide*

Front.

Height and Bearing of Coach.

Penalty.

Luggage exceeding a certain Height.

tlfc

C« 48*

50* GEO. ML

A.D. 1810«

Penalty.

Penalty.

Division or Place where any Offence shall be committed, (which Oath every such Justice or other Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Inch above the Space of Two Feet or of Eighteen Inches respectively above allowed; and in case the Driver so offending shall be the Owner of such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for evfcry Inch above the Spaces respectively above allowed; and in default of Payment of the said Penalties respectively, the Person and Persons so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Two Months Piflfencm fitting unless such Penalties shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that all

oa Packages. Ftnalty.

Place for Luggage fepamte.

Mea Curing Luggage.

Penalty.

Hn.rlx of Luggage JHOl.itf-tioua!.

Number of Passengers permitted specified in lliccuce;

Packages hereinbefore described, shall be so placed on the Roof of such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, as that no Passenger or Passengers shall fit thereon, under the Penalty of Fifty Shiuings for each Offence; to be paid by such Passenger or Passengers respectively, and to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act, and that the Division or Space on the Top of the Coach or other Carriage aforesaid allotted for Luggage, shall be diftindtiy separated from the other Part of the Top of such Coach or other Carriage, by some Railing or otherwise 5 and in case any such Driver or Owner or Part Owner, when required so to do, shall refuse to permit the said Carriage and Luggage to be measured by any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Constable, Surveyor of any Highway or Turnpike Road, Inspedfcor of Coaches duly authorized by the Com mi (boners of Stamps or Passenger, he shall forfeit the like Penalty, to be recovered and applied in the manner hereinafter specifiad.

V. And whereas it is expedient to lower the present Height of Stage Coaches, in which case a greater Height of Luggage than Two Feet might be safely permitted to be carried on the Outside thereof; Be it therefore enabled, That it shall be lawful* to carry any Luggage, Parcel or other Package in manner hereinbefore provided for, on the Roof of any Coach or other Carriage above described of a greater Height titan Two Feet; Provided such Luggage, Parcel or other Package be not a greater Height from the Ground, including the Height of such Coach, than Ten Feet Nine Inches.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every Licence to betaken out by any Person who shall keep any Carriage, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or other Carnage above described, for the rurpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, shall be specified the Number of Outlide Passengers to be carried on or about the Outside of such Coach or Other Carriage above described, as well as the Number of Iniide Passengers to be carried therein as now by Law due&ed 5 and that no such Licence shall in future be granted for more than the Number of Inside and Outside Passengers in all allowed by Law, and that such Licence shall contain the Name or Names and the Places of Abode of every Individual to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong, a Copy of which Licence shall be accessible at the Board or Office where such Licence is issued, to any Person or Persons applying either for a Copy of or for tfic Perusal of the some.

VII. And

AJ).1810.

5*

0 GEO. in.

C. 48-

1 r3

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and' every Person or to he palmed

Persons who shall be dfl^liceofed to keep any Coach or other Car- ot

riage above defiribed, f^he Purpose or conveying Passengers for KA*K l*

Hire to and from different' Places in Great Britain, (Mail Coaches

always excepted) shall, and he, (he or they is and are respectively directed and required to paint or canfe to be painted within Six Months from the passing of this Act, on the Outside of each Door of each such Coach or other Carriage above described, or on some other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Characters of at lead One loch in length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at Length, the Number of outside Passengers which the Licence obtained for such Carriages respectively shall specify or express, (as well as and in like manner as the Number of Inside Passengers as now by Law directed), together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or the Company of Proprietors or Firm to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Board of Commissioners Commissioners by whom such Licence shall be granted, to require °"!cr a

instead of such Inscription that a Plate made of Brass or other Metal - -te °, H

dull be fixed on the Side of each Coach or other Carriage above^t°hc*described, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or the Owner* Name, Company of Proprietors or Firm, and a distinct Number for each, &c. to the end that the Owner or Owners and Driver of such Coach or Carriage shall be known 5 and if any Person, Company of Proprietors ,

or Firm, shall be licensed to keep more than One Coach, every One : of them shall have several Numbers or other Marks of Distinction in the same manner as if they did belong to several Persons; and if Defacing, 8cc. any Person shall blot out, obliterate, alter or deface the Number,

Figure or Mark of Distinction appointed by the said Commissioners, he shall forfeit Five Pounds for every such Offence; and if any Per- Ufmg Carriage son or Persons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as afore- without Licence, said, for carrying any Outside Passengers for Hire to and from dif- &c. ferent Places in Great Britain, without being licensed so to do, or without haring the said Words and Number and Name or Names painted on the Outside of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous Part thereof, and in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, or shall at any time carry more Outside Passengers than shall be specified or expressed in the Licence for using such Coach or other Carriage, and by the Words so painted on the Outside of such Doors or other conspicuous Part of such Carriage or the numbered Plate, every Person so offending shall qr each and every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Outside Fendty., Passenger beyond the Number hereby allowed, and Double that Sum if the Driver or Coachman be also Owner or Part Owner, to be recovered and applied in the same mantier as any other Penalty imposed by this Act can be recovered and applied; and every such In- gviJcnce feription or Plate, as the case may be, to beconsidered sufficient Evi- v dence of the Parties to whom such Coach or other Defuription of Carriage above enumerated doth belong, being Owner or Proprietor thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of Owners liable any such Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travel-

ling for Hire, and conveying a greater Number of Persons* in any io^u^*manner or way in the Iniide, or on or about the Outside of any such 50 Geo. III. I Coach

A.D. 181a»

Ownew relieved kom Penalties.

Driver net paying.

Imprisonncot.

Sunmoaftr

V.Ttat good {Service.

Drivers leaving their 1 lories, 8a*.

G. 48. 50* GEO. II!.

Coach or other.Carnage above described thajl are allowed by this Act, or permitting more than One Pafleoger ttftit upon the Boa, (whfch Box shall be so constructed as not eonvMently to hold more than One PafTenggr beiides the Coachman) shall not be known, or being known cannot be found, then, and in every such case, the Owner or Owoers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or any of them, of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, shall be liable to ml such Fines and Penalties 4s if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors had been the Driver only of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, at the time that such Offence wai committed: Provided always, that if any such Owner or Proprietor shall make out to the Satisfaction of the Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned before whom any such Information shall be laid, by sufficient Evidence not resting on his own Testimony, that the Offence was committed by the Driver of the Coach or other Carriage without his Privity or Knowledge, and that no Profit, Advantage or Benefit, either directly or indirectly, has accrued or oould or would have accrued to such Owner or Proprietor therefrom, but that such Offence was committed against this Act by such Driver in violation of his Duty to the Owner or Proprietor, as well as aaaiuft the Provisions of this Act, such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned shall discharge the Owner or Proprietor from such Penalty and Expence and levy the same upon the Drivermly, when found; and such Driver, unless he pays the Penalty for which he is liable in consequence of such Offence, shall bt committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize^ for any time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Throe Months, at the Discretion of the Jullice or other Magistrate above, mentioned, by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Summons issued by any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, command -ing any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above described, or any Person or Persons or Company of Proprietors or Firm of any Company to whom such Coach or other Carriage above described shall belong, to appear before him at such Time or Place as to such Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned shall fcem meet, for any Offence committed against this Act, or a Copy thereof, shall be deemed to be well and sufficiently served, in case either the Original or a Copy of such Summons be left with the known or acting Book-keeper for such Coach or other Carriage above described, in any Town or Place into or through which any Driver offending as aforesaid shall drive such Coach or other Carriage.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Driver of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, flopping at any Place or Places where Affifiance can be procured, shall not quit his Horses or the Box of such Coach or other Carriage above described, until a proper Person or Persons shall be employed to hold the Horses or Fore Horses, whilst such Carriage flops, so as to prevent them from running away, and shall have actual Hold of such Horses, and that such Person or Persons shall hold the same until the Driver has returned to his Box, or until the Poll-

boy

A.D. 1810.

50 GEO- III.

C. 4.

fey who rides one of the Horses is again mounted, and has in his rands the Reins for guiding the said Horses, and if such Driver or such Person or Persons shall neglect so to do, he or they being duly cosvkfed thereof by his or their Consession, the View of a JulUce or other Magistrate above mentioned, or by the Oath of One or more aedibJe Witness or Witnesses taken before any Justice or other Magi-ftme above mentioned, (had be fobje& to and forfeit and Day a Pen* aky of not lese than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds for ach Offence: Provided nevertheless, that nqthfng ia this Section or Clanfe contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Hackney Coaches being drawn by Two Horses only.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That irf case the Driver of any such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, or the Person acting as Guard, shall, by Intoxication or by Negligence or other Misconduct (unavoidable Accidents always excepted), endanger the Safety of the Passengers in their Lives, their Limbs or their Property, or shall not give due Care or Protection to any other Property with which such Driver or Guard or either of them may be entrusted; or if any Driver of ay Mail Coach, or any Guard, shall loiter on the Road or wil-finly mispend or k>fe Time so as to retard the Arrival of His Majesty's Malt at the next Stage 5 or if the Driver of any Mail Coach shall not, ia all possible cases, convey such Mails at the Speed of such a Number of Miles an Hour as are fixed by the Postmaster General for the Conveyance thereof, unless the Circumstances of the Weather or the Badneu of the Roads, or the Occurrence of any Accident to the Couch or Horses, shall prevent the same; or if any Driver or Guard of any bach Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage, shall not duly account to his or their Employers or Persons authorized by them to account with such Driver or Guard for all Monies received by him, them or either of them, in respect of any Passenger or Parcel oonveyed or taken by such Coach nr other Carriage above described, the* and in every such case the Driver or Guard (as the case may be) (b offending, and being convicted thereof by his own Confefiion, the View of a Joffice (in any case applicable thereto), or the Oath or Owks of One4 or move credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Joffice or other Magistrate above mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sam not less than Five Pounds, nor more than Ten Pounds for even' sech Offence, and shall return the Sum or Sums of Money so embez-*W; and in case of Non-payment every such justice or other Magistrate above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit such Offender fee the Common Gaol or House of Correctkm For the County, Riding, City, Town* Division or Place wherre such Offence shall few been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, at the Dtfcreciou of the Justice or other Magiftcate above mentioned, by er before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

XU. And bek further enacted, That in case the Driver or Guard of any sech Coach or other Carriage above described, shall use abusive or imuking Language to any Paffrnger, or shall infill on and exact more than the Sum to which be is legally intitled, then, and in every fndicafe, the Driver or Guard (as the case maybe) £0 offending, asd being convsfted thereof by his own Confefiion, or the Oath or ^tthsot One or more credible Witness or. Witoc{jGb*> before any Juf- ll Uce

Penalty.

Drivers, Sec. intoxicated or retarding Mails, not aceouuting.

Penalty.

Imprisonraent.

Driver, See. infultiitg or exacting from Pa Jc tigers.

A.D.iSib.

u6

Penally.

P^arc Officer*

to c.wute Warrants.

Penalty.

ImprT mnient.

Passenger may ifcjuirc Toll C'olle^or to count Number of 55; ifli*ngm and measure Height of Lug-SW-

Driver refuting.

Penalty.

Double Penalty.

C.48. 50° GEO. III.

tice or other Magistrate above mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Five Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence; and in case of Non-payment, every such Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Tovyn, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding One Month nor lefa than Three Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, .by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

XIIf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, either by his own Confession or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, is and are hereby authorized and required to adminilter), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and in case the Person so conviCted doth not forthwith pay or secure to be paid the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence /ball be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the pasting of this Act, if the Driver, of any Coach or other Carriage above described, drawn by Two or more Horses and going or travelling for Hire, shall permit or suffer more than One Person on the Coach Box besides himself, and a greater Number of Outside Passengers than according to the Numbers allowed by this Act to be carried or conveyed by any such Coach or Carriage above described respectively, it shall be lawful for any Outside or Iniide Passenger who shall have been regularly booked, and who has actually paid for his Place, if conveyed by such Coach or other Carriage, to require the Driver to flop such Coach or Carriage at any Toll or Turnpike Gate, and to require the Collector of the Toll at such Gate to count the Number of Passengers, or measure or ascertain the Height of the Luggage upon such Coach or other Carriage; and if any such Driver shall refuse upon the Demand of any fuen Passenger to flop any such Coach or Carriage, or to permit or suffer the Collector at such Toll or Turnpike Gate who shall be so required by any such Passenger, to count the Number of Paifen-gers and ascertain the Height of the Luggage, or to make such Examination, then, in every such case, the Driver of such Coach shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal, and shall, if more Passengers shall have been carried on such Coach, or the Luggage shall exceed the Height allowed by this Act, forfeit for every such Offence, the committing whereof shall have been prohibited as aforesaid, double the Penalty imposed by this Act fog

such

A.D. 1810* 5°° GEO. III. C.48.

Inch Offence, the One Half of such Penalty to belong to the Toll Collector for his Trouble, and the other Half to the Passenger; and if any Toll Collector, upon being so required by any such Passenger, shall neglect or refuse to make such Examination, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence, to be levied and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall endeavour to evade such Examination, by descending from such Coach or other Carriage above described, previous to its reaching any Turnpike Gate, and re-afcending after it has passed such Turnpike Gate, he shall forfeit- and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to he recovered in the same manner as the other Penalties hereby imposed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if the Coachman or Person having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, shall permit or suffer any other Person without the Consent of a Proprietor, or against the Consent of the Passengers, to drive the same, or shall quit the Box without reasonable Occasion, or for a longer Space of Time than such Occasion may require (although the Reins for guiding or driving the Horsesbeleft for the time in the Hands of the Passenger on the Box), or if the Coachman or Person having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, shall, by furiously driving or by any Negligence or Miscondust, overturn the Carriage, or in any manner endanger »he Persons or Property of the Passengers, or the Property of the Owners or Proprietors of such Carriage (unavoidable Accidents always excepted), every such Coachman or Person as aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to he levied and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for any Offence committed Against this Act, shall and may be recoverable before One or more Ju dices of the Peace, or before any other Magistrate above mentioned, every such Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, is hereby required to administer an Oath, and upon Proof of any such Offence, shall give Judgment or Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reasonable Coils and Charges of the Prosecution; and if the same shall not be paid, shall commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire, Borough, Town Corporate or Place for any time not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, at the Discretion of the said J'lflice or other Magillrate above mentioned, unless such Person or Persons shall enter into such Recognizance with such Surety before such Justices or Justice, or other Magistrate as hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Justice, or other Magistrate above mentioned, before whom any Person shall have been convicted for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, shall fee cause to mitigate such Penalty, every such Justice, or^ other Magistrate above mentioned, may mitigate or lessen the same to any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all reasonable Coft3 and Charges expended or incurred in the Prosecution $ and that One Half either of the Whole or of

I 3 the

I!7

Colleger

refilling.

Penalty.

Passenger

evading.

Penalty.

(^oarhmen ] urinating other Persons to diive.

Furious Driving,

&c.

Penalty.

Penalties how rt covered.

Mitigation.

How applied.

118

A.D. 1810.

Guard firing -rxcrpt for Defence.

Penalty.

Where no speci fic Penalties, Justices may imjwfe them.

Conniving at Offences.

C.48. 50° GEO. III.

the Moiety of fudi Penalty, with the said Cods and Charges, shall be paid to the Informer for his own Behoof, or to be at ois Dtf-polal for Publick Purposes except in the Special Cases above provided for, and the other Half shall be paid to the Trustees of the Roads where such Offence is committed, who are hereby required in consideration thereof to direct their Surveyors to watch over the due Execution of this Act, in the several Roads to the Superin tendance of which they are respectively appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person going or travelling as a Guard to any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, shall fire off the Arms he is entruffed with, either while such Coach or other Carnage is going on the Road or going through or (landing in any Town, otherwise than for the Defence of such Coach or other Carriage, or the Passenger or Passengers therein, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties hnposed by this Act. i- XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or I^ersons committing any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, for which no specific Penalties shall have been provided, he, (he or they shall forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of One or more Justices of the Peace or of any o: her Magistrate above mentioned, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Fifty Shillings, upon being convictea thereof on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnefsea, before any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, adfcing in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or by any other Justice of the Peace residing in any County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place in which the Offender shall then actually be present, upon full and satisfactory Proof being exhibited before such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths as well the Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offence lliall have been committed, as such Justices and other Magistrates above mentioned as shall be resident in the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offender shall actually be present, are hereby authorized and required to administer); and in default of Payment of the Penalty which (hill have been awarded on the Conviction of such Offender, he shall for every such Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, or of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where he shall actually be present (as the case may be) there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Five Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive any Sum or Sums of Money for conniving at any Offence prohibited by this Act, either for any single Offence or for a Number of such Offences, or by Stipulation or Agreement by the Day, the Week, the Year, or any other Period of Time, and shall be duly convicted thereof before One or more Justices, or before any other 4 Magistrate

A.D.i8to. 50° GEO. III. 0.48.

Mag&rate above mentioned, lie, (he or they Audi forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence, and in default of the Payment thereof shall he committed to any House of Correctiou ibr any Period not exceeding Three Months nor lese than One Mooth*

XXI. And whereas it would materially contribute to the Safety of Passengers if a great Part of the Luggage usually conveyed by Stage Coaches* were conveyed in a much lower Pofuioa than it generally the case at present, and the same Reftriftiou* in regard to the Number of Outside Passengers on such Stage Coaches would not be so requisite, provided no Luggage was earned by them, except in the manner hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Stage Coaches, (Long Bodied Coaches included) carrying no Parcels or Luggage whatsoever, excepting in the In side or in die Front Boot thereof/or in a Boot behind or under the Body of such Carriage; and where the Top of such Boot behind, when the Coach is empty, is not more than Sis Feet from the Ground, having obtained a special Licence for that Purpose, and having the Name of the Owner or Owners, and the Number of Outside and Iofide Pafieogers thereby allowed painted or inscribed thereon, shall be permitted to carry Two Outside Passengers more than the Number of Outside Passengers hereby limited with respect to other Coaches or Carriages above described, without subjecting the Drivers, Owners or Proprietors of such Coaches or other Carriages to any of the Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines or Punifiuneots imposed or authorized to be imposed by this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary Botwkhdaoding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Prosecution for any Offence committed against the Provisions of this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Offence shall have been committed, and that there shall be hut one Recovery for the same Offence, except where the Owner or Owners of Stage Coaches or other Carnages above described, are required to paint their Names or Name or Sign, and to preserve the lame in a dear or legible State, in which case such Prosecution may be commenced at any time, and any Neglect in remedying the same for the Space of One Month shall be considered a new Offence.

XXIII. And whereas a certain Number of Hackney Coaches

work by Permission as dated Stages, and which as well as other 4 Hackney Coaches are licenced by and have been hitherto under

the Regulations and Controul of the Commissioners for licenfiag ' and regulating Hackney Coaches, the same dated Stages being

numbered and to alL Id tents and Purposes Hackney Coaches, yet 4 for the public Convenience are exempted from the ordinary Street ' Work of Hackney Coaches, and permitted to be employed and ' driven certain prescribed Routes at fixed Hours bkweca the 1 Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in its Vicipity: And

whereas the said dated Hackney Coach Stages as well as the Hackoey Coaches in general, and the Owners and Drivers thereof respect-1 ively, are in all Respects under the Regulation and Controul of the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches; 4 and it is inexpedient and unnecessary that any of the Provisions of i this Act should be applied to such Hackney Coaches and Hackney Coach Stages before mentioned ; Be it therefore further cuacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, or be condrued to extend to affect such Kackney Coaches or their

I 4 Owners

nV

Penalty.

What Carriage* may carry additional Numltcr of lVlTehgrr*.

Limitation of A&iotis.

Hackney Coaah Stages exempted.

A.D.t8io.

Owners or Drivers refpifdively, as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, whether such Coaches be so licensed to be used and driven in the ordinary and indiferiminate Work of Hackney Coaches in general, in and about the Streets and Places within which such Hack-ney Coaches are by Law compellable to go or be driven, or are or may b*e licensed exprefbly for the Purpose of being employed and driven as Hackney Coach Stages between the Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in the Vicinity thereof; any thing in this A&t contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 ottos of Pro- XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Pro-

mgs. ceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used upon all Occasions, and with such Additions or Variations as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the case, or the Place where the Prosecution for the Offence shall Want of Form, take place; and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any such Proceedings; and that such Conviction, unless appealed from within Fourteen Day9 in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be final and conclusive.

Appeal. XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

Person shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved by bny Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Conviction, which any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned shall have given or made in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned, and shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices or other Magistrate, with one sufficient Surety, the Condition whereof shall be, that such Person or Persons do and shall appear before the Court of the next Quarter-Sessions for the County or other Place where such Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Conviction shall have been given or made, then and there to abide the final Order, Judgment and Sentence of such Court on the Matters aforesaid, then, and in every such case, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to he bolden for the said County or other Place, Who upon hearing the said Appeal, shall have full Power finally to determine the same, and to Gfo. award such Costs to the Appellant or to the Prosecutor or Informer,

as to such Court shall seem fit to be awarded; and such last mentioned Proceedings, final Judgment and Sentence, shall not be remove-Certiorcri. able by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise into any other Court. Publick Act. XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick A&> and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Act beal- XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

isred, &c. varied or repealed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in this present Session of Parliament.

i

The

A.D. 1810.

5o° GEO. m.

C. 48.

Ill

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. tORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the foregoing Act. INFORMATION.

gE it remembered, That on the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and A. B. of

in the said County, informeth me One

f His Majesty's Just ices of the Peace for the said County, that

[here

defer the the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Ad as near as may be] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for [here insert the Title of this AS] which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence. Received*the Day of by me

C.D.

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate.

To A. B. of

"^WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C. D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera] That, et cetera [here fate the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, as far as it shall he necessary to Shew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Jujtice, and in doing that follow the Words of the AS as near as may be] Thefie are therefore to require you personally to appear before me, or such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera] on the Day of next, at the Hour

of in the Noon, to answer the said Complaint and

Information; and further to do and receive what to the Law shall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

FORM of CONVICTION.

BE it remembered. That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at in the County of

aforesaid, A. B. came before me C. D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, et cetera, and informed me, That, et cetera [here set forth the Fad in the manner described by the Act] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly fum-itioned to answer laid Charge, appeared before

on the Day of at

in the said County; and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the same being fully proved upon

3 the

122'

AD.i8i«.

4) E!iz. <*. §*

17 G."2. c,

C. 48, 49, 50° GEO. III.

the Oath of GJ/. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information 5 it is therefore considered and adjudged by me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. be confided*, and I do hereby convi# him of the Offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that be the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great

Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

jdfter the Words 44 being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, n insert [did not appear beforeme pursuant to the said Summons] or [did neglect and rtfufe to make any Defence against the hid Charge, but the same being fully proved, et cete* as before: sifter the Words " contained in the said Infontfation" insert [acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, et cetera] as above.

[&v as to Ireland> cap. 32.]

CAP. XUX.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by Judiets of the Peace.

fpth June 1810.]

2*'ITT HERE AS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the

Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intitnlcd, jin

Sl8 for the Relief of the Poor, it is enacted, That Churchwardens

and Overseers ol the Poor of every Parish shall, within Four Days

after their Year, and after other Overseers nominated, make and

yield up to Two Justices of the Peace a true and perfect Account

of albSums of Money by them received, or rated and sessed and not 08.*received, and of all other things concerning their said Office; And

whereas by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for remedying some Defects in the said recited Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 4 Queen Elizabeth, it is enacted, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall. Yearly and every Year, within Fourteen 4 Day8 after other Overseers shall be nominated and appointed to 4 succeed them, deliver in to such succeeding Overseers a just, true 4 and perfect Account in Writing under the Hands of the Church

4 wardens and Overseers directed to account, of all Sums of Money 4 by them received or rated and assessed and not received, and of all 4 other Things concerning their said Office; which said Account shall 4 be verified by Oath, or by the Affirmation of Persons called Quakers, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace,

4 which said Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and arc 4 by the said Act authorized and required to administer, and to sign 4 and attest the Caption of the same at the Foot of the said Account:

And

A.D'iftto*

123

50° GEO. III. C. 49.

And whereas it is expedient that Two or more Justices should be

empowered to examine and correct and to allow and approve every 1 such Account, before the (Same shall be (igned and attededBe it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with it Advice and Con Cent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the dame. That in all cases where any such Account is required to be made and yielded, and to be (igned and atteded at aforesaid by virtue of the (mid last recited Act, every such Account shall be fub* nutted by the Churchwardens and Overseers to Two or more Judi-cet of the Peace of the County, dwelling in or near the Parish or Place to which such Account shall relate, at a Special Sessions for that Pur* pose to be kolden within the Fourteen Days appointed by the said last recited Act for delivering in such Account; and such Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall so throb fit, to examine into the Matter of eveiy such Account, and to admiaider an Oath or Affirmation to such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Truth of such Account, and to disallow and drike oet of every such Account all such Charges and Payments as they shall deem to be unfounded, and to reduce such as they shall deem to be exorbitant, specifymg upon or at the Foot of such Account every such Charge or Payment and its Amount, so far as such Judi-tn shall disallow or reduce the same, and the cause for which the same is disallowed or reduced; and it shall be lawful for such Two or move Ju dices, and they are hereby required to (ignify their Allowance and Approbation of any such Account under their Hands, sod to sign and atted the Caption of the same at the Foot of such Account, in manner directed by the said last recited Act: And in case such Churchwardens and Overseers or any of them, shall refuse or ncgled to make and yield up or to submit such Account, or to verify the same by Oath as aforesaid, or to deliver over to their Sue* cdTorv within Ten Days from the signing and atteding such Ac-coaats, any Goods, Chattels or other Things, which on the Examination and Allowance of such Account in manner aforesaid shall appear to be remaining in the Hands of such Churchwardens or Overseers, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace to commit him, her or them, to the Common Gaol, until he, (he or they shall have made and yielded such Account, and verified the same as aforesaid, or shall have delivered over such Goods, Chattels and other Things which shall appear to be so remaining in his, her or their Hands as aforesaid5 and in case such Churchwardens and Overseers or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay to their Soccefibrs within Fourteen Days from the (igning and atteding such Account, any Sum or Sums 01 Money or Arrearages which on the Examination and Allowance of such Account in manner aforesaid, shall appyar or be found to be due and owing from such Churchwardens or Overseers, or any of them, or remaining in their Hands, ktoaH and may be lawful for the subsequent Churchwardens and Overseers by Warrant from any Two or more Justices of the Peace, to levy all such Sum and Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Offender*' Goods, rendering to the Parties the Overplus, and in default of such Didress, it shall be lawful for anr such Two Justices d the Peace, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common

Gaol

Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers to be fuhmitted tu JulTicea at Special Seifiuna.

Churchwardens, &c. neglecting.

Committed.

Refuting to pay to Succctibrs.

Distress.

Imprisonmeot.

A.D. 1810.

Appeal.

Appal.

Magiftntcs of Coiporation same Jurisdictio a* Justices.

Gaol of the County, there to remain without Bail or Main prize, until Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money or Arrearages

as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Church* wardens or Overseers, or any of them, shall feel themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by the Disallowance or Reduction of any such Charges or Payments, and be desirous of appealing again# any Order in that respect, made by any such Two or more Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for him, her or them, to enter an Appeal again# such Order, at the next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden next after the Tenth' Day from the making of % such Order, he, (he or they having fir# paid or delivered over to the fncceeding Churchwardens ana Overseers, such Sum and Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels and other Things, as on the Face of the Account which shall have been submitted by him, her or them, to such Two or more Justices in manner aforesaid, shall appear and be admitted to be due and owing from him, her or them, or remaining in his, her or their Hands, and having also entered into a Recognizance before One or more such Justice or Justices, with Two fufBcient Securities to be approved of by such Justice or Justices before whom such Recognizance shall be acknowledged, in not less than double the Sum or Value in dispute, to enter such Appeal at such next General or Quarter-Sessions, and abide by such Order as shall at that or any subsequent Sessions be made on such Appeal; and it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General or Quarter-Sessions, on Proof of the Matters aforesaid, and on the Production of such Recognizance and Proof of the same having been duly entered into, to adjourn such Appeal if they shall fee Occasion, or to hear the same, and to examine into and to confirm or reverse such Disallowance or Reduction in the Whole or in Part, as to such Justices at such Sessions shall seem just, and in any such Case, the said Justices, at such Sessions, may (if they shall think fit) make an Order that such Churchwardens and Overseers shall have the Colts by them incurred, upon any such Appeal defrayed out of the Poor Rates of the Parish or Place 5 and the Order of the General Quarter-Sessions in execution of the Powers given to them by this Act shall be binding on all Parties.

III. Provided also, and be it euaCted, That nothing 'herein contained shall take away or beconftrued to takeaway any Power of Appeal against any such Account, by any other Person entitled to appeal again# the same by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of every Town or Place Corporate and City in Great Britain, or any Two Magistrates of such Town or Place Corporate or City, being Justice or Justices of Peace respectively, shall have the same Authority by virtue of this Act within the Limits and Precincts of their Jurisdictions as is by this Act limited, prescribed or appointed to Justices of the Peace of the County, or any Two or more of them, for the Execution of this Act; subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the General or Quarter-Sessions in every such Town or Place Corporate or City respectively as aforesaid: Provided always, that in any Town or Place Corporate or City, where there are not Four Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons. where an Appeal is given by this Act, to appeal, if he or they shall

think

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 49, Jo.

125

Certiorari.

Proviso for Church war* lent, &c. 43 Eli/, c. 1. 17 U. 9. c. 38.

City of London; Ppwifo for 43 Eliz.c.9.

17 <i. 2.C. 38.

think fit, to the next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division wherein such Town or Place Corpo-nte or City is situate.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari shall be granted* to fetnoYe any Order or Proceeding of any General or Quarter-Sessions or of any*Just ices, made or had under this Act, into any' foperior Court of Record; but that all Orders and Proceedings of such Sessions, and all Orders and Proceedings of such Justices (fufajed to such Appeal as aforesaid) under this Act, shall be final tod condusive to all Intents and Purposes.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or apply, or be condrued to extend or apply to the Accounts of any Churchwarden or Overfeerof the Poor in any Parish or Place where, by the Prdvisions of any Ad or Atts relating to the Poor of such Parish or Place, or'by the Construction of any such Act or Acts, such Churchwardens and Overseers are exempted from the rendering the Accounts required by the hereinbefore recited Acts of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth^and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, or either of them; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Prodded also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con-ftmed to extend to the City of London.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing io this Act contained shall alter or repeal any of the Provisions or Regulations contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth* and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, or either of them, other than and except only such Provisions or Regulations as are expressly mentioned in this Act, and so far as the same are expressly amended or altered by this Act.

CAP. L.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the more effectual carrying the same into Execution 5 and to extend the Provisions thereof to Parishes which shall not have adopted the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty second Year g. 3. c. 83. 4 W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act 1 far the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, whereby certain 4 Rules, Orders and Regulations specified and contained in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, are directed to be observed and en*

4 forced at every Poorhouse to be provided by virtue of that Ad,

1 with such Additions as should be made by the Justices of the Peace 4 of the Limit wherein such House or Houses should be situate, at 4 same Special Session; provided such Additions should not .be con-.,

4 tradidory to the Rules, Orders and Regulations, established by 1 that Ad; and provided that the same should not be repealed by

4 the

A.D. 1810.

I 26

49 G.3.C. 194.

55.

In what case T«vo Justic es may direct Regulations of 22 G.3. e. S3, to be observed in Workhouses and alter Regulations.

Power of Juf-

ti/LCJ,

Q2 G. 3. c. 63*

How fai Con-ua&ors for Poor lubjeA to Jurif-

G. 50. 50° GEO. III.

4 the Justices at their General Quarter-Session 8 of the Peace; And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, intituled, An Act for altering,

4 amending and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the 4 Examination of Paupers as to their Settlements; and for extending 4 to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses y under an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituledt An Act for the better Relief smd Employment of the Poor; whereby 4 any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace are authorized, at any Petty Sessions, to diredfc such Rules, Orders and 4 Regulations, or any of them, to be observed and executed in any 4 Parishes within their respective Diviiiona or Dittri&s: And whereas 4 it is expedient that the Benefit of such Regulations as are provided 4 and authorized to be made by the said recited A A of die Twenty 4 second Year of His present Majesty, for the Government of Poorhouses and Workhouses, should be extended to Parishes which shall 4 not have adopted the Provisions of the said ActsMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within their respective Limits, may at any Special Session direct the Rules, Orders and Regulations, in the Schedule to the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign fpedfied and contained, or any of them, with Rich Additions as mall be made by such Justices, to be observed and enforced in the Workhouses or Poor-houses, or any Houses set Apart for that Purpose* although there should be no Master or Mistress to superiatend the same, of any Parish or Place within their respective Divisions or Distri&a, as fully and effectually as the Rules and Orders by the said A&of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign established, are to be observed and enforced within the Parishes adopting the Provisions of the same Act; and that it fealt be lawful for Two or more such Justices, io any Special Session from time to time as they shall fee occasion, to add to and alter the Rules, Orders and Regulations which shalt at any previous Special Sessions have been made and ordered to be observed, provided that no Addition or Alteration to be mode by such Justices shall be contradi&ery to the Rules, Orders and Regulations established by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and provided that the same shall not be repealed by the Justices at their Quarter-Session of the Peace; and for enforcing and carrying into execution such Ruies, Orders, and Regulations in every Parish and Place where the same shall be established by virtue of this Act, every Justice of the Peace shall, for that Purpofo, have the Powers1>y the said A & of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign vested in Vifitovs of the Poor; and all Churchwardens and Overseers, within their respective Parishes and Towaships (half have andexercise the Powers, and shall perform the Duties by the same Act veiled in and imposed upon Governors of the Poor.

II. And be it further enacted, That Persons contra6fcing for the Maintenance of the Poor of any Parish or Place shall, with respect to al such things as they (kali contract to perform and provide for the

Poor

A.D. 181d.

50° GEO. III. C.50, 51. 127

Poor, be subject to the Jurisdiction and Orders of Just ices of the dlAIon of Juf-Peace io like manner in all respects as Overseers of the Poor are sub- tice, #

K* freto 5 and that every Order of any such Justice to or upon any so contracting, may be enforced and carried into execution by such means as the same might bare been enforced and carried into execution against any Owerfeer of the Poor; and that every Person k contracting for the Maintenance of the Poor, who (hall-refufe or neglect to obey any such Order, shall be puniihable by the like penaitief. Forfeitures and Penalties, to be levied in the same manner as in Cases of Disobedience or Neglect of the Orders of Justices by Overseers of the Poor.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be jutiices may ap-lawful for the Justices in any such Special SelDon as aforesaid, upon pint Keeper of the Application of the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, WorkhouletoU or of the major Part of them, to appoint the Keeper of the Work- Governor, bosfc of any such Parish or Place to be the Governor thereof, and the Keeper io appointed, so long as lie shall continue Keeper of such Workhouse until the Justices in any such Special Session shall revoke such Appointment (which they are hereby empowered to do) shall have; use and exercise the Powers, and perform the Duties by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, veiled k and imposed upon Governors of the Poor.

IV. And be it further eoacted, That if any Person who shall be Imbezzling (ent to any Poorhouse or Workhouse shall imbezzle, or wilfully waste, Goods, &c. spoil or damage any of the Clothing, Goods or Materials committed to his or her Care, or shall take or carry away, without Permiifion of the Overseer of the Poor or Keeper of the said Workhouse, any

Clothing, Goods or Materials provided for the Use of such Poor-house, or of any of the Poor therein, Complaint thereof may be made upon Oath to One or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Lift rid or Division in which such Parish shall be situate; and such Justices are hereby authorized to hear such Complaint, and upon Conviction to commit die Offender to the House of Correction, thereto be kept to hard Labour for anytime not. exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Seven Days.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Breach of the Rules and Breach of Rnlw> Orders to be put in force by virtue of this Act, shall be puai(h<d inc* sech manner as is by the said Act directed for the Breach of the Rules 1 Hm ient* and Orders to be enforced under the before recited Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Eighty three.

CAP. LI.

An Act to Tepeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of JCing Janus the First, as-relates to the Pt&nHhment of Wo. men delivered of Bastard Children*and to make other Pro-yifioos m lieu thereof. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the 7 Joe. 1. c. 4.

W Reign of His late Majesty King James the First, intituled, ^i An Act for the due Execution of divers Laws and Statutes heretofore

node against Rogues, Vngabonds and Sturdy Beggars, and other J*ewd 1 and Idle persons; And whereas it is, among other Things, directed

and enacted, that every lewd Woman who, after the then present

Session

A.D. 1810.

repealed.

Limitation of Puuilhment.

Juftir rs may mitigate Confinement, aid discharge.

Proviso for time of Commitment.

B&9W. 3.

c. 30. $ 0,

C. si, 52. 50° GEO. III.

Session of Parliament, should have any Ballard which might

be chargeable to the Parish, should be committed to the House

of Correction, there to be punished and set on Work during

the Term of one whole Year; and that if such Woman should 4 offend again in like manner, (he should be committed to the 4 House of Correction, there to remain until (he should put in good 4 Securities not to offend so again: And whereas the Punishment 4 aforesaid, if rigorously inflicted, might be too severe, and might subject the Offender to Imprisonment for Life : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King James the First, as relates to the Commitment of Women to the House of Correction, there to be punished and set on Work for having Bastard Children who may be chargeable to the Parish, shall be ar.d the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in Cases when a Woman shall have a Bastard Child which may be chargeable to the Parish, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace before whom such Womaa shall be brought, and they shall or may, at their Discretion, commit such Woman to the House of Correction for the District or Place, and there to be set on Work for any time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months nor less than Six Weeks.

ill. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, at any Petty Session for the Divifiod wherein the Parish to which such Bastard Child may be chargeable is situate, upon their own Knowledge, or a Certificate duly authenticated from the Keeper of such House of Correction in which such Woman shall have been confined for any Space not less than Six Weeks, of the good Behaviour of such Woman during such her Confinement, and of the reasonable Expectation of her Reformation, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order such Woman to be immediately (or at the time to be appointed in such Warrant) discharged and released from further Confinement.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend to authorize any Justices of the Peace to commit any such Woman to the House of Correction, until she shall have been delivered for the Space of One Calendar Month.

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires poor Persons receiving Alms to wear Badges. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for supplying same DefeQs in the Laws for the Relief 4 of the Poor of this Kingdom, it is enacted, That every such PeHon 4 as, from and after the First Day of September One thousand fix 4 hundred and ninety seven, shall be upon tile Collection and receive

4 Relief

A.D. 1810.

129

$ob GEO. III. C. jfc, 53.

Relief of any Parish or Place, and the Wife and Children of any1 4 such Person cohabiting in the same House, (such Child - only ex-

eepted as shall be the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor permitted to live'at Home in order to hare the Care of and

attend an impotent and lielplefs Parent) shall upon the Shoulder of the Right Sleeve of the uppermost Garment of every such Person,

in an open artd visible manner, wear such Badge or Mark as is 4 hereinafter mentioned and expressed; that is to say, a large Roman 4 I\ together with the first Letter of the Name of the Parish or 4 Place whereof such poor Person is an Inhabitant, cut either in Red 4 or Blue Cloth, as by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor 4 it shall be directed and appointed; and if any such poor Person shall 4 at any Time neglect or refuse to wear such a Badge or Mark as 4 afore said, and in manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for 4 any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty or Town 4 Corporate, where any such Offence shall be committed, upon Com-

plaint to him for that Purpose to be made, to punish every such 4 Offender for every such Offence, either by ordering of his or her 4 Relief or usual Allowance on the Collection to be abridged, suspended or withdrawn, or otherwise by committing of any such 4 Offender to the House of Correction, there to be whipt and kept 4 to hard Labour for any Number of Days not exceeding One and 4 Twenty, as to the said Justice in his Discretion it shall seem most 4 meet; and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, from 4 and after the said First Day of September, shall relieve any such poor 4 Person not having and wearing such Badge or Mark as aforesaid,

4 bring thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace of the County,

4 City* Liberty or Town Corporate where any such Offence shall be 4 committed, shall forfeit f< r every such Offence the Sum of Twenty 4 Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Good*of every 4 such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such

Justice; One Moiety to b ' to the Use of the Informer, and the 4 otf er to the So r of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Part of such Ad 4 be repealed: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be erased; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confe >t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and by the Authority of the same, Th3t, from and after the passing of this

Ad, the said Part of such recited Act shall be, and the same is repealed, hereby repealed.

CAP. LIIL

An Act for preventing Frauds relatingto the Exportation of Brit'iJ1) and IriJIj made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the ocher. ( 9th June 1S10.]

T1 WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, 50 G. 3 c 34.

W intituled, yin y18 for allowing the Exportation of British and § 1.

lrish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other,

' Malt unground and unfereened (a), made in Ireland, is allowed to

be imported into Great Britain, and Malt unground and unfereened,

made in Great Britainf is allowed to be imported into Ireland; and

50Geo. III. K 4 it

y

*3<>

A.D. 181o-

Importation of MaJt from Ireland to Great Britain.

n Sc 14 Car. 2. c. ii.

Entry.

Duty prd 1»e-fuie laiuling.

/etui'v.

Cnieora miy on bourtl Veifcls, and fcarrh for Malt.

Irish Mali imported, la*, led before Duty paid, forfeited.

C. s$- S*>° GEO. III.

it is expedient to provide the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions anal

Provisions hereinafter contained for preventing Frauds relating there-c to; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King'^most Excellent Majesty, by ard with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of the said Act, the Mailer or Purler for that Voyage of the Ship or Vessel wherein any Malt shall be imported from Ireland into any Part of Great Britain shall, within Twenty Days next after he shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's Cu/loms, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Conlignee or Consigneea of aoy such Malt, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excile in the Port or Place where such Malt {Kail be so imported of all such Malt on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Conlignee or Consignees, specifying in such Entry the Quantity or Quantities of such Malt then laden in and on board of such Ship or Vessel, and lhaH then and before the landing of any such Malt, satisfy and pay down, in ready Money, without any Difcout.t or Allowance, the Duties by this Act imposed on such Malt; and shall also, within such Twenty Days, land all such Malt; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Impor-ters, Conlignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refnfe to make due Entry', or to pay such Duties, or to land any such Malt within such Twenty Days, then, and in every such Case, all such Malt shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise. (o) [The word44 unfereened" does not appear in so G. 3. c. 54 ]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, to go on board and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within Four Leagues of the Coast thereof, and continue on board the same, and to examine and search for all Malt whatsoever; and to seize for His Majesty'sUfe all such Malt there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same; and also such Ship or Vessel, if the Time shall be forfeited for or on account of such Malt.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Malt made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, which shall be unihipped, landed or delivered from or out of nny Ship, Vessel or Boat before the Duties by the Ad made in this Session of Parliament imposed shall be fully paid shall be forfeited and loll, together with the Packages containing the same; and such Ship. Malt and Packages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and if any Person or Persons shall imship, land or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed or delivered, or be aiding or afiifl-ing in the unihipping, landing or delivering from or out of any Ship, Veil'd or Boat,any such Malt before the said Duties by the said Act

imposed

A-D.tSio.

joq GEO. IH.

CS3-

impdfed shall be fully paid, or shall hide or conceal* dr catifc or pro- Concealing cure to he hidden or concealed any such Malt so unftvipped, landed of Malt, drlhrered as aforcfakiVor shall receive into his, her or their Hands;

Custody or Possession, any flick Malt so unstripped, landed or delivered as aforesaid, he, (he or they knowing the same to have beet) so unihipped, landed or delivered as aforefard, such Person or Persons* and each and every of them shall, for each and every such Offence* Penalty, forfeit and lose Treble the Value of such Malt, to be ettifflaied according to the bell and bigheft Rate and Price which Malt of the best Quality shall fell for in London, Edinburgh or respectively, at

the time when such Forfeiture shall he incurred.

IV*. And be it farther enatted, That it shall and may be- lawful to Regulations and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid the Duties by the several Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect of any ex* Quantity of Malt made in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; Or -

to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy, of be lawfully entitled to any such Quantity of Malt from the fald Person or Persons who paid such Duties for the same, to export such Malt, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisioni hereinafter mentioned and prescribed, (that is to say) the Person or Persons intending to ship and export any such Malt shall give to thfc proper Officer or Officers of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice tk writing, in case such. Malt is intended to be shipped within the limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Londott,t\& Forty eight Hours Nolifcfe in writing, in case such Malt is intended so to be shipped in any Place out of the said Limits in Great Britain or in Ireland, of his Intention to ship such Malt for Exportation, and of tire Time when the same is intended to be shipped, 1 and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be shipped^ and of the Mailer thereof, and of the particular Port gr Plade wherfe such Ship or Vessel lies, and is to receive or take on board such Malt, and of the particular Port or Place to which such Malt is intended to be exported, and of the Number of Buftiels of such Malt so to be shipped and exported, and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Malt shipped, . and the same shall be shipped iatbe Presence of such Officer or Officers; and the Officer or Officers who shall have seen such Mbit shipped shall take an Account of the Quantity of such Malt so intended to be exported; and if any such Malt so intended to be shipped for Exportation shall not be begun to be shipped at the Time mentioned for that Purpose in such Notice, or within One Hour after such time, then such Notice shall be void, and the like Notice iq writing shall be again given unto such Officer or Officers previous to the Shipping of any such Malt for Exportation.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Exporter of any such Malt Bonl for shall also before the shipping the same give Bond, with sufficient Exportation. Security, which Security shall, if such Malt be to be exported from that Part of Great Britain called Ergland, be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England or the major Part of them for the time being, or the Person by them appointed or employed for that Purpose; and if such Malt he to be exported from that Part of Gridt Britain called Scotland, shall be approved by the Commissiorers of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them for the time being, or fey the Person by them appointed or employed for thpt Purpose, and -

K 2

20

A.D. 1810

3V

C* S3-

jo° GEO, III;

Malt intended : o lie exported ulreUnd, tube rni aJurr.l i n >uar<l iu IV<.-fence of Jliiter.

I'u malted Grain mixed with Mult lor importation.

IVmilty.

IVl u'.t' .

[ rtifirate of i'nyuont of 1)aty prod; : red t-n rn'eimg Malt lor Ireland O uh that Midi .* fho lame.meutiv-ned in

In wi.it case t owaaiilivners

in Treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be drawn back on such Exportation of such Malt, that the particular Malt so intended to be exported and every Part thereof, shall, (the Dadgerof the Seas and Enemies excepted), be shipped and exported to the Port or Place to which such Malt in such Notice in that Behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, shall be declared to be intended to )>e exported and shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, and shall not be unshipped, unladed or laid on Land or put on board any other Ship, Vessel or Boat in Great Jt>rUain or Ireland, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted) which Bond the Officer of Excise? of the Port or Place in England or Scotland respectively appointed or employed for that Purpose jby the said reipe&ive Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively for the time being, is hereby directed to take in Hh MajAly's Name and to His Majesty's Use.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons intending to export any such Malt.to Ireland, shall, in the Presence of the proper .Officer of Excise, measure in and on board the Ship or Vessel jon which the same shall be laden or shipped for such Exportation, all -fuch Malt so intended to be exported, and it shall and may he lawful to anjd for any Officer or Officers of Excise at the Port where any fuel) Malt is intended to be shipped for such Exportation, not only Jto examine all such Malt and to measure the same, but to fee and attend the measuring thereof, at his and their free Will and Pleasure; and also to continue on board the Ship or Vessel on which such Malt .shall be laden or shipped, until the same shall have cleared such Port.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any unmalted Corn or Grain shall be mixed with or contained among any Malt shipped or intended, to be shipped in any Part of Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland\ or brought or imported from Ireland into any Part <of (treat Britain under or by virtue of the said Act made in this .Seffipn of Parliament, and this Act or either of them, all such Coni , and Malt shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or .Officers of Customs < r Excise, and the Person or Persons who shall have io mixed or caused or procured, permitted or fuffirrd to be mixed any such nmnaited Coin or Grain with such Malt as aforesaid, shall, for every Buihel of such Mixture, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five .Shillings-

VIII. And-be it further enabled, That the Person or Persons who shall enter any such Malt for such Export to Inland, shall prodnee a Certificate or Certificates from the Collector of the Collection within which such .Malt was made, that the Duties by Law imposed for or in reipect of the making thereof have been fully paid, specifying by whom and at what Place the said Malt was made, which Certificate such Collector js hereby required to give gratis, Proof being made ; upon Oath that such Duties for or in respect of such Malt have been io paid, and such Person or Persons shall also make Oath before the proper Officer of the Port where the said Malt shall be shipped for Exportation, that the said. Malt is the same which is mentioned in such Certificate, and the said Collector and Officer respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to admiuifter the said respective Oaths.

IX. And he : c further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in

England

A.D. 1810.

*33

50° GEO. III. C. 53.

England and Scotland respe<5tively, or One or more of them respec-tfrely, or the proper Surveyor, Snpervifor or other Officer of Excise being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath respectively, shall give to the said Exporter or his Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or Debenture expressing the Quantities of Malt so (nipped, and that all the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Malt, on the making thereof, hate been paid for the same, and that Bond with sufficient Security hath been given before the shipping the same for the due Exportation thereof, and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Malt was so exported in England and Scotland respectively, for or in respect of any such Malt so exported from Great Britain to Ireland, he shall pay or allow to the Person or Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, out of the Duties on Malt, the respective Drawbacks allowed by the said Act for Malt exported from Great Britain to Ireland

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Malt shipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, shall be unlhipped or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Klands of Guernsey, Jerjfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Klands of Faro or Ferro, then, and in such Case, not only the Ship or Vessel, out of or from which any such Malt shall he so unlhipped, landed or relaoded, but also all and every Ship, Vessel or Boat into which such Malt, or any Part thereof, shall be put, after such unshipping, shall be forfeited, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cullcms or Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector of Excise shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the said Drawbacks hereinbefore mentioned, then the Commissioners of Excise in Eng- land and Scotland respectively, are required to pay the said Drawbacks out of any Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties on Malt, or any of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be paid for or upon any Malt whatsoever exported from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, nor shall any Debenture be made out for such Drawback until a Certificate shall be produced to the proper Officer of the Port at which such Malt shall have been shipped for Exportation, which Certificate shall be under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Superviforor Officer belonging to the Pert for which such Malt shall have been so shipped, certifying that the said Malt has been duly landed there.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Entry shall pass, nor shall any such Debenture be made out upon Exportation of Mnlt from Great Britain to Ireland, but in the Name of the real Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt, and before such Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors shall receive the Drawback for or in respect of such Malt, One or more of such Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall upon the Debenture verify by Oath his or their so being the real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the whole of such Malt, and that the said Malt is really and bona jide exported to and landed at the Place for which the Came was entered for Exportation.

XLV\ And be it further enacted, Tha$ if any Malt shipped in K 3 Great

of Excise to give a Debenture or Drawback.

Rclanding Malt shipped for Ireland.

Penalty.

Drawbacks paid out of Malt Duties.

Not j*id without Certificate.

No Entry to nafs, &c. but Name of Owner.

Relanding Malt

A.D. 1810.

shipped for lidatid.

Penally.

Proceedings

thereon.

Search

Warrants.

Confbble, &c.

to attend.

OV>{lru£Un£ Sewell, &£.

Penalty.

Proviso (hr making Malt for Exportation without putjr, Sue.

C. 53. 50* GEO, IIL

Great Britain for Exportation as aforesaid to Ireland, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or shall be landed in the I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or the 1 (lands of Faro or Ferro, or any or either of them, then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to His Majesty's Ufc, all the Malt which shall be relanded or landed, and the Value thereof, together with the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and all such Malt and Packages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and the better to enable the Officers to discover any Malt shipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, and relanded in any Part of Great Britain or shipped in Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain, and unshipped, landed or delivered before the Countervailing Duties by the said Art imposed shall have been fully paid, if any Officer or Officers of Excise in England or Scotland shall have caqfe to suspect that any such Malt shall be deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then, and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the tipie being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Jullice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Officer or Officers shall fufpert the same to be deposited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpicior, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or % ht Justice or Justices of the Peace respertively (as the case may require), before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasondblc, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respertive Hands and Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constableor other lawful Officers of th6 Peace, toeuter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so fuf-pect such Malt to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and 4arry away all such Malt which he or they shall then and there fiod, together with the Pack ages containing the same, and every such Conilable or other lawful Officer of the Peace shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, on being thereto requested by any such Officer or Officers of Excise to go along with him or them, and to be present at the Execution of every such Warrant, and if any Person or Persons whatever shall let, obstrurt or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting ip his or their Aid or Afliltance in the Execution of any such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Malt to be so deposited, hid or coocealed, or in seizing or carrying away the same or the Packages containing the same, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum ofOne hundred Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further cnarted, That nothing in this Art contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons from making Malt in Great Britain for Exportation, without Payment of any of the

Duties

A.D.t8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 53-35

Duties on Malt, or from exporting Malt so made to Ireland, under and according to the Reftrittions, Rules and Regulations, and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures provided or enacted by any Law or Laws now in force with regard to the making of Malt for Exportation, and securing and exporting the same, without being charged with the Duties from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons OV.flrudinj whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officers, &c. Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act or of any of the Power3 or Anthorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after the same shall h*ve been seized by such Officer or Officers, refeue or cause to be refeued any Malt entered for Exportation from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, or whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to seize any such Malt, shall destroy or damage such Malt, or any Part thereof, all and every Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, for- Penalty, feit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Bribing Officer*, whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, to connive at or permit any Malt entered for Exportation from any Part' of '

Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short Entry of any such Malt, or shall give or offer tP give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward wdiatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in Execution of this Act or of the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, or Thing or Thiivgs whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business and Duty of such Officer or Officers in Execution of thw or the said Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any such Malt, or not to difeoverthe same, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence, whether the same Offer or Proposal be accepted or not, forfeit and Penalty, lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied recovered.

or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Excho^uer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Former Acts m Dhneftions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and forcT'

Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the ^2>24 r* Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking

outay the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in sapite, and ly

K4

A.D. 1810.

Gommfiuement ot Act.

3<)G. 3. c. 100. revivetl and c»n-linued till March 25, j 811.

3$ 8c4pG. 3.

O. 8i.

41U0. ^U.K.)

c. 97.

4 2 G. a. c. 70.

44 G 0 C. 86.

46 G. 3. e.; )4.

47 G. J.Sdf 2. c. 51.

4 S G* 3. C. 86.

C. 53, 54..jer GEO. IU.

Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon ITts Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now ill force relating to Hid Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for -managing* raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prefenbed by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution in the managing, raising levying, col-ledting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties hereby granted, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Direct'ons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauies, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Ipecial Commencement is hereby directed oy provided, from and immediately after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall remain and con* tinue in force during the Continuance of the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LTV.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thduLnd -eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Britishj Fisheries.

[(; th June 1810.]

HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by E.xperi-

Vt .ence been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient

that the same should be rev ved and further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign so His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the nest Sffion of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majcjlv, to continue and amend an Art, made in the Twenty jixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more ejj\ dual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to a mind an Act made in the Twenty fisth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fftherits, and improving the Sea Coad of this Kingdom; which was amended and continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of H s present Majesty, and revived, amended and continued by Six Acts, of the Forty first, Forty fecund, Forty fourth. Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March be revived, and the same is hereby revived and further continued until the Twenty filth Day of Mach One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and all the Powers and Provisious of the said Act hereby revived and continued, as to the Payment of Bounties, and all other Clauses,

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 54, 55.

137

Restrictions, Matters1 and Things, shall be executed, allowed and put in force, as if the said Act had been continued before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. LV.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk, Crapes ancj Tifsanies, and to increase the Shares of Seizures payable to OiHcers in respect of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves.

[9th June 1810.]

HEREAS it is expedient to prohibit the Importation

into Great Britain and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari and Man, of Foreign Silk, Crapes and Tiffar 4 nies of evt-ry Description, except of China or the East Indies Be it therefore enabled by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spintual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament; afftmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies of any Description whatever, except of China or the jE'ljl Indies, imported for Exportation, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be imported, brought, or conveyed into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Aider-ney, Sari or Man; and if any such Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffar nies shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, and which shall not have been imported, brought or conveyed into the same respeitively, and on which the proper Duty of Customs shall not have been paid before the passing of this A Cl, the same shall be forfeited; and in case any such Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies shall, at the Time of the Importation, be mixed with, sewed or made up with any Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials, all such Foreign Silk, Crapes and Tifsanies, and also the Apparel, Garment or Furniture, and other Materials, in, with or upon which the same shall be mixed, sewed or made up, shall be forfeited, and the Importer and Importers, and the Person and Persons in whose Cuitody or Possession the said Crapes or Tifsanies, or Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials shall be found, or who shall vend, utter, fell orexpofe to sale, or otherwise dispose of any such Crapes or Tifsanies, or Apparel, Garment, Furniture or other Materials, or who shall few, work or make up any such Crapes or Tiffanies in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, for, or in or upon any Garn ent or wearing Apparel, (lull be subject and liable to the lik*Penalties to winch the Importers and Persons having in their Custody or Possession, or vending, uttering, felling or exposing to sale, or otherwise difpoflng or sewing, working or making up any Foreign vv: ought Silks or Velvets are subject and liable by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, pmfecuted and recovered in the same Manner and by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in every respect as the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Offence against the said recited Act

- of

Importing Foreign Silt, Cr«jx\s, &<* (except of China or the Incite* forE\p< nation; PcuallJ.

If made up with

A|>parc!, \c.l>oth

forfeited-

Importer, Seller, &c.

Penally.

6 G.U. c. IS.

Penalties how recovered.

G.

i38

6 G. 3. e. 38.

IVvIuce of Sei-

sui*.

How dftpafod of.

1 G. i. Stw.l. c«7

§ 13.

C. 55, 56. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be sued for, prosecuted and recoTered; and upon the Condemnation of any Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies hereby prohibited from being imported into Great Britain and the Islands aforesaid, the same shall be publickly fold for Exportation only, under the like Security as is provided with respect to Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets seized under the Authority of the said recited Act.

III. And whereas it is expedient to give further Encouragement to Officers of the Customs to induce them to he adfive in Teizing Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes and Tifsanies, and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves; Be it therefore enabled, That in lieu and instead of the Shares now allowed by Law for such Seizures, every Officer and Officers of the Customs by whom any such Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes or Tifsanies, or Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves shall be seized, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Gross Produce anfing by the Sale of such Goods, although the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Horse or other Cattle or Carriage made use of in the removing, carrying or conveying of such Goods shall not have been seized or prosecuted, nor the Person or Persons concerned in unshipping or receiving such Goods, or in whose Custody or Possession the lame shall have been found and seized, shall not have been discovered and made known by such^Offictr or Officers of the Customs, so that he, (he or they may be prosecuted for such Offence, and all Charges and Expences attending the Condemnation and Sale of the Gooas shall be dedutled out of the remaining One Third payable to His Majesty 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act pafi'edinthe last Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual fevefid Duties of One Shilling ami Six pence in the Pound, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and 011 Annuities, Pensions and Stipends. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand 4 Pounds by charging Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centurn per Annum, upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the 4 Crown; and for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs or SuceeJJbrs (by 4 causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to 4 make good to the Civil Lifts the Payments which shall have been 4 made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing upon certain Lottery Tic Sets; and for discharging the Corporations for Assurances 4 of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to His Majesty} 4 and for making good a Deficiency to the East India Company; it was, among other things, enacted, that it might be lawful for His Majesty to eause a Deduction to be made not exceeding Six pence in the Pound, out of all Monies which after the First Day of August9ibould be paid for or upon all Peofions and Annuities, payable

A.D. 1810.

139

50° GEO. III. C. S<L

upon any of the land Hereditary or Temporary Duties, for and 4 upon ail Salaries, Fees and Wages payable for or in respect of

Offices of Profit, granted by or derived from the Crown, with 4 certain Exceptions therein particularly specified: And whereas by 4 another A ft passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said q t c f 4 late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting^26.

4 to His Majesty Jjc Sum of One Million, to be raised by way of Lottery, the said Deductions were further continued for the Purposes 4 in the said AS mentioned: And whereas by another Act passed .uC.i.c. 29.

in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 4 George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty 4 several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penjions, and upon H/uses,

4 and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Mil- § 1.

4 lions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and 4 Duties9 it was, among other things, enacted, that there should 4 be yearly raised, levied and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and 4 Successors, the Sum of One Shilling, over and above all other 4 Duties already charged or payable, for every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and Perquifttes incident to, or received for or in nefpeft of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, and the like Sum of One Shilling 4 for every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities,

4 payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum :

4 And whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty second Year of .32 G- s. c.33. 4 the Reign of His said late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session 4 of Parliament intituled, An Act for granting to H'u Majesty several 4 Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penjions, and upon Houses, and 1 upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by 4 Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the fata Rates and Duties,

4 so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pen/tens, certain Provisions were made for collecting and paying the said lift mentioned Duty of One Shilling in the Pound: and whereas by tjG. 3. c. 13. 4 another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of § 4?«

4 His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several

4 Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu

4 thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Dutici 4 composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain 4 Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the 4 European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for 4 applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the 4 Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt,

1 the said rel'peftive Duties of Six pence and One Shilling were carried 4 to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund: And whereas by sfi'G-a. c* 4 another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Ma-

4 jetty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great

4 Britain and on Penjions and Offices in England; and fur repealing so 4 much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Six pence and One 4 Shilling respectively on Offices and Penjions; and for regulating the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling rispectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight bun-l dred and eight, by which the said recited Acts passed in the Seventh {

and

*4»

A.D.«8io.

i i».

i»

49 G. 3. C. § 1.

C.5& so° GEO. III.

and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His laid late Majesty King*

George the First, and the said lecited Acts in the Thirty firfh and

Thirty second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King-

George the Second, and in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty respectively, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling in the Pound respectively,

should from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, be and the same were thereby repealed 4 with an Exception therein mentioned: and it was by the said last re-

cited Ad enacted, that for and upon all Pensions charged upon any

of His Majesty's Revenues, or any Rates or Duties granted to Hisr 4 Majesty, or upou the Contingent Fund, Fees or Incidents of any*

4 Office, or upon an Publick Monies, and also upon all Salaries, Fees 4 or Wages, payable for or in respect of any Offices of Profit granted

by or derived from the Crown, upon, for or in respect of which 4 before the parting of this Act, the said Deduction of Six pence in the Pound was charged or chargeable, there should be imposed a

Duty of Six pence in the Pound, and for and upon every Twenty 4 Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and 4 Perquisites, incident to or received for or in respect of all Offices and

Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all ' Ponlions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging

to Iijs Majesty in Great Britain, or out of the Contingent Fund,

4 Fees or Incidents of any Office, or out of any Publick Monies 1 exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in 4 respect of which Pensions or other Gratuities, before the passing of the said last recited Act, the said Deduction of One Shilling in the 4 Pound was charged or chargeable, or made or liable to be made,

4 there fhonld be charged a Duty of One Shilling; and it was by the said last recited Act further enacted, That the said several 4 Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively, by the said Act 4 granted, should be charged rrd chargeable for One Year, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

c*. 4 eight: And whereas another Act was passed in the last Session of 4 Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and making perpetual 4 several Dufies of One Shilling and Six pence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments nf Profit, and '.it Annuities, Pensions and Stipends, and thereby granted for one

Tear to the Twenty fifth Das of March One thousand eight hundred and tiiney by which it was enacted, That from and after the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, there 4 Humid be asserted, raised, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of 4 His Majesty, his Heirs and Succertbrs, upon all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquisites, as set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, the several Rates and Duties respectively inserted and contained therein: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Rates and Duties specified 4 in such Schedule extend to the said Duties of Six pence and One 4 Shilling respectively, charged and chargeable in Scotland, by the said recited Acts passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First. and in the Thirty first Year 4 of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second He it it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal,

and

A.D. 181o-

50° GEO. III.'C. 56, 57, j8. 14c

and Commons, in this present Parliament' afletftbled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said Duties of Six pence and One The Duties ot

Shilling respectively, shall be afleffect, raised, levied and paid in Scot- and is. to

laud, for the Purposes dinefted by the said last recited Act, for and m

inrrfpedof all Pensions and Annuities, and for and in respect of all

Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquisites, and for and in nefpeft of all

Peofioos or Gratuities, for or in respect of which or of any of which

the said Duties were respectively charged or chargeable in Scotiandi

prior to the passing of the said last recited Act, by virtue of the said

Two recited Acts, passed. in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His

fad bte Majesty King George the First, and in the Thirty first Year

of the Reign of His feid late Majesty King George the Second, or

hr virtue of any Act or Acts passed prior to the passing of the said

bit redted Act passed in the lafb Session of Parliament, in the man- 43 G. 3. e. 2.

ner ra which the same were respectively raised, afsessed, levied and

pdd prior to the passing of the said recited Act passed in the Forty

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. LVIT.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oae thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Twenty third Ydar of His present Majjfty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufact ure of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.*, [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience 4 W been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the 4 same Should be revived and further continuedBe it therefore en-a&-d by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembied, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign 23 G. a. <*. 77. of H: s present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cjf<.dual Encuu and <*>»-

tagent ni of the Manufacture of Flax and C'.tton in Gre'ft. Britain;

which was to continue in force for Two Years from the First Day of c^'t CPrt.lV1 January One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to Drawbacks, the Eud of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act was by several fuhfequent Acts further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Avail be and the same is hereby revived and further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth Day al March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, except to much thereof as relates to allowing a Drawoack of the Dirties of Customsonthe Importation of Brimftoae used and con. famed in nuking Oil of V'itriol.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. [9th June 1810.]

A.D. 1810.

142

§2.

49G..3. c. 67.

Time extended.

+Q G. 3.c. 116.

§7B.

0.58* 50° GEO. m.

consolidating the several Acts faffed for the Redemption and Sale if the 4 Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating Small Lrvings and Charitable Injlitutions from the Land Tax, the Comratf* 4 flowers appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the 4 Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpose of regulatings dhrec-

ting, approving and confirming Sales for the Redemption of the

Land Tax, were authorized at any time within the Space of Two 4 Years after the passing of the said Act to direct the Exoneration 4 and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenement* and other Hereditaments belonging to any Living* or 4 other Eccleslailical Benefices or Charitable Institutions under the 4 Restrictions and Regulations therein contained: And whereas by 4 an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the said last mentioned A A, and for making 4 further Provision for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable 4 Institutions from the Land Tax, it was enacted that, it should and 4 might be lawful for the said Commissioners at any time within the

Space of Eighteen Calendar Months, after the passing the said

Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax 4 charged upon such Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in the manner and under the Directions and Restrictions

in the said Act mentioned or referred to: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Term limited by the said last mentioned Act for 4 carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution/ Be it therefore en- acted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time within the Space of One Year from the passing of this Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon such MelTuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, in such manner and under such Directions and Restrictions as in the said Act of tfte Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty are expressed or referred to, in such and the same manner as if such Com* millioners had been authorized by the said last mentioned Act to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of such Land Tax, at anytime within the Space of Two Years from the passing thereof; Provided that all such Memorials and Certificates as by the said Act are required to be transmitted to the said Com millioners, shall be transmitted within Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating 4 the Provisions of the several Acts faffed for the Redemption and Sale 4 of the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sdle thereof; and for removing Doubts refolding 4 the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the 4 Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament in ref fed of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been re» 4 deemed or fur chafed, all Corporations Aggregate are enabled by the 4 Sale of Lands, or by the Grant of Rent Charges, to provide for the

Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tithes

and other Profits of any Living or Livings in jhe Patronage of such 4 Corporations Aggregate respectively, iq Cases where such Land r Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on behalf of such

Corporations

AJ3.1810.

*43

Jo° GEO. III. C* 58.

Corporations Aggregate; and it is expedient that Gmilar Powers

should be given to Corporations Sole and to Companies; 9 Be it there-

fore further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon Hie Provision for Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Protits of any Living or Livings in the o?

Patronage of any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Corporation Sole, oi* fucll 8*.

any Company or Companies, shall have been or shall be redeemed by or

in the Behalf of any such Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies,

by virtue of any of the Provisions of the fa id recited Acts or of tfiit Ad, it shall be lawful for any such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, to provide for such Redemption by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Here* diumenu belonging to such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate, or Companies re fpefttvelyi or by the Grant of any Rent Charge which they could or might re-fpcctively lawfully make for the Redemption of any Lana Tax charged on the Lands belonging to such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, and the Land Tax to redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; hut every such Archbishop, Bishop or Body Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Company, shall nevertheless he entitled to an Annual Rent Charge, issuing out of such Living equivalent to the jknl ciiaiw Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, unless it shall be declared in puiJ equivalent Writing under the Seal or Common Seal of the Archbishop, Bishop, to Land Tux Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregateor deemed. Companies, having such Right of Patronage or Nomination at the Time of presenting or nominating any, Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be suspended during his or ifn0t declared to their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies, which Declaration the suspended Archbishop, Bishop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether during Ineun-Sole or Aggregate or Companies, entitled to nominate to such Living bencJ* or Livings, shall from time to time be competent to make: Provided always, that such Suspension shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Archbishop, Bishop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies respectively, to recover such Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided also, that any Declaration made by any such Archbishop, Bishop, Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, at the time of redeeming the said Land Tax, shall be 9$ available during the Incumbency of the then Rector, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being preferred to such Living.

4 III. And whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for the En-

rolment or Registry of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled

or registered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts of

the Forty second and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty,

1 and of the several other Acts passed relating to the Redemption

of the Land Tax/ Be it therefore enacted, That all Deeds re- What Der«l» tu quired by the said recited Act or any other Acts relating to the Re- he rrg'.llrrcd demotion of Land Tax, to he enrolled or registered, shall be valid and within a Year, effectual, although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled

or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respec-lively; Provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled ot registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

IV. And whereas in several Parishes or Places in Great Britain

the

A.D. 181d»

C. 58, 59. $6b GEO. III.

Rewards for taking Deserters.

the'Whole of the Land Tax charged thereon has been or may1

be exonerated by Redemption or Purchase, by reason whereof ther£ ' may not be any Funds in the Hands of the Collectors of the Land

Tax to pay Rewards for apprehending Deserters which by Law 4 are made payable out of the Land Tax in the Hands of such

Collectors For Remedy whereof. Be it-therefore enabled, That from and after the passing of this Act in every Parish or Place in Great Britain, where the Whole of the Land Tax has been or shall be redeemed, it shall be lawful for the Colledlors of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and they are hereby required, upon any Order* lof pay Rewards for apprehending Deserters, to pay the same out of any Monies in their Hands anting from any of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, in such manner and under such Reffri&ions and- Regulations as are by Law now applicable to the Payment of stich Rewards out of the Land Tax; Provided that the Receiver General of the said Duties shall from time to time replace the said Duties of A fit fled Taxes out of any Monies of the Land Tax in his Hands at such times and in such manner as the Commissioners for the Affair.* of Taxes shall direct, and the Monies so paid shall be allowed to him in his Accounts of the said Land Tax.

CAP. LIX.

Embezzling Money il'ucd for jTuUick Services. Mifckmcanor,

&c.

GfEe< rs giving iu Jalfe Statement* of JVloi.cy en-trutted to their Core.

Misdemeanor,

&c.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Public, by any Collector, Receiver, or other Person entrusted with the Receipt, Care or Management thereof. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is most expedient that due Provision should be

made more cffcclually to prevent the Embezzlement of 4 Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any

Colletlor, Receiver or other Officer entruiled with the Receipt, Custody or Management thereof : J Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mod Exceliei t Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembied, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons to whom any Money or Securities for Money shall be issued for Publick Services, shall from and after the passing of this Act embezzle such Money, or in any manner fraudulently apply the same to his own Use or Benefit, or for any Purpose what- ever except for Publick Services, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, in rny Part of the United Kingdom, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be sentenced to be trani'ported beyond the Sea, or to receive such other Puniffiment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Mifjflemoauors, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

II. And be it further cn&dted, That if any such Officer, Collector or Receiver so entrusted with the Receipt, Custody or Management of any Part of the Publick Revenues, shall knowingly furnish false Statements or Returns of the Sums of Money collected by him of entruiled to his Care, or of the Balances of Money in his Hands or under his Controul, such Officer, Collector or Receiver so offend* ing, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdc*

4 meaner.

AJDrl8f6*

50° GEO. til. C. 59, 60. 145

fteaoor, and shall be adjudged to suffer the Puri! ftiment of Fineand Im-prilboment, at the Discretion of the Court, and be rendered for cvetf loopable of holding or Enjoying any Office under the Cfown*

CAP. Lt

An A EL for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland ot Foreign Salt, Duty-free, from the Import Warehouses at the Port of Bri/lol j and for repealing so much of an Act of the last Session as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe Sooth of Cape Fimfierre, to be shipped in any Pott of Europe directto certain Ports in North America. [9th June 1810.]

\JLJ HERE AS by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the 89 G. a.c.65.

1 V? Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, for

amending an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of

His preler.t Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt

Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, reciting, among other 4 Things, that it was expedient to allow any such Foreign Salt as is in

the said Act in that fechalf mentioned, to be taken from and out*

of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, as is in the said

Act mentioned, for the Purpose in the said Act of the Thirty

ninth Year aforesaid mentioned, it is enacted that it shall and may lie

4 lawful to or for any Person or Persons within Twelve Months after

4 the Importation and landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of exporting the same in any Ship or Vessel not of 4 lef6 Burthen than Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod 4 Fish, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding 4 Fifty Bushels at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any 4 Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, at either of the Ports 4 of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glafgoru, in which the same had

been put in manner in the said last mentioned Act mentioned, on 4 giving such Bond or Security as is in the said last mentioned Act

mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Exportation

of any such Foreign Salt from the Port of Bri/lol in manner and ' for the Purpose aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, same,

That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight Foreign Salt-hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person P°rte}jt0 or Persons within Twelve Months after the Importation and Land- i^rt Ware*1 »g thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of immediately housesmBritM, exporting the same in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than Duty-free. Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fish, Ling or Hak», to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding Fifty Bnfhels at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse*

Storehouse or Celiar, at the Port of Bri/lol, in which the same has been put according to the Regulations of the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, upon giving the like Bond or Security* asd under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Re-ftriftioss and Provisions by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid* provided, settled or established, ' for or in reipeft of Foreign Salt taken free of Duty for the Purpose aforesaid, from and 50 Geo. III. L out

146

AJXiSio,

C. 6o, 61, 50^ GEO. Ill*

Regulations of 39 G. 3.c. 65. extended to Elillol.

49 G. 3. e. 47. § 1. a.s to Salt repealed.

out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar^ at the said Ports of Pooler Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glasgow respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Rules* Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Matters and Things which are, in or by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, contained, provided, settled or established, for or in respect of or relating to the taking from or out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, at either of the said Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glasgow, Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for the Purposes in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid mentioned, shall be ob-fervfcd, practised, applied and put in execution, for and in respect of the taking from or out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, at the said Port of Bristol, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, ReftriftioMS, Provisions, Matters and Things had been inserted and re-enacted in this Act, and hereby expressly enacted for and io respect of any such Foreig Salt as last aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of the Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, to he laden andjhipped on board Ships arriving with BritifK North American Produce, and Fiji taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies at any Port of Europe, in Order to be exported to the principal Ports in the BritifK Colonies and Plantations in North America, as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe, South of Cape Fini/lerre, to be shipped and laden in any Port or Place whatever, in such Parts of Europe for Exportation direct to the several Ports in North America, in the said Act particularly enumerated, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations-

£yth June 1810.]

B TT 7 HERE AS the IAandsof Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint*VY Martin and Saba, in the West Indies, have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms, and are now in His MajeAy's Possession, in consequence whereof the Trade of the said Islands is 4 now by Law to be carried on in the same manner as the Trade 4 of the other British Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies: 4 And whereas it is expedient at present that Sugar and Coffee, the 4 Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Istands, should not 4 be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom upon the same 4 Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the British PlantationsBe it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the, Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the I (lands of Gaudaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saha, imported into this Kingdom, shall be subject to the Payment

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 61, 62.

M7

of such Duties, and also to such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law imposed and provided in the Case of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations, any Law, Custom or Ufageto the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXir.

An Act. for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in the

Isle of Man. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS divers Laws have been made within these late Years for the more effectual preventing of Smuggling in the United Kingdom, and it is expedient that certain of the Provisions and Regulations therein contained should be extended to the Isle of*Man, and also that some further Provisions and Regulations applicable to that Island should be made for the same important Object ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fropi and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, every Person being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on board or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat found or discovered to have been within any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the Isle of Man, or at anchor or hovering within Three Leagues of the Shores thereof, such Ship, Vessel or Boat having on board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, being illegally on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, within the Limits of any of the Ports of the said Hie without Payment of the Duties due thereon, or having, or who shall be found carrying, conveying, concealing or assisting in the carrying, conveying or concealing any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which shall have been clandestinely imported or illegally landed in the said Isle, or who shall be found aiding or assisting in the loading or putting into any Ship, Vessel or Boat for the Purpose of being exported from the said Isle, any Spirits, ' Tea* Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods so illegally unshipped, carried away, conveyed or concealed, or loaded or put off for the Purpose or Exportation at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners of the Customs in England; and every such Offence may be enquired of, examined, tried and determined in any Courts to be holden in His Majesty's Name, dr by virtue of his Authority in the said Isle of Man, according to the usual Course of Proceeding in such Courts respectively, at the Election of the said CommissioHers. '

II. Ahd be it further enacted, That the Statement, Allegation or Averment of the Fast, that the said Commissioners bad made such Option or Election, or exercised such Discretion in the Information for the Recovery of either the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence to found or warrant a Conviction on such Informa-

L 2 tion

Perf.ms found on hoard VefleU of employed in unripping Spirits, &o.

or in loading Spirits, 8tc.

Penalty.

Offences where tried.

Averment that Commissioners of Customs have made Election as to Penalty admitted.

C.6z.

AJ).i8fo.

50° GEO- HI.

tion without any Further or other Evidence of the Fa& that the Commissioners had made such Option or Election, or exercised such Dif-5 G. 3. c. 39. cretion; and all the Powers and Authorities of an Act passed in the fcir Recovery of Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Penalties ex- jor fa more effectually preventing the Mifcbiefs arising to the Revenue tf) and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from, the Isle of Man, in relation to the issuing of Process in the said ljle of Man, and requiring Bail of the Offenders, and all the Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained for compelling the Appearance of Persons redding and being in the IJlrof Man % either to answer any Information exhibited in any of the Courts in the said Isle, or to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Cause therein depending, shall extend and be deemed, construed and taken to.extend to, and shall apply and be in full Force and put in Execution in every case where any Information shall be exhibited in any of the said Courts for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Pains, Penalties ar»d Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Officers of the HI. And be it further euaCted, That it shall be lawful for any Army, &c. may Commissioned Officer of the Army, or the Militia while embodied, Persons found*in or.for any Commissioned Officer of any other of His Majesty's Mili-Vdfeli, tary Fqrces while on Service in t[ie said Isle of Manj or for any

Coipmiffiooed Officer of the Navy oi Marines, or for any Officer of the Customs, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and tequired to (top, arrest and detain any Person. being a Subiect of His Majesty, who shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat found or discovered to hare been within any JBay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the Isle of Man, -or'at anchor or hovering within Three Leagues of the Shores thereof, having oo board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliameqt in force on and immediately before the paf-fmg of this Act, or who shall be found aiding or affifting-in the un(hipping any Spirits, Tea, 'Tobacco, Coffee or Salt within the JLiiqits qfany of the Ports of the said IJlp of without Payment of the Ditties due thereon, or who shall be found .earthing, conveying or. concealing, or assisting in the carryiqg away, conveying or concealingny Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which shaft have been clandestinely imported or illegally landed in the said Jfle, or who shall be found aiding or assisting in loading or putting into any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, for the Purpose of being exported from the said Isle, and May convey _ to convey him before the Governor, Deputy Governor, or a Deemller vemor°&c there, who is and are hereby authorized and required, upon .Proof

on Oath (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and re-

quired to adnunifter) by On* or more credible JVituefs or Witnesses, th^t such Person was so found or taken, or haying been on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or aiding or afliftinjr in such uuihipping, carrying away, conveying or concealingof Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, without Payment of the Duties, or in the loading or putting into any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Spirit?, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, for the Purpose of being exported from the said Isle, unless any such Person found on board of any such Ship, Vessel or £oat, Audi prove to the Satisfaction of such Governor or

Deputy

AJ).i8ro» 50° GEO. III. C.62.

Deputy Governor, dr Deemffter, that he was only a Passenger on board iiich Ship, Veffrl or Boat, to hold such Person to Bail, with Two good and fufRuent Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Information that may be brought against him in that Behalf in the said Isle of Man, and to pay such Penalty* and abide any Judgment for any such Offeece; and in Default of any such Person finding.good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, to commit such PerfoB to any Goal or Prifou* or Jioufe of Correction, in the said Isle, to answer as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that if any Person so found, or discovered and taken, arretted or detained, is capable anddeiirous of entering and serving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, is fit and able to serve His Majesty, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officer* of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or of theCustoms, by whom such Person was taken, arretted and detained as aforesaid, or the Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, before whom any such Person may be carried, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, instead of taking such Person before the Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, ana such Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, is and are hereby authorized, instead of bolding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, such Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine 5 or any such Person being a Seaman or a Seafaring. Man may, if tit and able to serve His Majesty, be impressed itfto His Majesty V Naval Service, and for that Purpose may be conveyed to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or delivered over to any Officer employed in His Majesty's Imprest Service j and such Person being so entered and received or impressed, shall not on any Account be discharged from His Majesty's Service during the Terra of Five Years, and from thence until the Conclufionof any War in which His Majesty may he engaged at the Period of the Expiration of such Five Years, unless difabtea within that Time by unavoidable Accident or bodily. lhfirraity; and any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, who shall presume knowingly and wilfully to discharge any Person so entered and received or imprefTed as aforesaid contrary to this A A, or shall by false Muster or Certificate, or in con* federation of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any such Person to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, every such Officer shall, on Conviction for any such Offence, either by any Court Martial, or on any Information filed by His Majesty's Attorney General, be cashiered: Provided always, that no Person so taken, arrested or detained, and entering as a Seaman, or being impressed, shall be liable to forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, unless such Person shall thereafter desert His Majesty's Service, or quit the same without being duly discharged.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by rtafon of arty Person so found and taken, arrested or detained as aforesaid, entering to serve His Majesty, or being impressed as aforesaid, no Pepalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, then, and in such Gafe, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and they ace hereby.required on Proof made to their Satisfaction of such Arrest,

L 3 Taking

M 9

BaiL

Commitment.

In what case may be put on board Ship of War to serve His Majesty, &c.

Dif forcing',

such Ftrfuua.

Cashiered*'Proviso.

R#r7ard to Offi* cer where Penalty not recovered.

*5°

G. 62.

A.D. 1810.

4>C.3. c. 191.

Power* of Seizure to Officers i the Ar»ny, Stc,

Piwifo.

Shares to he paid to Officers in lieu of Shares of Seizures.

50° GEO. III.

Taking and Detention as aforesaid, and of such entering or bn-preffinginto His Majesty's Service as aforesaid, to reward the Person or Persons who would, if any Penalty or Forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any Part thereof, with such Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as under all the Circumstan-ces of the Case shall to such Commissioners appear proper; and every Officer of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs, detaining and convifting any Person or Persons liable to be detained or prosecuted under an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be allowed such Sum of Money for such Person not exceeding Twenty Pounds, exclusive of any Share of the Penalty which may be recovered from any such Offender, and such Reward may and shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties on Foreign Spirits, Tea or Tobacco.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioned Officer of the Army, or the Militia wjiile embodied, or any Commissioned Officer of any other of His Majesty's Military Forces while on Service in the said Isle of Man, and every Commissioned Officer of the Navy or Marines shall have the like Powers of Seizure as are vested in the Officers of the Custofns in the said Isle of Man; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemptions and Exceptions, and all Privileges and Pro-testions in relation to any other Acts, Matters or Things done, or that maybe done, by any Officer of the Customs, under any Act of Parliament for the Protection of the Revenue of Customs, or the Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain or the said Isle of Man, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to, and be in full Force and put in execution in all Cases, and for all Purposes, and be^ used and.exercised in the said Isle of Man by any such Commissioned Officer of »the Army, Militia, or the Military Forces while on Service there, or by any Commissioned Officer of the Navy or Marines, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Exceptions, Privileges and Protestions, were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act; Provided, that all Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods seized by anjr such Commissioned Officers under the Provisions of this Act, ' shall forthwith be delivered to, or lodged in the Custody of the proper Officer of the Customs duly authorized to receive the same, who shall thereupon take an Account thereof, and give a Certificate that such Goods have been so lodged and deposited in his Custody or Possession.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Shares now by Law allowed to Officers of the Customs and other Persons legally authorized to seize any Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, in the said Isle of Man, the Shares hereinafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt, which shall be made from and after the passing of this Act, that is to say, in the Case of any such Seizures in any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of the said Isle, if the Officer of the Customs or other Person making the same shall also arrest, flop and detain the Persons or some or one of them who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat<. or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt shall b? or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, and shall take or conveyor

5©0 GEO. III. C is i

or causeeT*ry Personfo arrested, flopped or detained, to be taken orcon-rejed before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the bidlfle, or on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or to any Officer employed in His Majesty's Imprest Service, to be dealt with as the Case may be agreeably to the Directions of this Act, then, and in such Case, such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall, upon the Condemnation of such Spirits, Tobaceo, Tea, Coffee or Salt, be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof, and in the Case of such Seizures made on Shore in the said Isle, if the Officer or other Person making the same shall also flop, arrest and detain the Persons, or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall take or carry, or cause evenr Person so arretted, flopped or detained, to be taken or carried before the said Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter, to be dealt with according to Law, then, and in such Case, such Officer of the Customs or other Persons so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof; and in case of the Seizure of such Articles, whether on the Water or'on Shore in the said Isle of Man, if the Officer of theCustom9 or other Person making the same shall also seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board of which such Spi-'rits. Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages used or employed in moving or*conveying the same, but shall not also flop, arrest and detain the Persons or some or one of them who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which - >

which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or the Persons or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause all and every such Persons so flopped, arretted or detained, to be taken or carried before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the said Isle, to be dealt with according to Law; then, and in such Case, the Officer of the Customs or other Persons making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Third of the Proceeds of such Spirits,

Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt; and in case any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, shall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco,

Tea, Coffee or Salt, and shall neither seize and prosecute or cause to be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Cattle or Carriages, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the same, nor shall flop, arrest and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized or in unlacting, removing or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or from'whom the same shall be seized or taken, or fhaK not carry or convey,or cause all and every such Persons so arrested, flopped or detained, to be carried or conveyed before the Governor or Deputy Governor, or a Deemfter of {he said Isle; then, and in such Case, the Officer'or other Person making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall b© paid Quly One Fourth Part of the Net Proceeds of such Spirits,

L 4 - Tobacco,

Frorifo,

Allowance to Ptrfons seizing Spirits within certain Limits.

Vessels condemned, how disposed of.

Tonnage Re ward* tb Officers

C. 62. 509 GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt: Provided that in all Cases where any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall, upon the Seizure of. any Goods, whatever liable to Forfeiture, by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said JJle of Man or for the Prevention of Smuggling there, also seize the Caits, Horses, Cattle or Carriages made use of in the Removing, Carriage or Conveyance of any such Goods, and the same shall be condemned, such Officer or Officers or'other Person or Persons, in every such Case, shall be entitled to Three Fourths of the Net Proceeds of such Carts, Horses, Cattle and Carriages respectively, after all Charges attending the Prosecution and Sale thereof shall be dedusted,

VII. Provided aJfo, and be it further enact'ed, That in all Cases where any, such Officers and Persons as aforesaid/hall seize within the Limits of any of the Ports of the JJle of Man or in any of the British or Irish Channels or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coa/ls of Great Britain or Ireland, any Spirits which shall have been funk or concealed under or in the Water within such Limits or Difcmce, every such Officer and Person so seizing such Spirits /halt be, and he and they is, and are hereby allowed .One Moiety, of the Proceeds thereof, deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that Ships, Vessels and Boats

seized and condemned in the ljle of Mau> and which are calculated

.for illicit Trade, should be disposed of, and the Officers seizing the

fame rewarded according to the Practice in the like Cases in f Great Britain ; Be it therefore enacted. That upon the Condemnation of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, in the said Isle of Man of illegal Bruilt or Conitruftion, or which shall be illegally rigged or fitted, it /Hall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cu/loms in Eng» land to direct such Ship, VeflVl or Boat to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof to be divided in the same manner as Ships, Vessels and Boats illegally built, con/lrusted, rigged or fitted are now by Law directed to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof divided upon Condemnation in Great Britain; and when any such Ship,

r Vessel or Boat shall be broken up, the Officer or Officers of the C.uftoms, or of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or other Person or Persons by whom such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall have been seized, ffiali.be entitled to, and in like manner paid the like Tonnage Rewards as are payable to the Officers seizing Ships, Vessels or Boats of such illegal Built, Construction, Rigging or Fitting, in Great Britain; that i6 to say, to such Officer or Officers for all such Veflejs or Boats as shall exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance of Forty Shillings per Ton, according to the legal Admeasurement thereof; and for all such Boats which*/hall no$ exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, and which shall he seized and condemned, an Allowance of Fifty Shillings per Ton 5 and for all Ships, Vessels and Boats, which, ou account of their Built, Construction, Denomination or Description are liable to Forfeiture by any. Act or Acts of Parliament in fqrce, or hereafter to be made, and which shall be liable to he broken up, and which said Ships, Vessels and Boats, at the time of the Seizure thereof, shall be found in Balla/l or light, an Allowance of Thirty Shillings per Tou, to be paid upon thb Condemnation of such Ships, Vessels and Boats, according to the legal Admea-, - 5 furemeut .

A.D.t&io. 5oa GEO. Iff. 0.60, 63.

furerqeat thereof; , and alTo One Mbiety' of the Prwdbce of the Materials of such Ships* Veftelsr or Buatsrespectively, after dedud-i»g therefrom the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

IX* And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall by Force or Violence affaulc, refill, oppose, moled, ohftru&or hinder any Commissioned Officer of the Army or Militia while embodied, or any Cominiffioned Officer of His Majesty's Military Forces whilb on Service in the said Isle of Man, or any Commifibned Officer of the Navy or Marines, or any Officer of the Customs, or any Person or Pdson* aiding or assisting in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, such Person. beings thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or fettenced to be imprisoned in any Hotife of Correction or any Common Gaol in.the said IJU of Man, and kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Yeata, at the Discretion of the Court before whom the Offender shall be tried and convicted as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall maliciously (hoot at, maim or dan-gerotifly wound any such Officer as aforesaid, while acting in the dj* Execution; of his or their Duty, under airy of the Powers, Authorities or Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting'or afiiiling therein* shall, being thereof lawfully, convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Pealhas a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. LXIII.'

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Brazils.

[9th Jutie 181 o.]

'IT THE RE AS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and the Brazils is desirous of erecting and establishing a Mint in the Brazihy and of procuring and exporting 4 the Machinery necessary for that Purpose from this Kingdom: Ana 'whereas Doubts may arise whether any Person in this Kingdom can

execute the same, without being subject to certain Penalties and

Forfeitures Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Mftiefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-bied, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for asyof His Mfcjesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under stich Restrictions and Conditions, and in such manner as His Majesty shall think proper, to license and authorize all and every Person and Persons whom the said Prince Regent or any Person authorized by him for that Purpose, shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Power, Custody or Possession, with intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, with intent to export, and to export, and to do or cause to be done all or any Acts whatsoever, in or for, or towards the exporting, or which shall bencccflary to enable him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utcnfils, Implements or other things of what Nature soever,

or

*5 3

Ohftrocting

Oifkcro.

Puniflmrnt.

Shooting »t Officers

Death.

Secretary of State may authr-rize Exportal ion of Machinery ft t erecting a Mint in the Brazils.

AJ).i8to.

Officers of the Cuiloros mny enter Machinery,

Secretary of State

may authorise Contracts with Artificers to sro out of the Kingdom {

and to do any thing necessary for executing the Work.

Secretary of ^tate to del ermine Questions.

C. 63. 50 GEO. III.

or any Parts thereof) or any Models or Plans or Parts thereof, for the effectually enabling such Persons as aforesaid to ered and efta-blisti, or cause to be erected and established, such Mint as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things which shall be done in pursuance of and according to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby required to take Entries and sign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and to do or cause to be done all Acts necessary for the entering outwards, shipping or exporting such Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implements, Models, Plans and Things as aforesaid, or any Parts thereof respectively; and that the faime or the Packages thereof, or the Goods packed therewith, shall not be liable to Seizure by such Officers or others; and also that it shall be lawful for all Captains and Mailers of Ships, Vessels, Lighters or Boats, to take the same on board thereof, for the Purpose of exporting the same, and in their said Ships, Vessels, Lighters and Boats to export the same, as fully and eifedually to all Intents and Purposes as any other Goods or Mer-chandize may now by Law be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person- or Persons whom he shall name for that Purpose, to encourage, persuade, contract and agree with such Artificers and Workmen, and others, as he or such Person or Persons shall think it necessary to employ for the Purpose of erecting and establishing such Mint as aforesaid, or for any Purpose relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any such Purpose, and all Acts done by ruch Person and Persons, and such Workmen, Artificers and others, in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall he deemed and taken to be lawful Acts, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And, for the better enabling any such Person or Persons to undertake and execute such Work as aforesaid, Be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's said Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons to do or cause to be done any other Matter, Ad or Thing not herein specified, which it shall appear necessary or expedient to such Secretary to license or authorize, for the enabling such Person or Persons, or the Persons employed by him or them to execute such Work as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things done in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and in c*fe any Question shall arise whether any Ad, Matter or Thing done or procured to be done by any such Person relative to such Work as aforesaid, hath been done or procured to be done in conformity to any such Licence or Authority as aforesaid, or according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any such Person, or on his Behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to declare whether the same hath been done in conformity thereto, or according to such Intent and Meaning, and the Declaration of His Majesty'0 said Secretary

A.D. 1810.

*55

50° GEO. III. C. 63, 64.

tary so made, that the same hath been so done, shall be final and conclusive Evidence that the lame hath been so done, and shall be received in all Cases as such final and condusive Evidence.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act. to permit the Removal of Goods, Ware9 and Merchant dize, from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused* to any other warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS if may be expedient to permit the Removal of

Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port where firii

warehoused to any other warehousing Port within Great Britain

for the Purpose of Exportationlie it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con*, sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which nave been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses in the Port of London under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in tVarehouse 'without Payment of Duty, or which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Ware^use or Warehouses at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise the Lords Commfftoners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, or of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Provifons of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be ivarehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentionedand to alter the Condition of the Bond direSed to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty by the Master s and Owners of

Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, to remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any of the said Ports, either by Sea or Inland Navigation to any other Port of Great Britain, where the like Articles are by Law allowed to be secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of the said Acts or either of them, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, subject to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions hereafter mentioned; that is to say, before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken from or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee shall and he is hereby required to give at least Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing to the Warehouse-keeper or other proper Officer in whose Charge such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may then remain, of his Intention so to remove the same, specifying in such Notice the particular Goods, Wares or Merchandize so intended to be taken out of such Ware- house.

Goods secured in Warehouse under 4.3 G. 3. c. 10*2.

43 G. 3. C. 87.

46 G. 3. C. 137.

may be removed to another Port for Exportation.

Conditions.

i$6

AJD.1810.

Officer to take Account.

Duty paid on Deficiency.

Contents oi -Package, &c. marked.

Entry.

Bo/hJ for due Delivery, &c.

Certificate of Delivciy.

Account of Packages trans-mitteil l>y Collector, &c. of one Port to Colleger, &c. of ihc other.

C 64* 50° GEO. III.

house, the Number, Marks. and Descriptions of each Package, and the Kind and Specie* of Goods, Ware* or Merchandize thereto con. tained, and in what Ship imported, and by whohi entered Inwards; and thereupon the proper Officer shall take a true and particular Account thereof by Weight, Gauge, Tale or otherwise, as the Case may require, and when by reason of any EfFedt produced by Weather or from the Length of time, any such Goods, Wares or-Merchandize or any Part thereof may have been so warehoused, the same shall fce deficient of the actual Weight or Quantity ascertained and taken Account of at the time of the Importation thereof, then, and in such Case, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee shall, and he is hereby required to pay. the'proper Officers the full Duties of- Customs and Excite upon such Deficiency, previous to the Removal of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Warehouse.,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Contents shall be marked on each and every Package intended to be removed, in distinct and legible Characters, in all cases where the same shall be practicable, and the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee shall make a due Entry of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with the proper Officer of the Cuttoms and also of the Excise, in case the Articles are subject to any Duty of Excise, specifying. in such Entry the Name of the Ship or VefTei in which imported, and the Master thereof, when entered Inwards, and by whom, also the Number and Marks of the Packages, the Kind or Species of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, together with the Weight or Quantity contained in each, and to what Port the same is intended to be removed for the Purpose of being exported, and such Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, with One other sufficient Surety, shall also enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the same and every Part thereof shall be truly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Great Britain, to which the same is intended to be conveyed ?md to be named and exprefTed'in such Bond, and to produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of such Collector and Comptroller or principal Officers, that the Goods have been so delivered into their Custody and Possession within Three Months from the Date of such Bond, such Certificate to be produced to the Commissionert of the Customs in England, in case the Goods are removed from the Port of London, and to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, if rew moved from Leith, and to the principal Officers of the Customs, if such Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That a particular Account of the Weight, Quantity and Species of the Goods, Wares or Merchant dize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages shall be transmitted by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port from which the Removal shall take place, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port to which the Articles are intended to be removed 5 and upon their Arrival at such Port, due Entry shall be made thereof with the proper Officers of the Customs, specifying the Date of Importation, by whom entered Inwards, and the Port from whence removed, and the Name of the Ship, and to what Port or Place they are intended to be exported; and the Exporter or Export ters shall, together with the Master and other Person having or taking

A«D. i8to* yd GEO. IH« C* 64.

the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel id which futSi Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of the dune, for the due Exportation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and for producing a Gertilicate of the landing thereof at the Port or Place for which entered, according to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty; Provided that if upon the further Examination of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the same or any Part thereof shall be found to be less in Quantity or Weight than when delivered from the Warehouse at the Port of Importation, the Exporter or Proprietor thereof shall immediately pay the full Duties of Customs and Excise upon the Deficiency, previous to the Goods being allowed to be shipped for Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at any other warehousing Port, the Proprietor thereof shall not have an Opportunity of shipping the same for Exportation, it shall and may be lawful to lodge and deposit the Articles in any Warehouse approved under the Regulations of the said Acts passed in the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, provided an Entry be made for that Purpose w ith the proper Officers of the Customs, and Bond given to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and One sufficient Surety to be approved of by the Collector ana Comptroller of the Customs in such Port, in double the Amount of the .full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, with Condition that the same shall either be duly exported, or that the full Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation thereof shall be paid to the proper Officer* withio such Period of time as was allowed for that Purpose at the Port where the same were first entered and warehoused; but if the Prpprietor shall fail or neglect to make such Entry and give such Security, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuf-tpmi in England or Scotland respectively to cause all such Gooda, Wares and Merchandize, which (nail not be shipped for Exportation to bp disposed of in the same manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are directed to he disposed of by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares pr Merchandize, removed from the Port of Importation to any other warehouhng Port, are secured in Warehouse* under the Authority of this Act, ail and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matters and Thing* relating to the landing, warehausing, keeping, inspediing, taking Account of or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, padcrjtbe said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the Duties due and payable thereon, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered pr varied by this Act, be from thenceforth construed to extend to the Goods, Wares and Merqhandize so removed from the original Port of Importation and secured in Warehpufes at any other ware-houfiqg fort, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and amply as

*f7

Bond given for Exportation.

43 G. 3. c. 135. § 13.

I11 what Case if Goods may l*e wureboufeil.

Bond for Exportation taken.

43 G. 0. c. 133.

Powers of 43 G. 3.c. 133. relating to ware-liouGng, &r, extended to this Act

A.D. 18190.

Ij8

Mis Majesty may ap|K>int Com-lriilfioners to transa& the JBufmefs of Surveyor Oueral of Land ltrvenue and Surveyor General of W oods.

C. 64, 65.*50° GEO. III.

if the said Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matters and Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS in order to the better Survey and Management of the Honours, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests*

4 Chases, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services,

4 Revenues, Possessions and Hereditaments of His Majesty, it is expedient that the Business hitherto severally transacted by the Surveyer General of Land Revenue of the Crown, and the Surveyor

General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Cliases, should be placed under the joint Management of certain Persons,

4 to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned; and His Majesty hath 4 been graciously pleased to Agaify His Royal Intention to place

the same under such Management; but such His Majesty's gracious Intention cannot be in all Things carried into Effect without the Authority of Parliament : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall at any time hereafter be graciously pleased, by his or their Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint any Persons not exceeding Three in Number, to be Commissioners for executing the Office and Duties of His Majesty's Surveyor General of all and singular His Majesty's Honours, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services, Revenues, Possessions and Hereditaments whatfeever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality and Dominion of Wales, as well within Liberties as without; and also the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the North Parts of England beyond the River Trent, in the Survey, Ordering and Government of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, then being or thereafter happening to be, and of all and Angular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the Parks, Forests and Chases, and in His Majesty's Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majesty's Crown, being in the North Parts of England beyond the River Trent aforesaid; and the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the Parks, Forests and Chases, and in His Majesty's Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majesty's Crown, being in the Parts of England on this Side the River Trent aforesaid, in the Survey, Ordering and Government of the same Court; the Business hitherto tranTacted, and the Powers exercised by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, by whatsoever Name or Names of Office the said Officer is or hath been called or denominated in any Letters Patent, Act of Parliament, or

otherwise

A.D. 1810.

*59

50 GEO* IIL C. 65

©therwife howfotver; and also the Bufineft hitherto transacted, and the Power* exercised by, and the Revenue under the Management of the Surveyor* or Surveyor General of His Majesty'* Woods, Forests,

Park* and Chafe*, by whatsoever Name or Name* of Office the said lad mentioned Officers are or have been called or denominated in any Letter* Patent, Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, shall, from and immediately after such Appointment, be jointly condu&ed and managed by such Commissioners, so to be appointed as aforesaid, or by such other Commissioners, not being less than Two nor more than Three at any one time, as shall be hereafter from time to time named and appointed by Hi* said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in that Behalf; and such Commissioners so to be appointed,

shall be and be called " The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Descript'.on and

" Forests arid Land Revenues and that all Acts, Matters and £ower* of

Things to be done by the said Commissioners so to be appointed

as aforesaid, or by any Two of them, or (in Cases where the same shall

be so ordered ana directed by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three

or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power

herein contained) by any One of them, shall be as valid and effectual

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done by any

such Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown in dif-

charge of his official Duties, or by any such Surveyors or Surveyor

General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, in dif-

charge of their official Duties, or of any of them; and that from

and immediately after such Appointment, all Sales, Enfranchisementg,

Purchases, Exchanges, Conveyances, Surveys, Views, Estimates,

Orders, Directions, Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all other Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by virtue of any Law, Statute or Usage in force or practice, immediately before the passing of this Act, or by any Condition,

Covenant or Clause in any subsisting Grant, Lease or Demise contained,

re or may be, or ought to be made, done, performed or given or exercised by or to the said Surveyors or Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or by or to the said Surveyor General of His Majesty, s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, may and shall be made, done, performed and given by and to the said Commissioners for the time being, or Two of such Commissioners, or (in Caf?s wherein the same shall be so ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three Or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power herein contained) by or to One only of such Commissioners; and such Commissioners shall have and exercise the same Powers and Duties in all things, not hereby otherwise provided for, as the said Surveyors General respectively lawfully had and exercised or might exercise.

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said Com-xnissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, and every of them, shall from time to time observe, perform, fulfil and keep all and singular I>ire£tioiu '* the Orders, Rules, Instructions and Directions, not being contrary to the Provisions of this Act, which from time to time shall be made or given to them or any or either of them, by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafuij for the time being, touching or concerning the Exr-cution and Discharge of their said Office, and the Arrangement and Division of the Bulmcfs of the same amongst the Lid Commissioners.

4. III. Provided

i6o

A.D. 181<&

Treasury may direct A£s required to be done by Two Comnciffionera to be doue by One.

Exception.

Form of Certificate*.

Seals, &c.ofTwu

Couimiffiouer*

sufficient.

Reports required from Surveyors to be made by Coaamissioners.

Commit oner* fwora.

C. 65. $oe GEO. 1II>

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands from time to time, and at ail times hereafter, whensoever it shall by him>or them bfe thought fit and expedient so to do, to order and direct all or any Df the Ada, Matters or Things which by this Act are required to be done or made by or to Two at the lead of such Commissiooera (Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and Orders for the Sale of Stock (landing in the Books of the said Governor and Company only excepted) to be done or made by or to One only of such Commissioners 5 and every such Order and Direction as last aforesaid shall be obeyed and observed by such Commissioners, and all other Persons whatsoever; and every Ad, Matter or Thing done or-made by or to One only of such Commissioners, in pursuance of any such Order or Direction, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done or made by or to all such Commissioners; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Andheit further enacted. That from and after such Appointment, all Certificates, Convey ances, Drafts, Orders, Nominations, Reports and other Matters in Writing whatsoever, to be made by or to the said Commissioners, according to the Powers veiled in the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall and may be made according to the Forms prescribed or (et forth in such Act or Acts of Parliament, substituting only the Title of the said Commissioners, in the Place of the Tide of the Officer, in such Forms mentioned; and the Seals and Seal, and Signatures and Signature, or the Signatures or Signature only (as the Case may be) of any Two or (in Cases where the same shall be Co ordered and tlireded by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or tnore of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power herein contained) of any One of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, to any such Certificate, Conveyance, Draft, Order, Nomination or other Matter in Writing, shall be as valid and efledual as if the same were signed and sealed, or signed only (as the Case may be) by the Whole of such Commissioners; and that all Certificates and Reports which by any Act of Parliament now in being were required to be made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyor General of His Maje(ly, s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, shall be and the same are hereby required to be made by the said Commissioners or any Two of them, or (in Cases where the same (h&ll be (o ordered and directed as aforesaid, according to the Power herein contained) by any One of them, at such time and times, and in such Manner and Form as the said Surveyors or either of them were or was required to make the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he presumes to ad in pursuance of such Appointment, take tire following Oath, to be adminillered by the Chief Baron, or One other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; (that is to say);

Laf.A

jd° GEO- IIL

C.

161

4 T jL B. do swear, That I will truly, honestly, faithfully and diK- Otth.

4 gently execute the Duties of a Commissioner of His Majesty's 4 Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, and that I will not for the 4 Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext whatsoever, receive, take or accept, in respect of the said Office, at any 4 time* any Emolument, pecuniary or other, except or beyond the 4 Salary allowed by a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act 4 for uniting the fevered Office* of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His J\$ajejly's Woods,

4 Forests, Paris and Chafes

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of all Salaries, Wages* SahriesoT Fees, ' Perquisites and Emoluments heretofore paid to or received, CommilBonets. retained, had or enjoyed by the said Surveyors General or either

of them. His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named the following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to say) to the Person first named therein* who shall be Chairman of the Commission, a Salary of Two thou* land Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries shall be clear of all Fees and DeduCTions; One Moiety of such respective Salaries to be paid in such manner as the Salary of the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, and the other Moiety thereofeipe£b'vely in such manner as the Salary of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue have heretofore been paid; and the Salary of every such Commissioner shall commence and be computed from the Day of the Date of his Appointment, and be received from time to time as the same shall become due by quarterly Payments; and if sow'such Commissioner shall happen to be removed from his said Office, or to die after any of the aforesaid Days of Payment, and before another of the same Days of Payment shall occur, then such Salary shall be computed by the Day, and shall be paid to such Commiflkrner, his Executors or Administrators, for so many Days as^the said Office shall have been exercised by such Commissioner from the time of the last preceding Day of Payment of the said Salary.

VII. And be it further enacted* That fron> ind after such Ap- Fee* sbotthtU. ©ointment* all Salaries, Wages, . Fees and Perquisites whatsoever, heretofore paid to or received or had by the Surveyor General of the

Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyors or Surveyor General

of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, by whatsoever

Name or Names the said Officers or either of them are is or ought to be called {except the Fees usually paid upon the Assignment of Exception,

Leases* and upon Searches for and Copies .of Leafea*, Grants or

other Documents belonging or relating to the said several Offices Or

any or either of them, or which may be in the Custody of the said

Commissioners) shall cease and be abolished; and that- the said Fees WbatFee* tohs

above excepted shall from thenceforth be paid to the said Com- ceouaud for.

missioners, to be by them accounted for in such manner as the same %

have heretofore been accounted for by the Surveyor General of the .

Land Revenue: Provided always, that where aay fine orient shall have been estimated and fixed for the granting or r Renewal of any Lease, or any Sum of Money shall have been fixed and agreed upon for any Sale, Enfranchisement or Exchange before such Appoint* meat as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Fees whiqh would ha hie to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of

M

the

A.D. 1810

i&x C <Sy. 505 GEO. III.

the Crown by 'the Lessee, Purchaser or Person making the Er-*change, if this Act had not been made, shall be paid by any such Leflce, Purchaser or, Person making Exchange, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, to be by them accounted for in the Ekfr tnanner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to Fees payable upoft " the Assignments of Leases, Searches and Copies hereinbefore mentioned.

OMOfluen

VIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such

ouunued. Appointment of Commissioners to be made in purfoanoe ot this Act, all Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors whatsoever, theretofore lawfully appointed to and then exercising or enjoying their respective Offices, shall remain and continue in their respective Offices, and in the Exercise and Enjoyment thereof, until they shall be duly N'-wOffii-rrs , removed or otherwise discharged therefrom; and.that it shall apd nmy be appoint- may be lawful to and for such Commissioners to be so appointed as m and removed, <aforesaid, or aoyTwo of them, 4(or in Cases whererthe same shall be to ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or, any Three i or more of the Commissioners of the Trpafury, according to the > Power herein contained for any One of them) from time to time, bjr -and with thjc Comfeat and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for tl^e time being, or any Three or more of, them* to nominate, appoint and remo.vc.aTl such Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors, as hart* been heretofore usually nominated, appointed and removed, by the said Surveyors General, or either of them, and also to nominate, appoint and remove, by and with the like Consent and Approbation, all such Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Mtoifters and Surveyors as have been heretofore usually nominated, appointed and removed in that manner, or as shall be necessary i or proper for the due Execution of this Act; and all and every the Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Mjnifters and Surveyors, to be io noroi* Stated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall bare, receive and enjoy such Salaries refpcdlively, as the same Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Mi miters and Surveyors, received, enjoyed or were.entitled to, on the Firil Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight, hundred.and nine, or as shall be in that Behalf frwn time to time directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and all such /Salaries shall be payable Quarterly, on the Pour most usual Feasts or Days of Payment of Rent in the Year. as (; . s. c. ; o. f IX. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of 4 His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to mbrovt the Land ' Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of Hit Majesty'i Duchy $ {.*of vLunceuer, it was, among other Things, crosted, That H (hpuld

4 and might he lawful for the Surveyor General of His M^edy's*Latod Revenue, with the Approbation, of and by the Direction of

4 the Lord High Treasurer. or Commissioners of the Treasury lor

the time being, or any Three of them, to oontra& and agree with 1 -arty Body Or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons

holding any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Lease

thereof, or to purchase and buy up any Lease or the Remainder of .*any Term*of any Lease, of any Mefliiages, Lauds, Premises, Tene*

ments or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which might

be convenient for the Publick Service, and might by any Three or

V more

>ogle

50° GEO. III. C. 65. 163

more of the Commissioners of the Treafunr for the time being, be

deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the 1 Consideration agteed to lie paid for such Surrender or- Purchase, to i the Body or Bodies or Person or Persons entitled thereto, out Of

any Money arising from any Sales theretofore made, and which 1 htight be veiled in the Bank of England, in the Three Pounds ter 4 Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which might hereafter

arise from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown under

the same Act or the Acts therein recited: And whereas the MoneV

aHfitig from such Sales is by Law required to be paid into the Bank

1 of England) And to be afterwards inverted in the Punchafe of

Three Pounds pet Centam Consolidated Bank Annuities, and no

exprest Provisiort is. rtiade in the fa id in part recited Act for the

Sale of fbch Annuities, in order to pay the said Consideration

9 Money ; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissionm lawful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time, as Occt- m: '>' Ml Stock to ton shall require, to fell and transfer any such Consolidated Bank Annuities as Sirfe in the said in part recited Act mentioned, and to c|lPftt of Kefidi# convert the same into Morey, in order to pay such Consideration of Terms. Mdney as aforefhid; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers of ftfch Consolidated Bank Annuities to be from time to time made by the said Commissioners under the Hand of any One or more of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that a Note in Writing under the Hands of Two at lead of the said Commissioners, specifying the Sum of Money required to he raised, and the Purpose for which the same is intended to be applied, Avail be made out and delivered to fclie said Governor and Company, Three Days at the least before arty 1 fdch Transfer fnatl btr made; and such Note shall be a sufficient Authority and Indemnity to the said Governor and Company for the Transfer made in pnrfuance thereof.

X. And be it further enn&cd, That from and after such Appoint- Officer* to Ip tfrent of ComTntffioners as aforesaid. every Officer appointed to arty fwonu Office by or under the said Commissioners shall take the following Orrh, to be ujminirtered to him by any One or more of the said Com-orfffioners, or by any Just ice erf the Peace or Magistrate, if any One t>r more of the said Commissioners shall direct that any such Officer (tall be sworn before any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate, and which Ontfi toay, in any such Case, be administered by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate 5 (that is to say)

A. B. do swear. That I will truly, honestly, faithfully and dili- Oadu

gently execute the Duties of the Office to which I have been ' appointed by for, under] the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Woods Foixfts and Land Revenue, and that I will not, for the, f Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext.-whatfo-

ever, receive, take or accept in respect of the said Office at any 1 Time any Perquisite of any Description, or any Emolument, pecu-

niary or other, except or beyond the Salary and Allowances [jf

9 any] lawfully annexed to the said Office to which I have been ap-*.pointed. ' So help me GOD.*

XL And be it farther enabled, That all Surveys, Returns, Rc- Surveys to h# ports, Estimates, Accounts and other Matters and Things whatfo- to

ever, which any Officer W Other Person whatsoever is by uny i, aw ^0luiu*'j^ucr^

Mi or

IVgury.

46G. 3.c.143.

§7-

Balance of Account of Surveyor General of V\ ood»>, &c. to be transferred to lumniilionexi.

or Statute in force immediately before thepaflingof this Act required to transmit, render or deliver to the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or to the said Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, fnali from and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, be transmitted, rendered or delivered to the said Commissioners, at such time and times, and in such Manner and Form as the same were or ought to have been transmitted, rendered or delivered before the passing of this Act; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and For the said Commissioners, or any One of them, and they or One of them are and is hereby authorized to receive a Verification, and take an Examination upon Oath, touching and concerning the Matters' of such Surveys, Returns, Reports, Estimates, Accounts and other Matter* and Tilings, of and from every Officer and other Person iu all Case* wherein the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the said Surveyors ot Surveyor General of His Majesty* Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, was immediately before the passing of this Act by Law authorized to do; and if any Officer or other Person shall, in any such Verification or Examination upon Oath a* aforesaid be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Officer or'other Person so offending shall be liable to be piinished in such manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in forpe for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XII. And whereas by a certain Act of Parliament made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Art As for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Rorests, it was enacted that from and after the passing of that Act, all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by such Surveyor General on account of the Revenue under his Management, should, the Day after the same Should have been received, or the Day after any Bill should have been accepted, if the same was not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver Geperal, be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company should be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts so to paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fhoul^l be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled, " The "Account of the Publick Monies of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Fo- rests, " inferring the Name of fucK Surveyor General for the time'being: And whereas such an Account hath beert Opened, and i* now standing in the Name of the ptefent Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests; and it is expedient, that upon the Appointment of such Commissioners, the Balance then remaining due upon such Account from the said Governor and Company, and all Bill* and Drafts then standing upon such Account, and not then paid, should be transferred to and placed under the Disposal of the said Commissioners ; Be it therefore enacted. That upon, the Appointment of such Commissioners, the Balance which shall be then remaining due upon such Account from the said Governor and Company, and all Bills and Drafts then standing upon such Account, and not then paid, shall be forthwith placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled, < The Account

of

AJJ.iSio.- 50° GEO. III. - C. 65..iCs

" of the Publick Monica oiF £ Names of the CommtJJtoners] the Com- - .

" missionera of His ^iajesty's Woods, . Forests and Land Revenue,

" being the Woods and Forests Fund;* and such Balance, and the Produce of such Bills and Drafts, when paid, shall be at the Disposal of the said Commissioners, in the manner hereinafter directed with reaped to the Monies to be hereafter placed to the like Account; and Monr received Irom and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, all °n at, <ou,t Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by the Commissioners of |*cv(fer His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, on account of ^ntolSw-the Revenue heretofore under the Management of the Surveyor Ge- Vcyor (General of jicral of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, shall, Woods paid inw within Two Days after the same shall have been received, or within die Jknk.

Two Days after any Bill shall have been accepted, completed and perfected, if the same be not accepted, completed and perfected at* the time it shall be received by the said Commissioners, be paid by them into the Hands of the said Governor and Company, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and '

Drafts so to be paid to the said Governor and Company, shall from time to time be placed to such Account as is hereinbefore directed to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be entitled as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Commissionm shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of His Majesty's "*ay retain tuc Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, to reserve out of the Produce Currcm

of the Revenue heretofore under the Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, for ca(ual and ordinary Payments, in the Hands of any private Banker to be nominated by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to be drawn for by any Two or One of the said Commissioners as shall or may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury 5 and if at any time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall and may he lawful for such Commissioners, from time to time, to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, by Drafts, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, upon the Funds deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XIV. And \?e it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His How Paymnut

Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, shall make all Pay-^nm'1* by

mrnts required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the*

Bank of England^ by Drafts under the Hands of any Two or more

of them on the said Bank, and shall specify on such Draft the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpose or Cause for which such Draft shall be given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure coiresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other. Charge, Purpose or Cause, for which such Draft shall be given.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant Drafts Authority to the Dlre£fion9 of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient to the Bank. Authority to the Bank of England so pay the Amount thereof to

the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

M 3 XVI. And

AJXi9t<*

On Death <ft Resignation of Commifluoners Cafii in the Bank to veil in Stirri-vonor Succef-(ot*.

Coromissioners to keep Account with the Bank.

Forging Drafts, kc.

XV J. And b* it further enacted, That upon the Death, ReGgoa* tion or Removal of any One of the Ccrominioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being Three in Number, the Balance of Cash, together with all iVipaid Bills and Drafts for which the said Commissioners shall, at the time of such Death or Removal^ have Credit on their Account with the said Governor and Company* shall actually veil in Two surviving or remaining Commiifio»er3 in trust for His Majesty's Service, and forthwith, and before any thine shall be added thereto or drawn therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Two surviving or remaining Commissioners in trust for His Majesty's Service, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and that upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any1 One of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being Two only in Number, and also upon the Death* Resignation or Removal of the whole Number of such Comraiflkuers* the Balance of Cash, together with all unpaid Bills and Drafts for which the said Commissioners shall at that time have Credit on their Account as Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* shall, as soon as a new Comxniflioner or Commissioners shall be appointed to the said Office, so as to make the Number of Com*, roiflioners not less than Two, actually veil in such new Commissioner or Commissioners, and the surviving or remaining Commissioner, if any such shall be and continue in Office, and if not, then in such uew Commissioners only, in trust for His Majesty's Service, and forthwith and before any thing shall be added thereto or taken therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such new and surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, or of such new Commissioners only (as the Case may be) to be applied to the Lid Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue for the time being shall, and they are hereby directed to issue their Drafts and Orders, under the Hands of any Two or more of them as aforesaid, for all uofatisiied Charges and Demands on account of His Majesty's Service, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any former Commissioner or Commissioners of His Ma* jesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Ap* pointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Commissioners for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monief issued on their Account for His Majesty's Service; and the same Commissioners, observimg the Rules and Regulations hereby feribed, shall not he answerable, either collectively or individually* for ajiy Money which they lire laid C<xramissionera, or any ox ekber at them, shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be aoiwerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge vor counterfeit, or knowingly and wilfully act or alfift in forging or counterfeiting the Name at Hand-writing of either of the said Commissioners of His Maieity's Woods, Forests and Laud Revenue for the time being, to any Draft,

Instrument

5<$ GEO* UL

C, C$.67

Infirutpent or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or

obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Cuttody of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England on account of the said Coon-

miffconers, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and tvilfully ad or a fill I in

the forging or counterfeiting any plraft, In liniment, or Writing in

Form of a Draft made by the said ComruifEoners, or any or either

of them, or shall utter or publish any fitch, knowing the f une to be

forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud the said Governor

and Company, or any Body Corporate, or any Person or Persons

whomsoever, every Person- or Persons so offending, being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall be, and is ahd are hereby declared and ad- F^uny w«*lout

judged to be guilty of Felony without Efenefit of'Clergy.

' XIX* And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Let- Comralffionrn 4 ters and jackets free from the Duty of Portage is given to each may it*u»l mu!

4 of the said Surveyors General, and it is expedient to grant the rece, vp [ r, u r» 4 Privilege to the Comnfissioner first named in any Appointment to be*, rec rhade in ourfurinde of this Act ; 9 Be it therefore enacted. That f'om and after such Appointment of Commissioners, the first named Corti-milEoner in fitch Appointment for the time being shall and may receive and fend Letters and Packets free from tDuty of Pottage, in such manner and under such Restrictions as other Officers mentioned iti an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign i f Hi» prefrnt 4CI*^ c-84* Mayfly, ihtituled, 'AhAft for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets frte from the Duty of foffiage; btitl also m another Act*made in the Forty second Year of «G.3.c.t^ the Reign of His present Majesty, 'mtitiik*d, An Act to autfsorfoe Mu

fendmb find retetHniiri Letters nttd 'Paeketf. Vntrr. Prnr*edl1 n "

am /

P of age i by the Members of the Two ffoufes of Parliament of the United Kingdom y'akd by certain Pubfick Officers therein named, and for reducing ihe Poflage '6f futh Votes ', Proceedings and Nciafpapers, <wbch feni by any other ferjont, ire thereby permitted, in reipeft of their Office^ to send and receive'the fante hvpurfiiance of the Arid Act; any Law or Ufrige tb thy contrtryin any wise notwithstanding. 41

'J 4 XX. And whfttari tbfe Surveyor G(h)ertl of His Majesty's Wood*

4 and Foretts for the time bci»g is drte of thfe Persons authorised

# and appointed to act in the Execution of several Letters Patent 1 of His said Majesty: And whereris it will be expedient that the

4 -Person to be first named in any Appointment of Commissioners to be

4 made ill purfoance of ttuYAft, should be substituted in the PlaCfe 4 and Stead' bf the1 said* Surveyor^General in the Execution of stich

Lettert Patent; and that this should be done without the issuing of

4 new or other Letters Patent: for that J?urpose^Be ft .therefore^ ( ott| further enacted, .That from and ^fter any Appointment of Com- lTJ{rlOU<, r^Oi-missioners in piufoance of this and during the Continuance of nurd inti.*l ia<* anyfo<jh Appointmcst, the Ferfon first named in any fu<; h' App°*ntr of Purveyor <»-msnt for the time, being shall.be and be deemed and taken to be one 1, eral 0, ^00'l*» ff£ foe J*ejfons authorized and appointed to act in the Fxecution ot alj

^ad Jugular such -Letters Patent as aforesaid, in the Place and Stead i*alcul# of the said Surveyor General, as folly and in the like manner, toad jlntepts and Furpofos, as if fuqh .Person so foil named for the limp Wing yrqs expsefs^y samgdip and anfoorixed and appointed to «)& iu

M 4

thr

j68 C. 6^66, 67. 50° GEO.Itt. AiD.i&icx

the Execution of the same Letters Patent, and of each and every of them

Only On* Tom- XXL And be it further enacted, That any One of the said Commissioner to fit la miffi0ners may be elected and chosen, and may fit and vote as a ou Member of the House of Commons of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, any thing in any A A or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that only One of such Commissioners shall be capable of being fb elected, or of so fitting and voting at the same Time.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to authorize the Judge Advocate General to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

[9th June 1810.]

WJ PEREAS the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and

W Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not exteuded to 4- the Judge Advocate General, who by.virtue of his Oifice necessarily fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the '* Publick Service of this Kingdom j* Be it therefore enacted by the Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thia present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Judge Advocate Geueral for the time being shall and may send and receive Let* ters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in such manner and under such Restrictions as are specified or iraposed in relation to other Publick Officers, in and by or under and by virtue of an^ Ad

43 G. 3. c. 63. made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to authorise the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and Printed Newspapers, by the Pofi, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two ntmfes of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named} and for reducing the P osage of such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapers, when sent by any other Perf on 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl commonly Called Black Game, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon.

' [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Great jsG.a.c. is.»VY Britain in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present 'Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the fever atLaws 4 now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the ' Moor or Hill Game, it is enacted, amongst other Things, that ' from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand (even ' hundred and seventy three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any ' Pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, ki1!, destroy, carry away, fell, ' buy or have in his, her or their Possession or Use, any Heath Fowl 4 commonly called Black Game, between the Tenth Day of December 4 and the Twentieth Day of August in any Year: And whereas it

1 would

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. IH; C.67 — 70.69

would tend very much to the Preservation of the said Game, if the 4 time for taking and killing Heath Fowl were poftponedBe it therefore enabled by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That, Taking Black from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, . c'wneSuIDCT-on.any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill or destroy, or attempt to take, fetnd I^von kill or destroy, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, any Heath berT^and"*"* Fowl commonlV called Black Game, between the Tenth Day of De- sept. 1. ember and the First Day of September in any Year; and every Person who shall transgress this Act m any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every Heath Fowl so token, killed or destroyed, and for every Attempt to take, kill or destroy such Heath Fowl, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be liable to the same Forfeitures ind Penalties, to be recovered in the same manner, and subject to the like Appeal, and the same Provisions in every Respect whatsoever as in and by the said recited Act are enacted in respect of any Offence committed against the said Act.

CAP. LXVIIL An Act for raising the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.

[9thJW 1810.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain9 for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. [9th June 1810.]

44 Treasury impowered to raise 6, 000, 000/. by Exchequer Bills, in 44 manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — § 1, 2. Principal of said 44 Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. § 3. Interest thereon 44 of $\d. per Centum per Diem. § 4. Said Bills to be current at the 44 Exchequer, See. after 5 April, 1811. — § 5. Bank impowered to " advance 6, 000, 000/. on the Credit of this Act, not with Handing 44 5 6c 6 W. & M. c. 20. — § 6.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. [9th June 1810.]

44 Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, as prescribed by 48 G. 3. 44 c. 1. — $ 1. Claoses, See. in recited Act, relating to Exchequer 44 Bills extended to this Act. § 2. Treasury not to issue Exche* 14 quer Bills on the Credit of 49 G. 3. c. 1. in any other manner than 44 at authorised by that Ad, &c. § 3. Interest not exceeding 34d. 44 per Centum pir+Diem. $ 4. Exchequer Bills may«jit the Expira- tion of Four Months after Date, he taken in Payment of the 44 Revenue. Bills received at Exchequer locked up, § 5. Bank of

44 England

ryo

48 G. a. e. 149.

|46;

44 G. 9. c. 98.

46 G. 3. t. 81.

$«7«

45 G*3.e. 28.

(16 G. 3. f .43.

C. 7©, ju' 50* GEct lit AJ).i8r«.

" 'England authorised to advance 6, oqo, qoo/. on the Cnpffi of this.44 Act, i^twahftaadiHg 54c 6 W. & M. c. 20- — §

CAP. LXJfl.

An Act for appropriating Part of the SujpUia of the Sttamp. Duties granted in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Scfflon of Parliament.

[9th Juki. 181 o-J*

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* Ah AQ for' repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceeding* r and other Written or printed Ihjirunents, and the Duke* on J^gocur and Successions to Ptrfntal Efates upon bttejkaeies mow. payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in heu thereof j jt was enacted that all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by the said Act, together with the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by an Act of the Forty fourth Year of Hi» ^lajefly's Reign, therein recited apd remaining unrepealed 5 and from the Duties on Licences tQ'deal in Thread La re, granted by an Act of the Forty, sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and then under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, should be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who should from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Custudy, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided, and (hotild thereafter pay the same (after dedufting the Charges of raising, coHeftmg and accounting for the same, ana all other Charges first payable thereout) into the Receipt of Hip Wajedy's Exchequer at Wejminffty in qne Sum, at such times and in such manner as the pi^sent Stamp Duties were by the Laws in force directed to he paid^ and that the Money so pfiicj into the said Receipt should be carried tp and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: Apd it >vas Further enacted* that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thou land eight hundred and eight, out of the Monies so to he paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, there should be set apart the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Produce of the Duties granted by the said A ft of the Forty fourth Year, and by another Act of the So^ty fifth )spar ' of His Many's Reign, therein mentioned (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets fm^e repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, vhich were intended to be removed from the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, by certain Act* of the same SriTion), upon a*i Awago of Two Years ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand, eight hundred and eight, and of the net Pibduce of.the Duties on Ap* praifements and Licences to Appnaifers, granted by an Act .of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, therein recited, for Qnt Year ending the same Fifth Day of January $ and that.there should also be set apart at the Exchequer, Quarterly, such .further Sum as ihonld be equal to the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to

4 deal

AJ).iS£9'

50^ GEO. IH. C. 71. 171

< deal in Thread Lace, of which a separate Account fheald bo kept

< at the Stamp Office, and be trafeftakttd to the Exchequer; and -

that after felting apart the said several Sums, the Remainder of

< the Monies so to he paid into the Exchequer at aforesaid should 4 be deemed an Addition made to the Publick Revenue of Great.

4 Britain for the Purpose of defraying the iacreased Annual Charge 4 oocafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act 4 or Act* passed or to be passed in the same Session of Parliament

4 And whereat the net Produce of the Duties paid into the Exche.

quer pursuant to the Direction of the fiud Act of the Forty eighth 48 G. 3.e. ltf.i

Year of His Majesty's Reign, io the Year ending on the FifthDay 4 of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, amounted to the Sum 4 of Five millions one hundred eighty eight thousand four hundred 4 twenty six Pounds Seventeen Shilliiigt and One Penny; and after 4 reitrving and setting apart thereout pursuant to the Ptreftious of the same Act, the said Sam of Throe Millions nine hundred fifty 4 six thousand seven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten peace, and thu 4 further Sum of Oae thousand seven hundred twenty nine Pound*

4 Faujr Shilling* and Nine peace, being the net Produce of the Du.

4 tie* on Licence^ to deal in Thread Lace; and also after refer ving 4 and setting apart the Sunt of Thirty two thousand Founds, Part 4 of the yearly Sum of Forty two thoufood Pounds payable by the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England as a CompeafoUw*

4 for the Exemption of their Promi(Tory Notes and Bills from Stamp

4 Duty, pursuant tQ an Act of the prefect SciTion of Parliament, the 43 G. 3. e. 11 %

4 Remainder or Surplus of the said Duties amounts to the Sum of $ 15.

4 One million one hundred ninety seven thousand nine hundred and 4 (even Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six pence: A*id whereas thq 4 total yearly Charge 00 account of Stock tre^u-d by the Act* of the 4 Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present MpjtiLy Seven 4 hundred and twenty nine thousand four hundred and forty one 4 Pounds Nineteen Shilling* and One Farthing, for w4>kSb hedges 4 the afoFeftid Surplus of the Stamp Duties, Prwifum was m*df by

the Appropriation of eertai* expired Annuities; and by a Saving 4 in the Charge paid for the Management of the PoWick Debt, and 4 by au lac re ait*/>f the Aj&fted Taxes, amounting together* acoond*

4 i»g to their actual Produce i« the Year ending die Fifth Day of 1 January One thousand eight hundred and nine, to Six hundred and 4 twenty two thousand six hundred and sixty theqe Pounds Ten ShiU 4 hugs and Seven pence Halfpenny, leaving otdy the Sam of One 4 hundred and six thou land seven hundred and sevenfcy eight Pounds 4 Eight Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, to be defrayed by

4 the aforesaid Surplus of the Stamp Duties: And wherce* it i* ex* i

4 pedient that the E'eeft of the said Surplus of the Stamp Duties*

4 after reserving annually One hundred and iifty thoufsnd Pounds 4 which appears to he an ample Provision is addition to the other 4 Dutie* appropriated to tlkat Fhrpose for defraying* the' yearly 4 Charge on account of the Stock created is the Yea* One thousand 4 eight hundred and eright, should be appropriated to the Puvpofe.of 4 defraying the increased annual Charge occaiioued by any Loan 4 made or Stock created in the pnefent Session of Parliament Be it therefore erta&ed by the King's Must Excellent Majesty, by and*with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* tod Commons, in this»present Parliament aifemtyed, and by the Au.

thority

A.D.iftio*

17*

Surplus of Stamp Duties 48 G. 3. c. 149. Sic* bow applied.

4»G, ». dll3. Si.

la*

C 7*72. 50 GEO. III.

thority -of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, after setting apart out of the Monies directed to be paid into the Exchequer, and made Part of the Consoli* dated Fund by the said first recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hi present Majesty, the said yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, a^d such further Sum as shall be equal to the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace according to the Provisions of that Ad, and also the yearly Sum of Thirty two thousand Pounds, Part of the aforesaid yearly Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ pursuant to an Act of the present Scfifion of Parliament, there shall in the next Place be referred and set apart ont of the said Monies the yearly Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Four equal Portions on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of jlpril, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth l)ay of OBober in every Year, towards defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by the Stock created by the Acts passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and that the Remainder or Surplus of the said Monies shall be deemed an Addition made to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts patted or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for improving and completing the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dubliny and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the rendering the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Honvth near Dublin, a fit Situation for His Ma«

jelly's Packets, is desirable for the regular and more speedy Con-« vcyance of the Mails between Dublin and Holyhead, and facilitating«the Intercourse of Passengers between Great Brita'-n and Ireland:

And whereas by virtue of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of*His present Majesty's Reign, for granting a certain Sum of Money«towards improving the said Harbour, certain Persons were ap-« pointed and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the«time being to apply the Sum granted towards improving the said«Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets 5 4 and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that such Per- fons so appointed should have all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law given to or veiled in the Corporation for preserving and*improving the Port of Dublin, and which should be requisite and necessary for the carrying of the said recited Act into Execution s ' and that all Piers, Wharfs, Quays, and other Erections and Build- ings which might be made under the Dircdions of the said Persons,

and all Ground applied to such Purposes by them, should be veiled in the said Corporation for preserving and repairing the Port of*Dublin: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the due Ap*

plication of whatever Sums may be granted or appropriated by Parliament for the Improvement or towards thq completing of the said

Harbour;

A.D.iSio,

50° GEO. III. C. 72. 173

Harbour; and further, to provide for.the making and executing 4 the Roads* Quays and Works necessary for the Completion and

Improvement of the said Harbour: 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord!

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Per- Coramiflfioiwrs foas heretofore appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for «* the time being for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the herein-before recited A A of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign* and such other Person or Persons as shall or may from time to time be appointed or authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this '

Ad: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the I«ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any such Person or Persons to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, and from time to time to nomi* nate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being shall think fit.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commissioneri to missioners, and each of them, shall take and subscribe the Oath fol- tok.e and lowing before he or they shall take upon him or themselves the Exe- fcnbt cution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath.

4 T A. B. do swear* That I will, without Favour or Afsection,

4 Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best 4 of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every the 4 Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Commissioner, reposed in me 4 under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here f*

4 forth tht Title of this AQ.

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorized and required to administer at the First or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Cotamissionen for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the time beings way appoint or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required OdScenand from time to time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their C°nlr^, # Hands a Secretary, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and such Labourers and Workmen as ibe said Commissioners shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying into Execution the Puroofes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree yrith any fit and proper Person or Persons, Arti* fleers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing and preparing of

all pr any of the Roads and Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed, or any rart thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the same* which Contract shall be figued by the Contract by Person or Persons contracting or agreeing to perforin such Works whomfigned.

respectively,

m

C. 7i.

56* GEO. nt.

A.©* 181ft

Gimmissioner* nay bring and defend Actions in rhe Name of their Secretary.

Proviso for Re-imbursement of Secretary.

Commissionen empowered to Mcuit Act.

yespectively* and also by Three or more of the said Commissioners, or by the Secretary to the said Comrhiffionera, authorized under the Hands of Thrfee of the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and all Contracts which shall have been made or entered into at any time before the passing of this Act, by or on behalf ot* under the Authority of the Commissioners nominated and appointed in pttrfuance of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year, fliaH be and the famb are hereby declared good, valid hnd effectual te all Intents and Purposes* and shall be carried into effect in like manner as Contracts to be made under the Authority of this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Cemihissioners may fise and be ftsed ita the Name 6f their Secretary for the time being, and that ail Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings tvhatsoever that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of arty Penalty oj* SOm of Money due or payable by virtue bf this A ft* to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by dr against the said Commissioners, shall be had, taketa, prosecuted or defended in the Name of their Secretary, and that no A c-tion, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal dr other Proceeding tt> be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or agaiuft the said Corrf-missioners in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or be discon-tinued by the Death, Sufpenfiofc dr Removal of such Secretary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary done or suffered, without the Consent or Directron of the said Commiffibnert, but tha: the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being shall bfe always demed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant* Defendant or Respondent, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall of may be Plaintiff pr Defendant (as the Case may be)*Provided always, that every such Secretary in whose Name any such Aftrois, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken* prosecuted or defended rn purfofcnce of this or the said recited Act, shall be folly re-itobursed feud paid out <of the Mo. wfes applicablejto the Purposes of this Act, uFl such Gefta, Charge*, Damages and Expences as by the Events or in consequence bf any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal ck bthet Proceedings, he or they fliail piy, bear, fostain, expend or be put jihtb br become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly 'entitled to by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendaire or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or AppeHahtt, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid, unless such Aftfon xk Suit shall arise in confeqoertce of his oWn wilfnl Ne^fest br Default*, or have been brought or commenced, 6r be defended without thh Order or Directionof the said Commi(fcohel*9.

V. And be it further enacted, That the fafd Corrnttiflfoners 'shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed Sn tbfc improving and completing of the said H&rWfcuf, and in the making land completing a Road and Quay afong the Beach arrd Shore of the said Harbour west ward of the Pier or Mote already in part erested, and to make such other Roads and Ways at they may thmk necef-<ary for tb« Conveyance of Material^ to the said Works* and to I malwL

AD./Bib* GEO. IDU >75

make rod maintain Reservotrs far fa^piyfagr with Water Shipping resorting to the said Harboftr; and that far toe Purposes of this Act, all Piers, Buildings and Works whatsoever heretofore made, etvfted or boik in the whole or in part at any time before the passing of this Act, and all Ground applied to such PmpoTes under the Authority of the said recked Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or by 45 G. 3. t.113. or under the Authority or Directians of the Commissioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland fence the p&ifing of the said incited Ad, and all Roads, Piers* Quays* Ereftiora and Buildings whatsoever which shall or may be made, erected Or built at any timte after the paf&ng of this Act, and all Ground supplied to such Puru poses under the Authority of this Act or of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and also all such Land and Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the said Harbour as is or are overflowed by the Tide id the Sea, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in the said Com-iniffibners for the Purposes of this Act until the said Harbour shall be folly completed by and under the Direction of the said Commissioi»ers; Ground, &c* and from and after the time when the said Commissioners shall deem rriled in the Improvement of the said Harbour completed, testified by the&r Coroaitfionsri. Representation to that Efieft to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chirf Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, all the said Harbour fa improved, and all Roads, Piers, 'Quays, Works and other Ereftioa* and Buildings so heretofore made or which hereafter shall be made, erected or built under the Authority of tlfer Act, or of the Compiiffiomert appointed Under this Act, and the Ground and Soil on which the same are or shall be erected and bufif, shall be and the same are hereby vested, and shall be ami remain veiled in the Corporation for preserving and repairing the Port of Dublin; and from thenceforth tall the Powers by this or any other Act given to or vested in the Commissioners for the Execution 01 this Act, shall be vested in and executed by the said Corporation; and the said Corporation shall apply the Sums in and for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour, and of the Roads, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings so becoming vested in them under the Authority of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and biay be lawful Land* may bn 'to and for the Agents, Workmen and Servants of the said Com- entered for miffipnero from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds of Surrey,

any Person3, .Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in, upon Or

through which any of the Roads, Prert, Quays, Works, Ercftiotis

and Buildings authorized to be made under this Act are intended to

be made, in order to survey and take Levels of the same, and to fat

out and cfceftain such Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall

think necessary or proper for the Purposes of this Act, such Agents

or Servants- making Satisfaction for such Damage as they shall do Setisfaftion f<*

thereby to the Occupiers of such Lands or GrOurtds for the tiirie Damage*.

bring, in case the lame shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling

Steriing.

VII. And, for the improving and completing the said Harbour, Powers to Com* and making, using and maintaining all such Roads, Ways, Piers, missionerjto Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Ereftioris and Buildings, as the «nter

said Commissioners shall deem necessary for that Purpose, and for the^Materials? Execution of this Act, according to the Tenor and Intent of the same. Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Agents* Servants and Workmen, and

they

-AJD.1810.

V6

C.7*.

5a* GEO» IB.

To wtVe Ronds

for conveying Materials.

*hey are hereby authorized and empowered in, upon and through any Lands or premises being thfe Property of or belonging to the King* Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and lituate within Three Miles of the said Harbour, or at Dalher or Bullock, on the South Side of the Bay of Dublin (not being within Three hundred Yard* of any Capital Man lion -house, nor within any Plantation, Avenue or Pleafnre Ground, nor Garden attached to any Capital Mansion»house» planted, made or formed before the passing of this Act, nor in any Deer Park iqclosed with a Wall prior to the passing of this Act, and actually occupied at ihe time with Deer), to enter and to quany, dig, remove, take and carry sway all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials ((landing Timber only excepted) in, out of, upon and from such Lands and Grounds as may be neoessary or convenient to be employed for the Purposes of this Act, and also to place, lay, work or manufacturt all such Stone, Litnellone, Gravel, Sand or other Materials which shall be so dug or got as afores: id, on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the same shall be so dug or got, or where the same shall be used or employed for the Purposes of this Act 5 and also to make, maintain and use such good and sufficient Roads and Ways as the said Commissioners shall think necessary or convenient for conveying all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand and other Materials so cut, dug, quarried or obtained, taken away and removed for the Purposes of this Act, from the Place and Places where the same shall be respectively so cut and dug, and quarried or obtained, to the Places where the same shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed to the Owners and Proprietors of all such Lands and Premises for all Damages by them done or to be done in the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in and upon any Land or Premises by this Act veiled in the said Commissioners, or wh; ch the said Commissioners may enter on or purchase by virtue of this Act, to make, erect, complete and maintain all and every or any such Ways, Roads, Fences, Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Erections and Buildings whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and also to make, erect, complete and main* tain such Waterworks, Reservoirs and other Engines and Works as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary and expedient, for fpp-plying the Shipping which may resort to the said Harbour with Water from any Stream of Water now running or flowing into the Sea at the Harbour of Howth; and also to make and do all other Matter* and Things whatever.which they the said Commissioners shall, from time to time think fit, necessary and convenient for making, effedling, extending, improving* prelerving, completing and using the said Harbour, and all Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings relating thereto, irv pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act, they the: said Commissioners. 8ati»fa&ton for making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for all Damages PmMgt*. and Injuries done to any Lands and Premises which shall be damaged*or prejudiced by the taking of any Materials on by the making of

8 any

To imlce Rnadfe .Quays and W«rrV

A.D. 1810<

*77

5o0 GEO. III. C. 72.

any temporary Roads for the Conveyance of such Materials for the Purpoft-s of this Act 5 and also making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for the Purchase of any Lands and Premises required to be employed, taken or used in making, completing or maintaining any permanent Roads, or in the making, erecting, completing or maintaining of any Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Waterworks, Engines, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners and their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for whatever they or t any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being to treat and agree with all and every or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inheritors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises required for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Land or Premises, or relative to and concerning any Compensation or Satisfaction which any such Person or Persons may claim or demand for any Damage or Damages which he, (he or they may suffer or sustain by reason of the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands. Guardians, Tenants in Tail, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Tiuftees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of theraselyes, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their several and respective CeJJuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all married Women who are or shall be seised, possessed of or intereiled in any Lands used or reauired for the Purposes of this Act, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or otherwise, to contract and agree for, and to fell ana convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall nominate and appoint for the Purposes of this Act, all or any Part of any Lands or Premises which shall from time to lime be used or required for the Purposes of this Act; and also to claim and demand, and to contract and agree with the said Commif# fioners for any Compensation or. Satisfaction for any Damage or Damages which such Body Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, or his or their Lands or Premises respectively may suffer by reason of the Execution of this Act; and in case such Treaty or Treaties shall end in an Agreement or Agreements, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances of such Land or Premises as they shall purchase from such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or any of them, and to take and accept of a Release or Releases, Discharge or Discharges, for such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid, which Conveyance or Conveyances, Release or Releases, Discharge or Discharges, shall be binding and conclusive to and upon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, executing the same, and all Persons claiming under them 5 and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever so contracting or agreeing, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall respectively do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act 5 and the Expence of all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances an^ 50 Geo. III. N Assurances,

Commissioner* empowered to agree with Inheritors of Ground for Purposes of Act.

Infants, Sue.

Satisfaction (be Damage*.

Erpence of Com.*tracts defrayed.

17*

A.D. 1810.

C. 74. 508 GEO. III.

JfVrm of Con* uadi.

Assurances, shall be defrayed out of the Money granted for the Purposes of this Act; and such of them as shall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premises to the said Commissioners, shall be made according to the following Form; (that is to say),

J A. B. of in confederation of the

Sum of to me paid by the

Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution an Act passed 1 in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

\here insert the Title of this AA\^ do hereby grant, convey and dif-

pose to the said Commissioners, all \jdcfcriling the Land or Pre-

m'tfes to he conveyed]^ and all the Eslate, Right, Title and Interest

ot me the said A, B. my Heirs and Assigns, and of all Persons

claiming or to claim by, from or under the said A. B. to and in the«same and every Part thereof, to hold the same to the said Commif-

fioners and their Successers for ever, by virtue of and according to

the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes of the said Act

of Parliament. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand

4 this Day of in the Year of

our Lord .*

In default of

Agreement,

Jury summoned.

Precept to Sheriff.

Penalty.

ttn.a. (I.)

4.6.

X. And be it further etiacted, That in case the said Commissioners, by reason of Non-age, Coverture, Intail, Infinity, or other legal Impediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises used or required for the Purposes of this Act, Or from any other Cause or Reason, cannot or shall not agree with the Owners or Occupiers of such Land or Premises, as aforesaid, relative to the Purchase of any such Land or Premises, or relative to any Satisfaction or Compensation for Damages to such Land or Premises, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being inte* rested in the Quedion to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money claimed or to be paid for such Land or Premises or Damages respectively, or any Part thereof) to issue a Warrant Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of Dublin, in case the same shall be within his Bailiwick, or to the Sheriff of the County in whose Bailiwick the same shall be, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Sheriffs to impanrtel and return a competent Number of substantial and difinte-refted Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Thirty fix nor more than Sixty, and such Sheriff or Sheriffs is and are hereby empowered to impanpel and return such Jury accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt by any Person who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be named by the said Com-raissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland.in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as in «such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and

appointed.

A.D.i8xo.

179

$00 GEO. III. C. 7*.

appointed, and to attend the fa id Commissioners until discharged by the said Commissioners; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the Card Jurymen, but shall not Chtllen"#. be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them (not being interested as aforesaid), are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them and the said Jury all and every Person and Person9 whomsoever who shall be thought proper Or necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them; and the said Witnrfiu Jury, on their Oath or Oaths touching and concerning the Premises, and the said Conuniflioners or aoy Three of them, if they shall think fit* shall and may likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question in such manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until such Purposes for which they were summoned shall Be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also 10 en<Juyre the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give &c*

Evidence, the said Commissioners or any One of them, not being us-tefefted as aforesaid, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of the Value of such Ground and Premises as shall be required to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and of the respective Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, seised or poflfefled thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and also what Compensation and Satisfaction, if any, shall be awarded and paid to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Damage or Damages which they or any of them may Damages, coafequeotly or otherwise suffer or sustain, or have suffered or sustained by any Act, Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of such his, her or their respective Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interesta as aforesaid, or for any such Damage or Damages as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (not being interested as aforesaid), shall artd may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate interested, at least Fourteen Days before the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Person as shall be then absent from Inland, or if a Body Politick or Coporate, then with the oftenlible or waiting Officer of such Body Politick or Corporate) shall be binding and conclusive to Judgment all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person or conclufiv* Persons, Bodies <and Body Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of any such Land and Premises, either in Possession, Reverflon, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Difsbi-lity, as all other Cejluique Trusts, his, her and their Heirs, Successors,

N 2 Executora

A.D. 18190.

180

Jury to value Ground aocoiding to its

State.

Expence of Juries hovr paid.

Persons requesting a Jury to enter into Bond to prosecute.

Provif#

C. 72. 50 GEO- III.

Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and feaied by the said Commissioners who shall pronounce such Judgment.

A I. And be it further enacted, That where the Value of any Land or Premises, or the Recompence for any Damage done or to be done in any Land or Premises, shall be submitted to a Jury, such Land or Premises and the Damage done thereto shall be valued by such Jury with respect to the State, Situation and Value of such Land and Premises, in like manner as if the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year or this Act had not been made; and not according to the additional Value which such Land or Premises shall or may acquire by the improving and completing of the said Harbour, or by any future Improvement to be made in such Land or Premises in consequence of the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Damage done or to be done to the same, than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, all the Expences of summoning such Jury and of taking such Inquest shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no more or for a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, then, and in ever)' such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest shall be borne and paid by the Party to whom such Offer was previously made by such Commissioners: Provided alw ays, that where by reason of Absence, any Person or Persons shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, all the Costs and Expences of summoning the Junr and taking such Inquest shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons making Complaints and requesting such Jury, for the ascertaining the Value of any Lands or Premises, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfaction for any Damage done or to be done to the same, shall, before the said Sheriff shall be obliged to summon such Jury, first enter into a Bond with Two Sureties to the Secretary or Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to prosecute such his, her or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners before summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as the Value or as a Recompence or Saitisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Damages as aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Person so requesting such Jury shall refuse to enter into such Bond as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners under this Act to require such Jury to be lummoned, and the same shall be fum-monea accordingly by the Sheriff, and the Expence -of summoning such Jury, and of taking the Inquest by them, shall be defrayed in manner and under the Regulations hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XIV. And

A.D. 1810. 506 GEO. III. C. 72. 181

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum l>o Payment

cr Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or of Sums awarded, Persons to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purchase of Co«vcy»mw to any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any °m"

ElUte, Right, Title, Term or Intereit therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Ground and Premises

as aforesaid, or of such Eslate, Right, Title, Term or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded in the Form hereinbefore set forth, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurance9, and shall do all Acts, Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfeA Title to the said Commissioners; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded by way of Satisfaction and Com-, pen fat ion for any such Damages as aforesaid, shall give and perfect to the said Commissioners a full and sufficient Release, Acquittance and Discharge from all Claims and Demands for or on account of all Damages for which such Sum shall be awarded as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judg- VerM*tob« meets, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said eutcred* Commissioners and Juries as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of the said Court of Chancery,

and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts Copies Evident*, of Law or Equity whatsoever; and immediately on the Entry of such VerdidU, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged On Payment, or awarded either for the Purchase of any Land or Premises, or as a Satisfaction or Compensation for any Damages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premises, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of such Money respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of Ireland in manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Eitate, Right, Title, Term, Interect, Use, Truit, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, into and out of all Ground and Premise9 which Premises toveft shall be so purchased, shall vest in the said Commissioners for the m Corporation. Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate to whom any such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid shall be awarded, shall from thenceforth be for ever barred from claiming any further or other Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever for any Damage which they or any of them shall sustain by the means aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance to the Conveyances of said Commissioners of any such Effate and Interest of any Feme Co- Eslate, &c. vert in or to any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, by Bargain tfiedtuak

and Sale acknowledged by such Feme Covert in such manner as Bargains and Sales are usually acknowledged, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland within

N 3 Six

Six Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Coverts in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries should or could do if levied or, suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any Ground or Premises which shall be purchased by the said Commiffiuners by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the like Force, Effedi and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have if levied or suffered by the Bargain or Bargains, or any Person seised of any Estate in the Premises in trust for or to the Use of such Bargain or Bargains in any legal Manner and Form whatsoever.

Compensation

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here'll applied. ditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Difabiiity or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account t* parte the Commissioners for executing this Act; to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances .or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then- the same shall be Laid out under laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the Direction of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchaftd, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking EfFeft; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of some of the Publick Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, and in the mean time and until the said Publick Funds or Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said &tvdeit4ft &«, Funds or Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of how applied. lhe said Court>

to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such purchase or Settlement were made,

A.D. 1810* 5a0 GEO. III.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Corporation Money Co agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Heredi- left than aool. tameBts purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under In- how applied, capacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two

Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in such case, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or used, or of his or her or their Guardian dr Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Handsj be paid into the said Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the same may be applicable without obtaining or being required t<v obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery*

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where Money Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall less than 20k be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such cases, the same ho* applied, shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for

the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think (it, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- In wfc of not fens to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be making out paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three

or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or such Release, Acquittance or Difchftrge as is required by this Act, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be ioand, or in case it shall not satisfactorily appear to such Commissioners what Shares and Proportions of any Purchase Money or Recompence for Damages ought to be paid or allowed to any Teopnt or other Person having a particular Estate, Term or Interest in4ny Premises; or if the Person or Persons entitled to any Lands, or Persons not Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionen, pr any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded ta be paid intor the Bank of Irelands in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said

C. 18 j

A.D. 1810.

Subjc^ to Order Of Court.

In what case

Purchaser deemed entitled according to Possession.

Court may order

Fx|X?nce* of Purchaffs to be paid by Trullccs.

C. 73. 50* geo. in.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [deferibing them'], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition df the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to drder the same to be laid out and in veiled in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Interest thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ellates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Quellion shall ariie touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland', in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Publick Funds or Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Funds or Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Funds or Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Funds or Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Ellate or Interest therein.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan* eery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or f© much of such Expences a6 the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners

out

A.D. 1810.

50 GEO. III. C. 72. 185

out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ComroiflWr»

lawful for the said Commissioners from time to time to make, erect* b»ll«l 1Vt<, and build, in and upon the Island called Ireland's Eye, and in the*

Sea between the said Idand and the Main Land, such Piers, Quays,*

Works, Erections and Buildings as to the said Commissioners shall T

seem necedary or expedient for the more effectual Improvement and Completion of the said Harbour of Nowth, or of the Security and

Facility of the Access of Vessels thereto; and that all such Piers,

Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings at the said Idand, or in the Sea between the same and the Main Land, shall be made, erected and built under the Powers and Provisions of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers for making, erecting and building the same, and for obtaining Materials for the same, as are by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners with respect to the said Harbour; and all such Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Vested in Buildings whatsoever, shall be and become velted in the said Com- Commiifioutiv midioners, and afterwards in the Corporation for preserving and repairing the Port of Dublin, in like manner as is in this Act provided with respect to the Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever heretofore made or hereafter to be made, erected and built in or about the said intended Harbour of Howth; and all the Provisions of this Act shall extend to all such Piers, Quays, Works,

Erections and Buildings whatsoever in the said Idand called Irelandns Eye, in like manner as the same are extended to the said Harbour and the other Works in this Act before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Obstructing E*?* wilfully obdrust, moled or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Work- «cutionof Act. man or Labourer employed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending

shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully and to the Prejudice of the said Harbour break, throw down, damage or destroy any Pier, Dock, Quay, R-'fervoir, Erection, Machine, Building or Work whatever, heretofore erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or shall obdrust, hinder or divert the Course of any Obstructing Stream of Water, which at any time before the pading of this Act t °urfe of ran or flowed into the Sea at the said Harbour, or shall do any Waler> other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obdrust, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, improving and maintaining of the said Harbour, or. of any Waterworks or other Works erected under this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and Felony, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted,

shall be subj; ft to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convisted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law of Ireland; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXV. And be it further enactedj That every Fine, Penalty Penalties how

and recovered,

JliftrtGi.

Imprisoninent.

Limitation of Actions.

Ctneral Iffuc.

Double Colb.

and Forfeiture .inflicted by this Act, (the levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore directed) shall and may be recovered on Conviction of the Offender by the Oath of One credible Witness, or on his own Confefiion, before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed or the Offender shall be; and every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall and may, in case of Non-payment thereof, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice of the Peace, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints touching any such Offence or Offences; and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed), shall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of to the Purposes of this Act; and the Overplus of the Money yaised by such Distress and Sale, after dedufting such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effects so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Offender to the Common Goal dr House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of in puriuance of this Act, until Twenty one Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and eveiy such Action shall be brought in forae of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, and shall be laid in the County or Dublin and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Twenty one Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict should oafs against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mail have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to alter, explain and amend the Laws new in force respecting the Trade of Bakers^ residing out of the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty first Year of the 01 G. 2.c. 29. Reign of Hi* late Majesty King George the Second, inti- tulfd, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price*and AJfi % e thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

Flour or Bread: And wherea* an Act was passed in the Third 3C.3. c. 6.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty King George the Third,

4 irtituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the 4 Thirty frjl Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George*the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Breads and to 4 regulate the Price and AJftxe thereof and to punish Persons who 4 shall adulterate MeaU Flour or Bread: And whereas an Act was 13 G. 3. c. 62.

4 passed in the Thirteenth Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign,

4 intituled, An Act for better regulating the AJjtxe and making of 4 Bread: And whereas some of the Regulations and Provisiona 4 contained in the said several Act* have been found defestive, and in 4 some respects injurious to the Bakers and the Publick; and it is 4 therefore expedient that the same rtiould be altered and amended,

4 and more effectual Provisions made for ascertaining the due Weight 4 of Bread, and for the better Observance of the Lord's Day, coramanly called Sunday : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiiem-Wed, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Person or SellingBreafl Persons residing beyond he City of London or the Liberties thereof, Aon of Weight, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who shall make any Bread for Sale, or who shall send out or expose to or for Sale any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize which shall be set for any such Bread from time to time to be sold at, in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, then it shall be lawful for any Magilirate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of their respective Juriidiftion6, before whom any Information shall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses of any such Deficiency in Weight, and also for any Peace Officer or Offi- Search Warrsub cers authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving such Information upon Oath as aforesaid) at seasonable Times in the Day Time to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse or Out-house of or belonging to any such Baker or Seller of Bread, against whom such Information shall have been made as aforesaid, to search for, view, weigh and try all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and shall have been baked within Twenty four Hours next preceding the time of the same having been so weighed, and which Bread shall be weighed by the Bushel, or in any larger or (mailer Quantity, as may be found most convenient; and if on the

A.D.t8io.

188

Short Weight. Final*.

Seizure.

Bakers to have Weights and Seales.

Penalty.

C. 73. 5©° GEO. III.

weighing of such Bread any Deficiency shall be found in its due Weight on the Average of the whole Weight of all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and which shall have been baked within Twenty four Hours as aforesaid, and which Deficiency shall be proved before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the same, then he or they so offending in the Premises, and being thereof con-vi£ed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Ounce of Bread which shall be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all such Bread as shall have been so weighed, and so in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight less than an Ounce, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Deficiency iu Weight shall be proved as aforesaid shall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted; and any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, Peace Officer or. Officers, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may in such Case where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Average as aforesaid, seize all such Loaves as shall be so found deficient in their due Weight 5 and any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, except it shall be proved to any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties againit whom such Information shall be made by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more retpedfable House-keeper, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly arole from foroe unavoiable Accident in baking or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller of Bread beyond the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the said Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall have fixed in some convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Assize Weight of a Half-peck Loaf, a Quartern Loaf, and a Half-quartern Loaf; and also of an Eighteen penny, One Shilling, Six penny and Three penny Loaf; and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any such Loaf or Loaves of Bread from any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, (he or they shall think proper, require the same to be weighed in his, her or their Presence; and if any such Loaf or Loaves shall be found deficient in Weight, then the Person or Persons demanding the same to be so weighed, shall have the Deficiency made up with other Bread or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required by such Person or Persons; and any such Baker or Seller of Bread as aforesaid, who shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Use proper Weights, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who shall refuse to weigh any Half-peck Loaf, Quartern Loaf, or Half quartern Loaf or Loaves purchased in his, her or their Shop, in Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the same, and shall be thereof convisted, either by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her or their own Consession, he, (he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think, fit.

III. Provided

A.D. 1810. $o° GEO. III. C. 73. 189

III. Provided always ar.d be it further enacted, That no Matter, BaVmgonSua-Mistress, Journeyman or other Person respectively exercising or em* daJ* ployed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, beyond the said City of Londnn or the Liberties thereof, or beyond the said Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or shall on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Ten of the Clock Hour*, in the Forenoon and half past One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit or fufifer to be sold or exposed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or baku or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, at any time after half past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in th£ Buttnefs or Occupation thereof, save and except so far a9 may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's Baking, and that no Meat, Pfidding, Pie, Tart or Victuals shall be Setting and brought to or taken from any Bakehouse during the time of Divine SilomreT Service in the Church of the Parish, Hamlet or Place where the -fame is situate, nor within one Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof 5 and every Person offending againtt the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery, hereby allowed between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convilted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Two Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Confefiion by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness or Witnessei upon Oath, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, pay and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punishment hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, for the nrft Offence any Sum not exceeding Flrft Offrnoe. Five Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Second Offence. Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respec- -.tively any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Shillings, and shall moreover offence, on every such Conviction, bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Costs and Expences to be assessect, settled and ascertained by the Justice convicting; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Loss of time in inttituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings ter Diem, and be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his and their own Use and Benefit, and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Parifties where the Offence shall be committed, lo be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, be not paid within Three Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised by Distress and Sale of the Diftrvf*. Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default

or

39° C. 73.74-

50° GEO. III.

AD. f 8 io.

force.

Fubtirk Ad.

or Insufficiency of such Distress commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction on a First Offence for auy time not et-ceeding Seven Days, on the Second Offence for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Third or any subsequeut Offence for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unless the whole of the Penalty, Colls and Expences be looner paid and dischar#*!.

IV. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That neitltfr this A d nor any thing herein contained (liall exteud or be confined to extend to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom of the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice within the several Jurisdictions of the said Universities or either of them u(ed to ascertain and appoint the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within their several Jurisdictions, but that they and every of them shall and may ieverally and respedivsly from time to time, as there shall bc*Occa(ion, ascertain and appoint within their several and respective Jurisdictions the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire and puniffi the Breach thereof as fully and freely in all respects as they used to do, and as if this Act bad never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the several Acts now in force, not altered or varied by any of the Provisions of this Act, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and can be applied for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall be used, exercised, and put in Execution for enforcing the Regulations, Provisions and Directions of this Act, in such and the same manner as if the same were herein contained, and were at large re-enacted and made Part of this Act, and the Penalties by this Act inflicted shall be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties by the said several other Acts infiided are directed to be recovered and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without besog specially

WE Your Majesty's nioit dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland In Parliament assembled, being deiirous of raising the neoessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue of Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned; And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be k

pleaded.

CAP. LXXIV.

enacted

3

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. 74#9*

mfted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Gammons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Expiration of Ten Additional Rates Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and of l'oftage» for the Poftmaiter or Postmasters General of Ireland for the time beingi and hi* or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agent9, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, to have, demand, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance^ all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry or fend Poll to and from Places within Ireland, the additional Rates and Wlthiu Irelsml. Duties hereinafter specified, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say) for the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland* where such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in, to any Dif-snee within Ireland', the Sum of One Penny, for every Doable Letter Two pence, for every Treble Letter Three pence, and for every Ounce m Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Four pence, and so in proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter; and that all Letters and Packets directed Prom Ireland tw from any Place in Ireland, to any Part or Parts in Great Britain or G. B. &c. beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland, from or to Dublin, Waters ford* Donaghadee, or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be establish-cd, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the dud Places, according to the Additional Rate9 aforesaid; and that every Letter or Packet passing through the General Pcft Office in the City of Dublin, from any Place within Ireland not less distant than Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, to any Place within Ireland not ief3 distant than Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, shall be charged and pay according to the said Additional Rates to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the said Additional Rates from Dublin; all which Rates and Duties shall be over and above the Duties of Post age payable on any such Letters and Packets under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of passing of this

Act.

II. And be it enacted, _ That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, as relates to the Mode of folding printed Newspapers sent by the Post free of the Duty of Postage, and as provides that no Newspapers printed in Ireland shall pass free of Postage, unlefa such Newspapers shall be put into the Post Offices of the Cities and Towns where or in which such Newspapers be printed, Two Hour9 at ieaft before the time of the Post being dispatched therefrom, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

III. And Be it further enacted. That the said Rates and Duties Ha*«pwd i« hereby granted shall be paid and payable in Irish Currency, and shall [n?\Cl, rreniC*# be nused, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied, under levi a#

such

43 G. a. c. at. § 16. §17.

repealed.

le

40 G. 3.C..28.

Additional Duty on Windows iu Hott'es having mxout tlua Six.

Duty payable in British Cunency.

Consolidated

Fund.

C. 74, 75. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reftri£lions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Piro-viGons, Exemptions and Exceptions, and Privileges as are mentioned, expressed and contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poji within Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Pod within Ireland; and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, mentioned, expressed and contained, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Rates and Duties, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend ]to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, save only so far as resperis the Amount of Duties under the said Acts or any of them, and save and except so far as the said Acts or any of them are altered or repealed by this Act.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty on Dwelling Houses in Ireland, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein. [15 th 1810.*]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raiflng the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences in Ireland. have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadle d by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, there shall be raised, levied, col It died and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all Rates and Duties on Houses in Ireland in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, the Duty hereinafter described and set forth (that is to say), for and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House in Ireland\ having more than Six Windows or Lights therein, an additional Duty after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on such Houses, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty by this Act granted and made payable shall be paid and payable, and rcctived and receivable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that the said additional Duty, the necessary Charges of receiving and accounting for the same being dedudled, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

III. And

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. 75, 76. 193

III. And be it further enacted, , That all and every the Clauses, Powers of Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in an Act -made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 47G.3. Seff.i, An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Colic Sion of cer c'21' tain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respeS of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs and Carriages; and in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present htajesty's 48 G. a. c. 42. Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and e*teud«d 10 this Taxes in Ireland, in respeS of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses,

Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in reffeS of the like Articles; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, Rates and Taxes, or any of them,

shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions,

Penalties and Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXXVL

An Act to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. [15th June 1810.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Rates and Duties ' W upon damped Vcflush, Parchment and Paper, and upon ' other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in .Ireland f Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That all and singular the Duties upon, or for or in respect of the Former Duti* several Articles, Matters and Things, mentioned in Schedule A. to nd AIIowidc* this Act annexed, under the Care and Management of the Com- "pealed, missioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and also all Allowances whatever on the Purchase of any Stamps in Ireland, granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine, favc and except as hereinafter and in the Schedule hereunto annexed is excepted, and save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allow-ing or paying any Arrears of Duties or Allowances remaining unpaid, and in all Cases relating to any Offence, Fine, Penalty or Forfeitute, which shall have been committed or incurred under the said Acts or any of them, on or before the Commencement of this Act.

II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the acccflary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for Support of Your Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty 50 Geo. III. O'several

v^,

A.D. 1810.

New S«amp Duties sranioil ?s in Schedule A. and Allowances ac-. cording 10 Schedule B.

t Sic.

Dunes, Ac. (ex-cej>t under 6d. Ac.) payable in British Currency.

Dirties under

Clommissioners

Stamps.

Dealers to hare Stamps pennant ndy fixed in Hau.

Tenal ty.

Distributing Hand Bill* un-flamped.

C., 76r 50 GEO. III.

several rtew and otter Duties on damped Vellum*Parchment and Paper, and other Articles and Things undervthe Management of th£ Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland \ and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That, from'and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act re- pealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland» unto His Majesty* his Heis and Successors, for and in respectof the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, emtt-merated and described in the Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties, as they are respec* tively inserted, described and set forth* in Words and Figures in the said Schedule Aand that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters and Things, as are inserted, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of .Money respectnrely inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance, on the Purchase of Stamps, other thau such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding, and in f the said Schedule* marked A. and B. shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several.Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, save and except Duties less than Six pence, and Duties exceeding Six pence and less than One Shilling) shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that in all Cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such Amount, and the Duties and Allowances in respect thereof, shal) be estimated, calculated and taken in British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Person or Persons dealing in Hats, either as a Manufacturer or Importer of Hats, or as a Wholesale or Retail Dealer therein, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession;Smy Hat lined, mounted or ornamented, without having permanently affixed and appearing in a conspicuous Place therein, the Stamp to which such Hat would at the time be liable had it been littered, "vended or sold, upon Pain that every Person and Persons offending in either of the said' Cases shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons as shall sue fur the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hat which shall not have permanently affixed therein as aforesaid such Stamp r.s afore said.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall hawk, darfy about, difperfc or distribute any Hand Bill, not being stamped or marked with the Stamp Duty, by La w required,

A.D. 1810

50° GEO. III. C. 76. J9$

qnired, every such Per Con being- thereof qonvided before any Justice of the Peace, by his or her Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the View of such Justice, shall forfeit Five Shillings to the Person who shall prosecute Tensity, for the same, and in default of immediate Payment thereof, shall and may be committed by such Justice to any Common Gaol within his Jonfdidion for any time not exceeding One Week, or until he or she Imprisonment. AaD pay such Penalty, and it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend and carry before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer shall print or Printing un-cause to be printed any undamped Hand Bill, containing a (ingle flapped Hand Advertisement, such Hand Bill being subject to a Stamp Duty, and ll, s'

shall be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon his, her or their own Consession, or upon the Oath of a credible Witness, such Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum Penalty, of Five Pounds to any Person who shall prosecute for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Proctor in any Proaore chaining Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, who for Stamp* not dull not have previously paid the full Amount of the Stamp Duty

by Law charged and payable on any Warrant to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or to prosecute or defend any Suit, or to confess Judgment therein, or on any Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Suit shall charge to the Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, in such Suit, or shall receive from such Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or from any other Person, the Amount of any such Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made Use of, or issued or filed the Warrant, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Pro* ceeding, duly damped as is required by Law, for which such Charge shall be made or such Amount shall be received, such Proctor shall* for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commeocement of this Act, no Monition, nor any Process or Mandate niinihy Courts." to require the Appearance of any Person or Persons whatsoever in

any Suit, shall issue or pass the Seal of any Ecclesiaftic4 Court, or of the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, nor shall any Appearance be received or entered in any Suit in any of th^ said Courts, unless and until the Pi odor who mall issue such Process or Mandate, or who shall enter such Appearance, shall first file or cause to be tiled with the proper Officer of the Court who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or shall enter or file such Appearance, a Warrant of Attorney duly stamped from the Person or Persons at whose Suit or on whose Behalf such Process or Mandate shall so issue, or such .

Appearance shall be entered, empowering such Proctor to issue such Process or Mandate, or to enter such Appearance, as the case may beS

X. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties paid in

by this Act inflicted and made payable, shall be paid and payable in Currency.

Brittish Currency; and that all Powers, Prcrvifiotis, Rules, Meth6d9,

Duedions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures;

Miners and Things, contained in an Act made in the Forty third Fortner Acts, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 3. c. ax,

O a granting &c*

A.D. 1810

196 C. 76. $o° GEO. III.

granting to His Majesty federal Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commffioners fcr managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and in all and every or any other At* and Act for the granting of'Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be of Force and Efsect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties and Allowances by this Atfc granted and made payable, and for the Recover)' and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures intiidted by this Att, as fully and Lffetiu-ally, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enacted with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and to the Penalties and Forfeitures»hereby inflicted, except only so far as any of such Powers, Pro-

visions, Rules, Methods and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said Acts or any or either of them contained, are expressly altereu or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Atls in force in Inland. licences for ft 1- XI. And be it, further enacted, That any Licence to fell Spiri-ling Spirits. tuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Pcny, Metaeglin or Mead, by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon shall exceed the Sum of Eleven Pounds, shall authorize the Pci foil licensed thereby to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or small, without any further or other Licence: Provided always, that 110 Person, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell such Liquors by Retail shall be less than Twenty two Pounds, shall be authorized by such Licence to fell Spirits in any Quantities exceeding Two Gallons 5 but that if any such Person, 011 whose Licence any such Stamp Duty less than Twenty two Pounds shall be paid, shall pay such additional Stamp Duty as shall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds, such Person shall be authorized to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever, great or small, without any further or other Li-Pruviso. cence: Provided also, that no Licence whatever shall authorize any

Person not being a Retailer or Grocer to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Galions, nor shall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities less than Two reputed Quarts, nor shall authorize any Factor or other Person, r.ot being a Distiller or Importer of Spirits, to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Fifty Gallons.

49 G. 3. c. 57. <

XII. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland,

by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the

14,Coded ion of the Malt Duties in Ireland; it % was, among other Things,

enacted, that it should not be lawful for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in

the Cities of Dublin, Cork, IVaterford or limerick, to require,

demand or receive any Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of claiming any Bounty in respect of any Quantity

of Strong Beer or Ale that such Person might have sold by Retail

in the Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September Ooe thousand eight hundred and nine, or within any subsequent Year* and

that it should. not be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to

AD.i8ro

50° GEO. m.

0.76,

197

give or grant any such Certificate, nor for the Commissioners of

Stamp Duties in Ireland to pay any Bounties to any such Person 4 in reipeft of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale sold by such 4 Person by Retail, within the said Year, or within any subsequent 4 Year: And whereas by a Clerical Error, the Words 44 the Year 44 ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight 14 hundred and nine, " were inserted, instead of the Words 44 the Year 44 ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight

* hundred and ten; 99 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and Bounty to Spirit may be lawful for any Person licensed HT 'fell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in the Cities of Dublin, Year ending*1 Corby Waterford or Limerich, to require, demand and receive any Sept. 29, 1809. such Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise for the Purpose of claiming any such Bounty, in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, that such Person may have sold by Retail in the Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, but not within any subsequent Year; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to give or grant any such Certificate, and «for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, to pay any such Bounties to such Persons in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, sold by such Person by Retail, within such Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine only, under the Regulations and Directions of any Act in force immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the lad Reflion of Parliament; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every and any Penalty and For- Penalties how feiture incurred by any Person for having fold Spirituous Liquors, recovered, &c. Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail without Licence, shall and

may be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, in manner directed by an Act made in the Forty fifth 45 0. 3. c. 30.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rtgula-

ling Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and

Cyder by Retaily and for aifeouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous

Liquors in Ireland, although such Penalty or Forfeiture may exceed

the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 any thing in the said recited Act of

the Forty fifth Year, or any Act or Acts for amending the same,

to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, A^inay bn amended and repealed by any Act or AdU to be passed in this present altered.

Session of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence ComBieneeflwnt. and take effect immediately on and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the Day of the passing thereof, and shall be in force from that time forward and not sooner.

o 3

SCHEDULES

C. GEO. Ill* A.D. 1810.

SCHEDULES tp which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece x>f Yellym or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrofTed, written or printed, any of the following Articles, Matters or Things, or any Part thereof, except as otherwise particularly provided, the respective Duties following; that is to say.

Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament ;

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money, Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250I. Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to jool. and not amounting to 750I. Amounting to 756I. and not amounting to t, oooo1. Amounting to i, cool. or upwards; for every iool. thereof,

Or of any Annuity or Pension,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum,

Amounting to tool, and not amountingto 200I. per Annum,

Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 400I. per Annum,

Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 609I. per Annum,

Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum,

Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to t, ooool.

per Annum, - .

Amounting to i, ooool. per Annum, or upwards.

But where any such Grant of Annuity or Pension shall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of And where several and diftinA Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

Any Grant or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed, or other

£. j. a*

I 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

3° 0 Q

40 0 O

5° 0 Q

1 10 p

Whew

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall not amount to 50I. per Annum, .- -

And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to acol. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to cool, per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to i, ooool. per Annum,

And where the same mall amount to 1 , ooool. and not amount to 1, 500!. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 1, 500!. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 3jGOo1. per Annum, or Upwards, -

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the average Amount thereof for Three Years, preceding, where practicable; and in other Cases according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to, or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments $ the same shall be charged with a feba-rate and distinct Duty, in respect of each POrfori, ^ according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Person. Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged in respect of any Person, to* whom any Office or E n-ployment shall be granted andw, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person shall be in any manner augmented; and, in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respedf of such Person, only in proporti6n to the Amount of the Augmentation.

Provided also, that no Duty shall be charged upon, or in respect of more than one Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any such Grant may be engrolfed, printed or written. Any Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of ParHament, or by the Direction of the £ommiflf>ners of the Customa and port Duties

£. d.

1 10 0

3 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

2Q 0 0

3° 0 0

4° 0 0

50 0 0

75. 0 0

1 bo 0 0

150 p 0

or Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasion thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto,

Any Bond, not being for the Payment of any principal Sum, and not being otherwise charged by Law, -

Bonds for the Payment of any priucipal Sum of Money to remain chargeable as under the Act 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50.

Any foreign or inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft or Order, (except Bank Notes, Bank Poll Bills and Drafts, or Orders in Writing on any Bank or Bankers, all which shall continue liable to the Duty with which they are charged by the said Act 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50. and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, passed on account of Tythes, or for Money payable to any Society for Charitable Loans, or to their Treasurer in trust for them) Where the Sum ex pressed therein shall not exceed iol.

r

Where such Sum, shall exceed

iol.

301.

*°h and shall tool.^,

_ 1; not ex ceed

2GO 1.

1: 1

301. 501. 100I. 2001. 5001. 1, 0001. h 3»oooo hw

5001 [1, 0001 _

Where it shall exceed 3, 000b Any Receipt or other Discharge given on the Payment of any Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 21. and not amounting to iol. Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 201. Amounting to 201. and not amounting to 50I. Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to tool. Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200). Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500 b and upwards,

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands,

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any registered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bill, Note or Deed, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on account of Pay, Allowances, or other Military or Naval Perquisite3 or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer, for Money re-

£ j. </.

o 10

o 10 o

0

1

1

2

3

4 7

0 ic

1 o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

050

ceived

ceived for His Majesty, or any Acknowledgment by Letter, of Money, Bills or Notes remitted by Post; and except any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or for any Part of the Personal Estate of any Person dying Intestate, and any Receipt given by any Officer of the Revenue for the Duties on Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Horses and Male Servants; all which Receipts ana Discharges shall continue liable to the Duties with which they are charged by the said Act 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50.

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration for such Conveyance shall not exceed tool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed jool. or where the Amount of such Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney,

Any Warrant to any Proctor to prosecute or defend any Suit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty,

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland by any Proctor, for each and every Defendant named in tuch Entry,

'Any Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences,

Any Hand Bill containing a Single Advertisement not otherwise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Charities, Robberies, Mureters, Loss of Property and Sales under Distress Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent, - - -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road, surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast,

Within the Rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His MajestVs Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant thereof, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein.

£k s. d.

2 ©-

IO O

0 2 6

o i e o 2

o o 0$

40 o o

23 0

In

4

In any other Place within the DistriA of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny* and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Caffiel, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniikilien, Galway, Kinsale, Lif-bume, Lough rea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Mar-ket Place therein respectively,

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described -

And if the Person licensed in such other Parts of Ireland, other than those so before described, shall also be licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Galions, a further Duty of Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead* at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland, -

And for every successive Month,

Any Licence to fell Home-made Spirits, on Com-, million or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller,

Any Licence to fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits, -

Any Licence to keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not be less than 1, 040 square Feet, and shall not exceed 1, 400 square Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being used in any Brewery or Distillery, for each and every Cittern or Kiln, 'whichever shall be the greatest in Number in each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on, -

£. / d.

22 o o

11 00

II O Q

IOO I O ©

210©

210©

6 O Q

ARTICLES NOT STAMPED.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Accounts (not being Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or AbstraAs thereof, liable to a Duty of id. under the said A A 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50), or m any other printed Paper or Pariphlet dispersed or made public Yearly, Monthly, or at any other Interval of Time* or in any Hand Bill containing more than one Ad-" vertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclama-

50° GEO. nif

C. 76.

£ x. d.

tion. Order of Council, or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or pubbshed in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette, - 0 a ft

And for every Ten Lines which every such Advertisement, Proclamation, Order, or Act of State, shall contain, over and above the fird Ten Lines ( no such Line to exceed 20 ms of the Letter called Long Primer, or two Inches and three-quarters of an Inch), a further Duty of 0 2 61

And if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then a Duty, in all Cases, equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties. For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a Magistrate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or Open Place, at such Fair, - 260

SCHEDULE (B.)

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office, of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin to be .damped, or who shall buy any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the said Head Office, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to aol. or upwards slave and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be damped with any Duty of iol..or upwards, and save and except Hat Stamps).after the Rate of il. ros. for every iool. upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or damped.

To any Person.who shall bring any Hat Lining or Paper to the'Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin to be damped for .Hats, or who .shall buy at the said Head Office, or fiom any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland, any Hat Lining or Paper, with Stamps thereon for flats, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to 40a. or upwards, after the Rate of 10I. for every iool. upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon the said Hat Lining, or Paper so brought or damped.

To Stationers and -Shopkeepers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount at one and the same time of 5I. in consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper damped for Receipts, but actually and bona Jide felling the same for the Price of the1 Stamp only, 7 I. ias. for every iool. of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts fc and so in proportion for any greater or- leis Sum, not under the Sum of 5I. This Allowance-being over and above the Allowance on the prompt payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of 201. and upwards.

A.D. 1810

2+4 C.77. 5c0 GEO. m.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain.

[75th June 1810.]

ITT HEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs

should be imposed on the Importation into Great Britain 1 of certain Species of Wood Be it therefore enacted by the King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

Additirmil Duty ment assen.bled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall on certain Tiro* be severally and respectively raised, levied, collected and paid to and her imported. for Ute of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon tile following Articles; videlicet, Balks, Battens and Batten Ends, Clap Boards, Oak Boards, Paling Boards, Pipe Boards, Wainscot Boards, Deals and Deal Ends, Fire Wood, Fir Quarters, Hand- spikes, Lath Wood, Malts, Yards and Bowsprits, Oak Plank, Oars, Spars, Staves, Fir Timber, Oak Timber, Users and Wainscot Logs, 01 whatever Description the same may respectively be, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, additional permanent and temporary Duties of Customs, equal in Amount to the permanent and temporary Duties already payable upon the like Articles, as the said Duties are severally and respectively described ajid set forth in Figures in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 49G.3.C. 98. Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeating.the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for Exportation. granting new Duties in lieu thereof and in consideration of the addi-

DmwbacU. tional Duties hereby imposed, there shall be paid or allowed upon the

Exportation of fu?h of the said Articles as are now entitled to Drawback additional Drawbacks equal in Amount to what are already allowed by the said recited Act, upon Articles of the like Description exported from Great Brita\ny and which Drawbacks are aHo respectively described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the said recited A ft.

Commencement II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and additional take effect, with respect to the additional Duties of Customs imposed

Italics. on Fir Timber, Deals, Deal Ends, Battens, Batten Ends, Boards

and Oak Plank, from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and with respect to the other Articles on which additional Duties are also by this Act imposed, the same shall commence and take effect from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten: Provided always, that the said additional Duties shall be charged and shall be payable on any of the said Articles, which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, which shall be taken out of any such Ware-house or Place wherein the same shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain after the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hun* dred and ten, as the Case may apply to the said Articles, notwithstanding the same may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Days respectively.

III. And

V

AJ).1810.

26$

$o° GEO. III. C. 77.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much*of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed as fall under the Title and Description of temporary Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any of the said Articles with the additional Duties hereby impoled which AaJl be imported directly from any Brit jh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or which shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; nor to charge with the additional Duties hereby imposed, any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, nor any Fir Timber being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, being the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence.

V. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby imposed upon the Importation of the said several Species of Wood shall and may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain. Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated and applied, and the said Drawbacks shall be allowed, in such and the like manner as any Duties and Drawbacks of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Re* frictions. Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for any Offence whatever committed agiinft or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties and Drawbacks as fully and cffednally to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at West-miafer, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year

of

fontinuance of tmipoiary Duties.

Proviso for Articles imported f rom certain Tarts.

For Deals.

Duties secured by Bond.

43G.3.S. 13*. '

Duties under ( ominifliouers of Custouu,

How Duties and Drawbacks levied and allowed.

Duties appropriated as umlr r 49 G. 3.C. 9*.

ao 6

Proviso for Con* tn&s already made.

Altered, &c.

47 G. 3. Seff. a.

f. 13.

repealed.

49 G.3. e. 119.

licences granted between Dec. 1, 1 808, and Dec. 1, following.

C. 77, 78, 79. $0* GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

of the Reign of 'flis present Majesty are dine&ed to be appropriated and applied.

IX. And whereas Contrafts may hive been made for the Sale of

Wood, prior to the passing of this Act: 'Be it therefore enacted. That in all Cases where any Wood whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, /Hall be delivered in pursuance of such Contrafts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealer in such Wood delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall' be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in addition to the Price of such Wood, and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, -varied or repealed, during the present Session of "Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing Insurrection, and preventing the Disturbances of the Publick Peace in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of 4 His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to suppress 4 Insurrections, and prevent the D'Jlurbance of the Public Peace in 4 Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be 4 repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Proceedings had under the said Act at any time before the passing of this present Act.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for regulating the Continuance of Licences for distilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland.

[15th June 1810/]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Licences granted for Distillation from

Sugar, at whatever Period of the Year the same wer^ granted,

should not be held to refer.to and be in force. from the Tenth 4 Day of November.immediately preceding the Date of.such Licences 4 respectively; An^ whereas it is expedient that all Licences for 4 Distillation from Sugar should take effect from a certain Day in

each Year, and remain and be in force for and during a fixed Period 4 of Time Be it therefore enacted by. the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lon}s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That each and every Licence granted or to be granted ior the Purpose aforesaid, between

the

50° GEO. III. C. 79, 80. 207

the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, and the First Day of December next ensuing, shall be deemed and construed to have taken efsect, and shall take effect from the Day of the Date of such Licence or Licences respectively, and the same shall enure and be in force from the Date thereof, until the said First Day of December next ensuing 5 any thing in the said Licences contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Licence* to diflit First Day of December next ensuing, every Licence to be granted to any Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, for the making e

or diddling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Cqnfumption, shall commence and take effect from the First Day of December in each Year, and shall be and rertiain in Force and Effect for and during any Period of Time, in which, by or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, passed or to be pa fled, the I) i (filiation of Spirita from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, not exceeding the Space of One Year from every such First Day of December: Provided always, that' it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver Tip to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his or their Licence to be vacated or altered, on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time, and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Yeflr of the Reign oF His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 48 G*c*11 to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed, for vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Consumption in the said Lowlands; any thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for reviving and further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, several Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast: of Labrador, and of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon.

[15th June 1810.]

Cl 47 G. 3. Self 1. c. 24. (continued 48 G. 3. c. 20. § 3.) revived M and continued till March 25, 18 ri. — § 1. 49 G. 3. c. 26. revived w and continued till March 25, 1811. — -§ 2.

4#f

C.81.

50 GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

44 G. 3. e. 106.

45 G. 3. c. 65. 47 G.a.Seff. 1. C.41. 49 G. 3. c. 51.

Treasury of Ireland may issue 2, 0»*0l. for ray-mem of Clerk*,

1c.

CAP. LXXXL An Act to continue until theFirft Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts for appointing Cora-nuffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of 4 W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ftve9 Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Ptrquifttes 4 and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several 4 Publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any 4 Abuses which may exist in the same: and into the present Mode of 4 receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Publick Money in 4 Ireland; and the said recited Act has by certain Acts, made in the 1 Forty fifth. Forty seventh and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign been continued with Amendments, until the Fit ft 4 Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten: And whereas 4 h is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year, as amended by the said other recited Acts, should be continued in 4 manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enaSed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Acts, shall be and the said Acts are hereby further continued until and upon the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II. And be it further enaSed, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland\ or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue, and cause to be issued over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any Three cr more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direS, out of* any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meflengerg, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act, and this Act, and in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland) without any Feet or other Charges to be taken or demanded

far

50° GEO. III.

C. 81, 82, 83.

209

for the issuing or Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland. [15th June 1810.]

FOR the Prevention of fraudulent Practices in respect of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed fold in Ireland for sowing; Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi» present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That no Action or Suit shall be brought in Ireland, whereby to Conditions e* charge any Person to answer Damages for having, at any time after which Ad»<m* the passing of this Act, fold unfound, mixed, bad or damnified Flax [or ud'". Seed or Hemp Seed, or Flax Seed or Hemp Seed unfit for sowing, ^"tobe* >

unless the Warranty on which such Action shall be brought, or brought, fotre Memorandum or Note thereof, shall be in Writing signed by the Party to be charged therewith, or by some other Person thereunto by him lawfully authorized; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Action or Suit relating to any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed fold in any smaller Quantity than Two Buihels.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and for indemnifying Ptrlbns liable to any Penalty for having acted contrary thereto. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS certain Acts heretofore made for regulating and controlling the Manufacturer in the making, selling and exporting of Woollen Cloth, which, from a Change of Cir- cnmilances, are become inexpedient, and if enforced would be 4 injurious to the Parties; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tin' Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fil'd Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Richard the Third, intituled. The Length and i, ruidth of Cloths, j R.3. c. |. and the Order of dying them and ITools, the Ai-i'by of the /luhuger, and what Cloths he may seal (a); an Act paiLd in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

An Act that White Wool and Cloths of Five Marls and under may be 5 H. r. c. 3.

carried over the Sea unfhorn; an Act passed in the 'Twenty ievei.th

Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty King Henry the Eighth,

intituled, For Cloths Whites of iv li. and not cdove, and coloured 27 H. 8. c. 13.

Cloths of Hi li. and not above, to be carried over the Scu unbarbed and

unshorn; an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of

His said Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Exposition Q3 jj. g 19#

of a certain Statute concerning the flipping of Cloths, shall be a.id the

ume are hereby repealed; and every Person liable to any Forfeiture, fepealed*

(a) [Repealed, 49 G. 3. c. J09. § i.J ^0 Geo. III. P Penalty

310

A.D.iS

Scotch Acts.

10, 0001. yearly set apart in the Hands of Receiver General in Scotland.

Clerks Of

Vrclhyteries to

cake up Accounts of f*ari(hcs under ^ol.

C. 83, 84. jo* GEO. III.

Penalty or Punishment for any thing done contrary to any of the Provisions in any of the said Acts, is hereby indemnified from the same.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cases ifl Scotland. [ 1 jth June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and thirty three*

intituled, Jlnent the Rate and Price of Tcinds; and by another Act

of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the same Year One thousand

six hundred and thirty three, intituled, Commission for Valuation 4 of Triads not valued, rectifying the Valuations of the same already 4 made, and other Particulars therein contained, it was statuted, ordained and declared, that all Heritors and Life-renters of Lands 4 in Scotland should be entitled to have the Teinds or Tithes of their 4 Lauds valued at certain fixed Rates, to be paid for the same in all 4 time to come; And whereas in many Parishes in Scotland where the

Stipends of the Parochial Ministers are payable out of the Teindt

or Tithes in consequence of the Depreciation of the Value of 4 Money, the Stipends of such Parochial Ministers have become inadequate to their Support and Maintenance, and on account of the 4 Valuations of Teinds which have taken Place, no Funds exist out 4 of which future Augmentations of such Stipends can be granted: 4 And whereas in several Parishes where the Stipends of the Parochial 4 Ministers ate payable out of Funds and Revenues separate and 4 distinct from the Teinds, such Stipends have also become inadequate to the Support and Maintenance of the Ministers thereof, and no Funds exist out of which such Stipends can be augmented: 4 And whereas it is expedient that means should he provided for augmenting the Stipends of each of such Ministers as aforesaid, to a 4 yearly Amount or Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling, and it appears that an annual Sum not exceeding Ten 4 thousand Pounds Sterling will he sufficient to carry these Purposes 4 into Effect May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Ten*, poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall in every Year be set apart and appropriated in the Hand# of His Majesty's Receiver General and Paymaster in Scotland, out of the Publick Revenues and Money received and collected by him, an annual Sum, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand founds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to answer the Purposes of this Act, to be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the Clerks to the different Prelhy-teries within Scotland, shall make up Accounts of the different Parishes within each Presbytery, the Stipends of which Parishes do not extend in their yearly Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, and which cannot be augmented to that Extent under the Laws at present in force, either by reason of the Teinds of such Parishes being already exhausted, or for other want

5

C. 84.

211

50 GEO. in

Of Funds out of which such Augmentations could be made, or where, from the small Amount or Value of the unexhaufted Teinds it has been deemed inexpedient to bring Actions of Augmentation; which Accounts shall specify the Amount of each such Stipend iu Money, Grain, or other Articles in tvhich the same is payable, and the Rate at which such Grain or other Articles, if not in use to be paid in Kind are convertible into Money, and if in use to be paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the last Nine Years preceding the passing of this Act, and the Period when such Stipend was last augmented, and if any unexhaufted Teind remains, specifying the Amount or Value thereof as far as the same can he ascertained, and the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Teind Clerk or principal Clerk to the Lords of Council and Section, as Commif-tioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds appointed by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in One thousand seven hundred and seven.

III. And be it enacted, That when and as soon as the Accounts shall be received from the Clerks to the different Prelbyteriea in manner before mentioned, the same shall, upon the Application of any of the Ministers interested, or of the Procurator for the Church on Behalf of the whole, be taken into Considerat.ion by the Lords of Council and Section as Commissioners as aforesaid, and a List or Schedule shall thereupon be made up under their Direction and Authority, of all such Stipends which from the Causes aforesaid cannot be augmented to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, under the Laws at present in force, specifying the Amount of each Stipend in Money, Grain, or other Articles in which the same is payable, and the Rate at which such Grain and other Articles, if not in use to be paid in Kind, are convertible into Money, or if in use to be paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the last Nine Years preceding the passing of this Act, and of the Sums necessary to augment each such Stipend, including its present annual Amount or Value to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling: Provided that the said Augmentations shall not exceed in the whole the annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling; and in such Lift or Schedule it shall and may be lawful to the said Lords of Council and Section as Commissioners aforesaid, to specify those Cases in which in their Opinion the Teinds should be fully exhausted before any Relief or Augmentation should be granted under the Authority of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in those Cases where the present Stipend does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds, and where the unexhaufted Teinds will not be suficient to augment it to an Amount beyond One hundred and fifty Pounds, and where the Commissioners are of Opinion that the Teiods-fhould be in the first Instance exhausted for each Minister whose Case shall be fu specified as aforesaid, forthwith to institute a Process of Modification and Augmentation for obtaining the Remainder of such unexhaufted Teinds; and that it shall be law ful for the said Lords of Council and Section as Commissioners aforesaid, to award to him the Whole of such unexhaufted Teinds as soon as the Course of such Process shall admit, any thing in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in

P 2 augmenting

Particular* Of

Stipends

specified.

Scotch Act.

Lord* of Session to take into Confident ion Lift of Stipends and Augmentation* to 1 SOt.

Prorifo;

Process of Modification for obtaining unexhausted 1'eiudft

480.3, C. 138,

C. 84.

A.D. 18I0,

Lift of Stipends fem to each Miuiltcr, &c.

In what case

TVIinifters may apply to Prefby-Kries.

Preftiyteries to report thereon-

'Ministers may petition Commissioners of Tehids.

lift of Stipends

recorded.

C cnified Copy of recorded Lift f«*nt to Barons»f t ic Kxdietjuer.

50

GEO. III.

augmenting anti modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary contained in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That the Lift or Schedule so to be made up as aforesaid, shall, under the Directions of the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, be forthwith printed, and a Copy thereof shall be sent by their Clerk to each Minister whose Stipend shall have been included in the Accounts transmitted from tht Presbyteries to the said Teind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, in manner before mentioned, and a Copy to the Clerk of each Presbytery within Scotland\ who shall thereupon give Notice to each Minister of the Presbytery of the Receipt of fuel) printed Copy of the aforesaid Lift or Schedule.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Minister of the Presbytery whose Stipend shall not be fpe-eified in the said Lift or Schedule, but whose Stipend should in virtue of this Act have been so specified therein, to make a Representation to the Presbytery of the Bounds, shewing why his Stipend should be so specified, and for every Minister whole Stipend shall be specified in the said Lift or Schedule to present Objections thereto, if he shall fee cause, to such Presbytery of the Bounds; and it shall be lawful to each Presbytery, and such Presbytery is hereby required to take such Representations and Objections into Consideration, and to report their Opinion upon such Lift or Schedule as the same may appear to then: , to the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid: Provided always, that such Report shall be made by each Presbytery, and transmitted by the Clerk of such Presbytery to the Teind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the said Lift or Schedule shall have been received by the Clerk of such Presbytery.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Minister shall think himself aggrieved by any Report made by or Proceedings of any Presbytery in the Matters aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to such Minister to present his Petition to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, stating the Grounds of his Objection or Complaint in the Premises; and the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall order such Petition to be taken intQ Consideration in a summary way, and direct the same to be answered, or otherwise; and shall determine in the Matter of such Objection or Complaint as early as the Circumstances of the Case will permit; and such Determination shall be final and conelusive, and not subject to any Appeal to the House of Lords.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Dispatch after such Reports shall have been received from the Presbyteries as aforesaid, take the same with the Determination that may have been given on any Petition as aforesaid, and the Lift or Schedule formerly prepared by them into Consideration, and shall confirm the said Lift or Schedule, or make such Alterations thereon as to them shall seem just and expedient, and shall adjust and settle the same, and after it shall have been so adjusted and settled shall order the same to be recorded in their Books.

IX. And

AJXiSio. 50° GEO. III. C. 84.' 31$

l£. And be it enacted, That the said Teind Clerk or Clerk to the Precepts to Mi-Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall forth- n, sters Pay* with make out an Extract or certified Copy of the said recorded umi

Lift or Schedule, and transmit the same to the Barons of His Ma- wecc jelly's Exchequer in Scotland, who shall appoint the same to be also forthwith recorded in their Books; and'shall thereupon issue a Precept or Warrant, addressed to His Majesty's said Receiver General and Paymaster in Scotland\ to each of the Ministers of the respective Parishes mentioned in such Lift or Schedule for Payment to such Minister, of the annual Sum, which according to such Lift or Schedule is necessary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times hereinafter directed during his Incumbency in the Parish mentioped in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to be transmitted to the Minister therein mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Lords of Council In what case and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, shall have decided in any Pro- Coimn-ffioners t# cess or Processes for obtaining the Remainder of any unexhaulled fj^7henfto b« Teinds in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall thereupon, or upon rccorfj*d &c> any other Ground, have determined with respect to the Stipend or

Stipends of any Minister or Ministers which ought to be augmented under the Authority of this Act, and shall have ascertained the Sum necessary for augmenting each such Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid shall cause a List or Schedule'of such Stipend or Stipends to be made out in manner as hereinbefore directed, specifying the Sum necessary for augmenting each such Stipend to the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; and such Lift or Schedule shall be recorded in the Books of the Teind Court, and an Extract or certified Copy thereof shall be made out in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall be transmitted to the Barons of Exchequer, who shall cause the same to be also recorded in their Books, Wairants for and shall issue their Precept or Warrant, addressed to His Majesty's Payment, &c. said Receiver General and Paymaster in Scotland, to each of the Ministers of the respective Pan (lies mentioned in such Lift or Schedule, for Payment to such Minister of the annual Sum which according to such Lift or Schedule is necessary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times hereinafter directed, during his Incumbency, in the Parish mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to be, transmitted to the Minister therein mentioned.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Augmentations by this Act Aurnrv^tations

franted out of the Fund before mentioned shall be payable by Two , oho I*"(l "If* lalf-yearly Payments at the Terms of Whitsunday and Michaelmas in yrav1/ each Year; and the First Half-yearly Payment thereof shall be due <civer and payable for the Half-year immediately preceding the Term of Whitsunday last; and the same shall be so expressed in the Precepts or Warrants to be issued by the Barons of Exchequer in manner hereinbefore directed; and at the First Term of Whitsunday or Michaelmas after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as the Amount of the respective Augmentations shall be fixed and settled, the said Receiver Geueral and Paymaster shall be and is hereby re-

P 3 quired

*>4

Oat of first Year'# Augmentation is. in the Pouad to be retained.

to be apflied in

paying Expences incurred,e.

Iu cases of

Death or Removal, how Sue cessors shall act for obtaining Stipend, &.c.

t

p. 84. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

quired to pay to the Minister mentioned in such Precept or Warrant ps hereinbefore directed to be issued, or to any Person or Persons duly 'authorized to that Effect by such Minister, the Half-yearly Payments that may be due and payable to such Mmiiler at the time, subject to Deduction for the First Year, in manner hereinafter mentioned; and at every subsequent Term of Whitfunday or Michaelmas thereafter, the said Receiver General and Paymaster shall be and is hereby required to pay to such Minister, or Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, the Half-yearly Payment or Payments that may be due to such Minister at the time.

XII. And be it enacted, That out of the First Year's Augmentation granted to such Ministers as aforesaid, and payable by virtue of this Act, the said Receiver General and Paymaster shall be and he ia hereby authorized and required to deduct and retain the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound Sterling, of the Sum payable to each of such Ministers as aforesaid, to be applied in manner hereinafter directed, but such Deduction shall be made only from the Augmentation payable for the First Year under this Act, and no such Deduction shall be made from the Augmentation payable for any subsequent Year.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, shall cause to be made up an Account of the Expences incurred, and of the Recompence to be made to the Persons employed under the Authority of this Act, for their Labour and Trouble in the Matters aforesaid, and shall specify in such Account the Persons to whom such Expences and Recompence shall be paid, and the Sum payable to each Person, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound, to be retained by the said Receiver General and Paymaster in manner before mentioned, and shall certify the same to the said Barons of Exchequer; and the said Barons of Exchequer shall from time to time issue their Warrants upon the said Receiver General and Pay-master, for Payment to the Persons specified in such Account, or to their Order, of the several Sums of Money therein specified.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Minister of any Church or Parish whose Stipend shall hayebeen foecified in any LiiV or Schedule hereinbefore directed to be prepared by the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall die or be removed from the Charge of his Church or Parish, his Succefior in such Church or Parish, it no Precept or Warrant had been granted co his Predecessor, shall be entitled to take all such Steps in regard to the obtaining of such Precept or Warrant as would have been competent to his Predecessor, but shall be as*[* he is hereby bound and obliged to account for and pay to his Predecessor, or to the Executors or personal Representatives of his Predecessor, whatever Part of the Augmentation granted under the Authority of this Act shall be due to such Predecessor, or to the Executors or personal Representatives of such Predecessor respectively; and if such Precept or Warrant had previously been granted, the Minister succeeding to such Church or Parish shall be entitled to apply to the said Barons of Exchequer to be put in the Place and Stead of the Minister so dying or being removed as aforesaid, with respect to future Payments under this Act, in the manner hereinafter mentioned; and the said Barons of Exchequer upon being satisfied that the Minister so applying has succeeded to the Church or Parish of the Minister so dying or being

rcmoTtd

AJ).l8io.'50* GEO- III. C. 84. 215

removed as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue a Precept or Warrant t# the said Receiver General and Paymaster in favour of the Minister so applying for Payment to him of the Sums which were payable to the former Minister of such Church or Parish at the Terms or Times hereinbefore directed, during his Incumbency in the Church or Parish mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to be transmitted to the Minister therein mentioned; and the Sums therein mentioned shall be payable and be paid upon such Precept or Warrant by the said Receiver General and Paymaster to the Minister mentioned therein, or to any Person or Person9 duly authorized to that EfFeft, at the Term or Terms, and in manner hereinbefore directed; and so on, as often as the Case shall happen, with respect to all the Ministers who shall succeed to any Church or Parish, the Stipend of \vhjch shall be inserted in any such Lift or Schedule as pforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Rights and How and in what Interests of the respective Ministers who may be entitled to the Aug- Rights of mentations to be granted under the Authority of this Act, shall, in Ministers to case of their Decease or Removal, cease and determine at the same

Terms of Whit fund ay or Michaelmas, and in the same manner, as the Rights and Interests of the Clergy of Scotland in their other Stipends cease and determine by the Law of Scotland; and that in like manner the Rights and Interests of their Successors to the said Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of this Act, shall commence at the Terms of Whitsunday or Michaelmas immediately preceding their Admission to their respective Churches or Paristies, in the same n^anner as the Rights and Interests of the Clergy of Scotland to their other Stipends, do commence by the Law of Scotland.

XVI. provided also, and be it enacted, That the Executors or Executors m*y personal Representatives of the Ministers deceasing, whose Stipends dnw for One shall be augmented under the Authority of this Act, and the Exe- Salf'year]yA futors or personal Representatives of their Successors, shall be entitled

to draw One Half-yearly Moiety of the Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of this Act, in Name of jinny over and above be due. the Stipends that may have been due to the Ministers deceasing, in the same manner as is directed by the Law of Scotland with respect to the other Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland; and the Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer shall grant Precepts or Warrants to His Majesty's said Receiver General and Paymaster, for Payment of the said Half-yearly Moiety in Name of jinny to those having Right thereto by the Law of Scotland, upon their Receipt, and this without the Necessity of any Confirmation or other Title to be made up in that Behalf.

XVII. And be it enacted, That when the Pastoral Charge in any Augmentation of the Churches or Parifties the Stipends of which shall be augmented not paid during as hereinbefore mentioned, shall at any time hereafter become vacant, Vacancies,

the several Sams hereinbefore directed to be appropriated for augmenting such Stipends respectively, shall not during any such Vacancy (excepting only with regard to the Half-yearly Moiety in Name of jinny directed to be paid as hereinbefore Ipecified), be applicable to the Purposes to which vacant Stipends in Scotland are at present by Law applicable; nor shall they in any such case be subject as vacant Stipends are to the Disposal of the Pations of such vacant Parifties* or of tb$ Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer iti Parifties of which

P \ His

A.D. 1810.

tO

bat to be applied lo Fund for Provision of Widows and Children of Clergymen,

*VG.a. C. ao.

The Eatons of

I'xcbrqufr »o Hi ue Precept for Payment to Trustees of Fund,

who may lend out the Money % i interest.

Payment* allows I to Receiver General.

Precepts, Fee, eaeitipt from Stamp Duty,

Forging Precepts, 5(0,

C. 84. 50° GEO. III.

His Majesty is Patron, or of the Synods of Argyll or Glenelg, which have or claim to have a Right by Law to dispose of the vacant Stipends within their Bounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of every Vacancy occurring in the Parishes in which the Parochial Stipends shall have been augmented under the Authority of this Act, the annual Sums hereinbefore directed to be appropriated for augmenting the Stipends hereinbefore mentioned, shall, after Payment of the Ann in manner before directed* during any Vacancy in any of the said Churches or Parishes, be payable and be paid to the Trustees appointed by the Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-Icnt Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals and Majlen in the Univerjilies of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Acts made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Tears of the Reign of His late Majesty Kin* George the Second, for those Purboses, or to their General Collector, to be applied by the said Trustees in the way they shall judge most expedient and effectual for securing a permanent Addition to the Annuities provided to the Widows therein mentioned, in all time coming.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when any such Vacancy shall occur, the said Barons of Exchequer shall, upon the Application of the said Trustees or their General Collector, issue their Precept or Warrant to the said Receiver General and Paymaster, for Payment to the said Trustees or their General Collt&or, as aforesaid, of the whole Amount of the Sums directed to be appropriated under the Authority of this Act in Augmentation of the Stipend of the said vacant Church or Parish, at the same Term or Terms at which vacant Stipends are at present by the Law of Scotland payable to Patrons and others having interest therein.

XX. And be it further ena<S-d, That it shall and may be lawful to, and for the said General Collector, under the Authority and by the Directions of the said Trustees, and according to such Regulations they shall judge expedient, to lend out at Interect, on sufficient Security, the several Sums hetehy appointed to be paid to the said Trustees or their General Collector by the said Receiver General and Raymaster as aforefa'd, from time to time, for the Purpose of providing a permanent Fund, in addition to the Annuities before mentioned, established under the Authority of the said recited ACfc of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Payments to be made by the said Receiver General and Paymaftt r, of the several Sums of Money hereinbefore directed to be paid by him to the several Persons and for the several Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, upon the Receipts of those legally entitled or authorised to receive the same, shall be allowed in his Accounts,

XXII. And be it enacted, That the several Precepts or Warrants to be issued in manner before mentioned, and the Receipts to be granted for the .Sums of Money: ayable as hereinbefore directed, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Perfor.s shall /qrge or counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited,

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. 0.84, 85.

any such Precept or Warrant, or Precepts or Warrants as aforesaid, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any written Factory or Mandate, for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money made payable under the Authority of this Act, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any Receipt or Receipts granted on Payment of such Soma of Money as aforesaid, or Signature or Signatures thereto, and shall issue the same with an Intent to defraud the said Receiver General and Paymaster or his Successors in Office, or any Person or Persons entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money payable under the Authority Of this Act, then every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as Persons guilty of the Crime of Forgery are liable to be punished by the Law of ScotlandL

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Fees or Expences whatsoever shall be charged by or paid to any Clerks or Officers of the said Lords of Council and S.ffion as Commissioners aforesaid, or of the said Barons of Exchequer, or the said Receiver General and Paymaster, or any Clerk or Officer employed by or under him, save and except the Expences and Recompence for the First Year, to be ascertained in the Account of the same, to be made up and paid in manner before directed.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and Jie said Barons of Exchequer, shall and may from time to time give such Directions for the Regulation of their respectiye Clerks and Officers employed, or that may be employed to carry this Act into Execution, where special Directions are not hereby given relative to the same, as to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and to the Barons of Exchequer shall seem fit and expedient.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, in respect of which Security ought to be given; and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices, in the Event of such Security not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of such Office. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that Provision should be made, for preventing any Negligence, Omission or Ir-tfregularity, in the giving of due Securities by all Persons employed. in Situations of Publick Trust, and concerned in the Receipt and 1 Distribution or Expenditure of Publick Money, who are required 4 to give Security to account for Publick Monies coming to their

Handsand for qfeertaining the Death of any Surety or Sureties 4 of any such Person 5* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Qommons, hi this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed to any Office or Employment, or Commission, Civil or Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any such Office or Employment of Publick Trust under the Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, and yho by reason thereof shall be required to give Security with Surety

or

Punifliraent.

Fees.

Commissioners of'ieinds, &c. may give Directions for Regular lion ot Clerks.

Persons hereaftqj to be a|>|>oiiiteil to Offices of Publick Trull in England to give Security.

Fcrfons already appointed to give pecarity.

Fcrfons giving >enirity 10 r< gif-tcr Memorial',

or Sureties or otherwise, (h?ll, within One Month after Notice of such Appointment, if he shall then be in England, or within Twq Months if he shall then (re in Scotland or Ireland, or within Six ^lonths if he shall then be in any other Part of Europe or in America pr the West Indies, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he shall then be in the East Indies or in any other Part of Asia* or within Ten Months if he shall then be on the High Seas, (unlefs he shall sooner arrive in England or Wales, or Scotland or Irelandr and then within Two Months after such Arrival) give, execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, in such Sum, and with such sufficient Surety or Sureties as shall be approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers or Person or Persons in the Office or Department to which he shall be appointed, for the due Performance of the Trull reposed in him, and for the duly accounting for all Publick Monies entrusted to him or placed under his Controul.

II. And be it further tnacted, That every Person who, before the passing of this Act, shall have been appointed to and shall hold any Office or Employment, or Commission Civil pr Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any such Office or Employment of Publick Trull under tile Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Collection^ Receipt, Dilburfement or Expenditure of Publick Monies, and who by reason thereof shall have been or shall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwise, and who shall not before have given such Security, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, if such Person shall then be in England or Wales, within Two Months if he shall then be in Scotland, or within Three Months if he shall then be in Ireland\ or within Six Months if he shall then £e in any other Part of Europe or in the Wefi Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eiehteen Months if he shall then be in the Eafi Ind.es or in any other Part of AJta> or within Ten Months if he shall then be on the High Seas (unlefs he shall sooner arrive in England, Wales pr Scotland or Ireland\ and then within Two Months after such Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, ia such Sum of Money and with fuel* fufficic.it Surety or Sureties as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officer* of the Office or Department to which he belongs, for the due Performance of the Trull reposed in him, and for the duly accounting for all the Publick Monies entrusted to him or placed under hi* Controul.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, by reason of his Appointment to or holdi.ig of any Office or Employment or Commission Civil or Military, in any Publick Department in England or of Publick Trust under the Crown, or who, by reafoq of being concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Dilburfement or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, shall, before passing of this Act, have given or executed or entered into, or shall hereafter give or execute or enter into any Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, or for the duly accounting for Monies entrusted to him, shall cause a Memorial

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 85.

mortal of such Bond or Bonds, or Security or Securities, to be registered with the Register. of the County of Middlesex in manner hereinafter mentioned; and every such Memorial shall, as to all Bonds within various and Securities entered into before the passing of this Act, be re- Times, according giftered, if the Person on whose Behalf the lame shall have been enr tered into, shall reside or be in Great Britain, within Four Months after en the passing of this Act, and if in Ireland within Three Months, and if in any other Part of Europe or in the West Indies or America within Twelve Months, and it in Africa within Fifteen Months, and if in the East Indies or in any other Part of Asia within Eighteen Months, and if on the High Seas within Twelve Months (unlefs he shall sooner arrive in England or Wales, Scotland or Ireland, and then within Four Months after such Arrival) respectively after the passing of this Act, and as to all such Bonds and Securities to be entered into after the passing of this Act, such Memorials shall be registered within the like Periods respectively after entering into the same, according to the Place- or Country in which the Person appointed shall be at the time of giving, executing or entering into such Bond or other Security as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person required Memorial-by this Act to regiiter any such Memorials as aforesaid, shall produce be produced orcanfe to be produced by his Agent or some Person acting on his

Behalf, to the Officer or pther Person with whom his Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities shall have been or is to be deposited, a Memorial of such Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities signed by himself, containing the Christian and Surnames, and Additions and Places of Abode of himself and of his Sureties, if any, and the several Sums in which they are respectively bound, together with the Date or respective Dates of the said Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities, and the Substance of the Condition or Conditions thereof; and the Officer or Person to whom such Memorial To be lijrncd and shall be so produced, if the same appears to him to be correct, shall delivered to sign and redeliver such Memorial to the Person producing the same. ^arty>

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Memorial, after and afterwards

the same shall have been so produced, signed and redelivered as filed in the aforesaid, shall, within the respective Periods hereinbefore limited for registering the same, be produced and left with the Register or ^'ddlcfex. Mailer of the Register Office for the County of Middlesex, established 7

£ler an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late jelly Queen Anne, to be filed in the said Publick Regiller Office, together with an Affidavit sworn before some Person empowered by Law 10 administer an Oath, that such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer or Person with whom the Security was deposited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Regiller or Mailer Certificate of shall make an Entry, and likewise, if required, shall give a Certificate 10 be

in Writing under his Hand, testified by Two credible Witnesses, of &lvc, u every such Memorial brought to him to be registered as aforesaid, and therein shall mention the certain Day on which such Memorial shall be so registered or entered, expressing also in what Book, Page or Number the same is entered: And, for the Purpose of entering or registering Memorials under the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, the Regiller or Mailer shall provide 3 separate Register Book, and fvery page of such Register Book, and every Memorial that shall be filtered therein, lha}l be numbered, and the Day of the Month and

Year

A.D. 1810.

32o

n«r to

lv'-^urity

w*M r,

* .Is.

FenaUv.

rroviso for Acts don«.

f ci: ahj reroiited.

Negfo&fo" to pi\c Notice of Sheath ot Sureties.

C. 85. 50° GEO. III.

Year when eveiy such Memorial is registered shall be entered in the Margin of the said Register Books and in the Margins of the said Memorials; and that every such Register or Mailer shall keep a separate Alphabetical Calendar of the Names of the Principals and Sureties mentioned in such Memorials, with References to the Book, Page or Number where the Memorials containing such Names are to be found 5 and such Register or Master shall duly file every such Memorial in Order of Time as the same shall be brought to the said Office, and enter and register the said Memorials in the same Order in which they shall respectively come to his Hands.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who by reason of h s Appointment to or holding of any such Office or Employment or Commission Civil or Military, in any Publick Department or of Publick Trull, or who by reason of being concerned in the Col!e&ion, Receipt, Difhnrfement or Expenditure of any Publick Money is required or bound to give any ftieh Security, or register any such Memorial as aforesaid, shall ncgledl to give such Security and to cause such Memorial thereof to be duly registered in manner aforesaid, and within the Period specitied in this Act, he shall forfeit and be deprived of the Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, in respect whereof such Security ought to have been given and Memorial registered as aforesaid, and every such Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, shall, from and after the period specitied in this Act for registering such Memorial he wholly void and of none Efte&: Provided always, that such Avoidance shall not annul or make void any Act or Order, or other Matter or Thing, done by such Person during the time he actually held such Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture shall take place by reason of any such Memorial not being registered under this Act, in which the proper Sureties shall have been given and Memorial made out, and where the Failure of Register shall have arisen from the Loss of such Memorial in the transmitting thereof from beyond the Seas; Provided that in every such Case a new Memorial specifying the Reason of such Delay, shall be made out and signed and registered within the like Period, after the Person giving such Security shall have received Notice of the Loss, regard being had to the Place where he shall then be, as is required by this Act for the Regiltry thereof if such Loss had not arisen: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty to remit any such Forfeiture, in any Case in which any Failure of registering any such Memorial shall not have arisen from any Neglect or Omission of the Person bound to register the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person as aforesaid, who shall have given any Bond or Bonds* or other Security or Securities, with Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in him, or for the duly accounting for Publick Monies coming to his Hands, shall give Notice in Writing to One of the Secretaries of His Majesty's Treasury, or to the Head of the Office or Department to which he shall belong, of the Death of any Surety or Sureties or Person or Persons bound for or with him in any such Security or Securities, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have come to his Knowledge, if he shall reside or be in Great Britain, ot within Four Months if in Ireland, or within Six Months if in any other Part of Europe, or in any Colony or Plantation in the

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III.

C. 85, 8d*

*2t

Indies or Americas or within Nine Months if in Africa* or within Twelve Months if in India or in any other Part of Asia* or within Ten Months if he shall be on the High Seas (unlefs he shall Loner arrive in England* IValeSs Scotland or Irelands and then within Two Months after such Arrival); and any Person who shall neglect Penalty, to give such Notice within such Period as aforesaid shall forfeit One fourth Parc of the Sum for which the Surety so dead shall have given Security, to the Use of His Majesty, to be recovered in any of the Courts at llfejl minder* by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit of His Miajdly's Attorney General; and every such Noglcfling t Person who shall upon the Death of any Surety neglect to give the aive frdh Security of another Surety, to be approved in such manner as such Purity. Surety dying was approved, within such Period from his having Notice of such Death, and to register a Memorial of the Security of such new Surety within such Period from his having given the Security of. such new Surety, as are herein respectively limited for giving and registering the original Security, the lame Regard being had to the Place in which such Person may then be, shall forfeit his p*naKy. Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, in like manner, and under and subject to such Provisioos as aforesaid.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament paded in the Thirty 39 G. a. c. 99.

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, § 1.

4 An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of 1 Merchants of England trading to the Eail Indies shall hire and take 4 up Ships for their regular Service; it is enacted, That from and 1 after the passing of that Act, the said United Company or their 4 Court of Dire<flors should employ in their regular Service no Ships 4 but such as Should be contracted for to serve the said Company as 4 they should have Occasion to employ them in Trade and Warfare,

4 or any other Service, for Six Voyages to and from India or China or elsewhere within the Limits of the said United Company's exdufive Trade, in manner in the said Act mentioned; which A &

4 was explained and amended by an Art of Parliament passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hi9 present Majesty: And 43 G. 3. c. 69. 4 whereas it is expedient that the Court of Directors of the said United Company should be empowered to hire and take up for 4 their regular Service, Ships already engaged or hereafter to be en- ga^d in the Service of the said United Company, in the manner 4 provided by either of the said Arts, for the further Service of the f laid United Company, and also that they should be empowered to 4 take up by private Contract, Ships engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service, to carry Convicts, or Stores to New South 4 Wales* the Cape of Good Hope or Qnlon* for the Purpose of 4 bringing Home Cargges from China orfor One Voyage only ;

Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to amend Two Acts paded in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the East India Company shall hire'and take

up Ships.

[15th June 1810.]

thority

A.D. 1810.

InwhatcaffcCourt of U ire (flora may hire Vessels after Voyage* for additional Voyages.

T^hns of Freight.

Proviso.

Hiring of Ship* employed in earning (ionviil* to New South Wale*.

39G.3.C. 109.

97 G. 2. c. 9.

C. 86, 87. jo* GEO. Ilf.

thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, by Publick Advertisement, to hire and take up for the regular Service of the said United Company for such Number of Voyages to and from India or China, 9r elsewhere within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, as the said Court of Directors shall fee fit, beyond and after the Performance of the Number of Voyages for which any such Ship or Vessel respectively have been or shall be contracted to serve the said Company, Provided that such Ship or Ships shall be fit or can be repaired and made fit to serve the said Company for such additional Voyage or Voyages: Provided always, that the Freight to be paid for any such Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyaged, to be performed after the Expiration of the Number of Voyages for which such Ship or Ships respectively shall have been contracted for to serve the said Company, shall not exceed the Rate of Freight paid for such Ships respectively under the last Contracts respectively by which they shall have been engaged in the Service of the said United Company, unless the Average Rate of Freight to be paid for the Ships of a similar Description, which shall have been taken up to serve the said Company for Six Voyage* at lead, in consequence of the Advertisement under which any Ship or Ships shall have been taken up to serve the said Company for Six Voyages at least, which shall have been published last immediately before such Contract for an additional Voyage or additional Voyages shall be entered into respectively, shall exceed such Rate, in which Case the Freight to be paid for Ships to perform any additional Voyage or Voyages may be extended to the said Average Rate of Freight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in all Cases of Ships taken up under the Authority of this Act, all the Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Aits shall be adhered to and performed in the same manner as in the said recited Acts are mentioned and directed, so far a* they shall be applicable to the Case.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors of the said United Company from time to time to hire and take up by private Contract without advertising, any Ship or Ships engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service to carry Convids or Stores to New South Wales, the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, for the Purpose of bringing home Cargoes from China or India9at such Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they shall judge to be reasonable, so as no fuen Ship shall be hired or tfeken up for more than One Voyage.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company and the Quartering and Billetting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the 1 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better

recruiting the Forces of the East India Company: And whereas an

Ad passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for pumjbing

4 Mut ing

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C.$7» 623

Mutiny and desertion of Officertand Soldier3 in Service of the

4 United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies or at the island of Saint Helena: And whereas it would tend to the 4 more speedy recruiting of the Forces of the East India Company,

4 if Men were permitted to enlist for a limited time in the Service of the said Company, without engaging to serve in His Majesty's 1 Foroes; and Provision must in such Case be made for Quartering 1 and Billetting the Men so raised: And whereas it is also expedient 4 that the Provisions of the said recited Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, as to Trials by Regimental Courts Mar-

tial, should be amended in relation to the Members and Witnesses 4 being sworn, as now required on such Trials in His Majesty's 4 Regular Forces : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con feat of the Lords Spiritual a&d Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful Enllfting Mea for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to order and cause such specified in

of His Officers as he shall fee fit, to levy, enlist and raise such 39*3; c* 109;

Number of Men, either for Life or limited Service, as His Majesty ^, y^Vorce»^a

shall from time to time think fit, not exceeding the Number of Men

specified in the said recited Act of the thirty ninth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty aforesaid, for the special Purpose of

(erving in the JEajl Indies in the Forces of the said United Company

only 5 and the Recruits to be raised for such special Purpose, instead

of taking the Oath of Fidelity appointed to be taken by the said

recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, or by any Act iii

force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, shall take the Oath

specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) 5 and

instead of the Oath of Service prescribed by any Act in force for

the punishing of Mutiny and Desertion, shall take the Oath in the

Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); which Oaths shall be

administered by all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates before

whom any such Recruits shall be carried for the Purpose of being

SUested, and the Certificate given upon such Attestation, shall be in

$he Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked fC).

II. And be it further enacted, That all Soldiers entitled into thd^fui, je<q Service of the said United Company of Merchants, shall be trained Mutiny Act »nd and difeiplined, and subject to such Command and Regulations, and to tf G. 2. c. 9. at all times and until their Embarkation be subject to all the Provisions of any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and after their Embarkation, to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year aforesaid, in like manner as is prescribed in the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Reftrittions, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and prescribed in the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, shall extend and be in full Force as to all Soldiers enlisted under and after the passing of this Act into the Service of the said United Company of Merchants, as fully and effectually, as if the same were ieverally and respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act and made Part thereof.

III. And

A.D.iSioi

Former A£U relating to quartertaring, &c.

Men may enlist lor 12 Years, &e.

tYoviso for re-en* lifting.

Local Militia Men inay ci.lift.

Llis Majesty may

diu<^l Trials l»y Courts Mania!.

C. 87. 50° GE£>. lit.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities* Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and prescribed in any Act or Act* of Parliament in force for the time being, in relation to the quartering and billetting and provisioning of, and Allowances in respect of such quartering and billetting of Soldiers and Officers in His Majesty's Service, and to the providing of Carriages for the Use of Soldiers shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend to all Soldiers enlisted for or transferred into the Service of the said United Company of Merchants, as fully and effectually as ft the same were severally and separately repeated and re*ena<Sted in this Act, and made Part thereof; any thing in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to allow Men to enlist in the.

Service of the said United Company for Twelve Years; ' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person enlisting for limited Service in the Service of the said United Company, to eniift for Twelve Years, if at the Time of such enlisting he shall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, and if he shall be under Eighteen Years of Age, then for such further Period beyond Twelve Years as shall be equal to the Difference between Eighteen Years and the Age of the Person so enlisting.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be iawful for all Persons who shall have been enlisted for limited Service in the Forces of the said United Company, after the Expiration of the first Period for which they shall have been severally enlisted, to re-enlist for such further Period as shall be allowed and appointed by any Order of the Governor General in Council in Bengal.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to ierve or serving in the Local Militia, to enlist or enter into the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, in like Manner and at such Times as any such Person might or may enlist or enter into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Regimental and Garrison and other Courts Martial which shall be held for the Trial of any Offences committed by the Troops in the Service of the said United Company, shall have full Power, and are hereby authorized and required to take and administer such Oaths, and to proceed in such manner in the Trial of Offences, as His Majesty shall from time to time think lit to order and direct.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

T sf. B. being enlisted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as thi A Case may be\ of the East India Company, do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown and Dig-nity, against all his Enemies 5 and I swear, that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Geucrala and Officers who shall be lawfully let over me.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1810«

50° GEO. IH.

C. 87, 88.

225

SCHEDULE (R.)

T A\ B. do make Oath, That I am [or, have been, a/ the Case may be'] [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if none] and to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief was born in, [fate County, Par'tfh or Place, and that I am of the Age of Years ;

that I do not belong to tl.e Militia or to any Regiment in His Ma* jesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will fenre the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies until I shall be duly and legally discharged, [or, if the Recruit enfifs for limited Service, then leave out the IVords scored under, and infer/] for the Period of T welve Years, [if the Perf on enlisting is of the Agf of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Differenee between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Tears, as the Case may be, and such Period to be inserted infead of Twelve Tears] provided the said United Company Should for so long require my Service. :

SCHEDULE (C.)

I One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

of [or. Chief Magi (Irate of ] do

hereby certify That appeared to be

Years old. Feet Inches high,

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me

at on the Day of

and stated himself to be of the Age of Years,

and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled, by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice % and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be filed up by

the Magistrale, either until discharged, or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of enltfling*]; and I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section ana First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on )>eing attested; and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of this Certificate

signed with my Name.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to make Provisions for a limited Time respecting conain Grants of Offices. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS on account of certain Proceedings depending in Parliament, it is expedient to establish the Provisions herein*

after mentioned respecting certain Grants of Offices for a limited 1 Time ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Ma-jeftr. by and with the Advice ami Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 50 Geo. HI. Q and

i>y

216

C: are.

A.D. 1810.

Until Feb. 1, 1813, no Ful>-)ick Office shall be granted in Reversion, Sec.

Grants void.

How far Grants

of Offices in Courts of Law exempted.

ProTifo for Appointment of Af-fishnts atvi Sucre (Tors to Clergy of Scotland.

50° GEO. HI;

and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the patting of this Act until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Publick Office, Place or Employment, shall be granted in Reversion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Board or Department of Government; and that during the time aforesaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Common Law or Equity, ffialLbefo granted, save as hereinafter is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes void; and that all Salary and Emoluments received under any such Grant or Appointment shall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty* Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heir6 and Successors: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in auy of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any such Court being such Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of patting this Act 5 or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any such Courts which shall hereafter be made by any other Person or Persons having at the time of patting this Act the Right of granting any such Office, Place or Employment, if such Office, Place or Employment, was vacant at the time of patting this Act, or which shall He made by any other Officer or Officers of the said Courts not being such at the time of passing this Act, but becoming such by virtue of Appointments hereafter made by the Persons respectively who at the time of passing this Act are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of such Courts: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to save or render valid and effectual, any Grants hereafter to be made by any such Chief Judges, Officer*, or other Persons as aforesaid, of Offices in Reversion, or for Joint Lives with Beuefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, which Offices had not before been granted in Reversion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succession; nor to make good any Grants which such Judges, Officers or Officer, or other Persons respectively would not have been entitled by Law to make, if this Act had« not passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Grants of any Offices, Places or Employments, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law which shall be granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Reversion or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, upon the Request or Recommendation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majesty's said Courts, being such at the time of patting this Act, and which Offices, Places or Employments, have been heretofore so granted upon such Request or Recommendation: Provided also, that this Act shall not be taken to prohibit the Appointment of Assistants and Successors to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

A.D. 1810. S°° GEO. III. C. 89. S27

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [15th June j8io.]

TT.WHEREAS it is necessary that ProviGon should be made for W defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten: Be it therefore enacted by the King*? Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every Tour Months County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is Pay in advance, or shall be raised, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Tren-fury in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland the whole Snins required, in the manner and for the several Uses hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) for the Pay of the said Ratssof Pay. Militia at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant,

Pay matter and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Pay matter or Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Serjeant, resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence per Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer, so resident as afore said, with the Addition of Six pence per Day for each .Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and also at the Rate Allowances fur of Four pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for Contingencies, defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Milkia; One Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hofoual Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Meo being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for fitch County, after Clothing, the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings fr.r each Serjeant; and Two Pounds for each DVtunraer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major; and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Corporal, when such Serjeants, Drummers,

Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militi*

Man, when Rich Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal or Rates of Pfcy Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, when on Fur-Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates lough, of Pay following: (that is to say) every Serjeant the SunYof One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more 5 and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Q 2 Governors

A.D. 1810.

TVoviso for Certificate of T)if-charge of Serjeant, Ac.

Colonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exercise, Ac.

Rates of Fay.

Pay; &c. tfiued by Tretftiry of Ireland.

While Militia embodied, Pky and Allowance o cease.

Vo Fee on Warrant.

Perfops on Half IVr, 8tc lrning in Militia, to take Oath.

C.89. 50° GEO. III.

Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Colonel, or in his Absence from the Kingdom, the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall certify in Writing, to the Paymaster of the same, that he hath discharged any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in such Case no Pay shall be issued for such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have, fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His MajestyV Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to he absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Quarter Master, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Afliiiant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Tweuty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of.annual Exercise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the said militia as aforesaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Surgeons of the said Militia shall be issued and paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, unaer the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia is or shall be embodied, or called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty's other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforesaid, shall, during such time of actual Service, and until such Regiment or Battalion shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having served in any or either of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse

reduced.

A.D.i8ro.

50° GEO. III. C. 89. 229

reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Enfigns5.and the receiving and taking such Subsistence Money by any such Captain,

Lieutenant or Ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, so a* in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance 5 and such Person shall take the following Oath before forae Jullice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

J A. /?. do swear, that I had not between the Oath.

' and the any Place or Employment of

4 Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance

of Half Pay as reduced in

Regiment of or Allowance as

4 in late Troop of Horse Guards or

4 Regiment of Horse reduced, save and except my Subsistence as an

Officer, for serving in the Militia in the County of

So help me GOD.*

And taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners TWury to iflu» of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, as soon as they shall receive a MoneyforClodn Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of in8»

the respective Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Clothing, which Certificate shall specily the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the same shall have been supplied, and an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furnished the said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person entitled to receive the same. Provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed 5 and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Cost of any How Expfnc* of House or Place in which the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or Place for de-other Stores belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia pofuing Anns

in Ireland shall be kept when not embodied, shall be defrayed by ^ture* the County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised lra*Cc ' by Preferment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Preferment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pafa, on a Certificate flgned by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief* Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and speeifying the Cost incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for such County,

*t any time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to

Q 3 the

PruYifo.

Proviso.

In what case Adjutants and burgeons entitled to Allowance.

t«r-

ri'.c to Snt.al-ttrrn OlHccr at r (Uu-ailxwly-

ing Militia-

49 G. 3. c. 85.

the First Day of the preferring Term: Provided, that in no Case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irish Currency shall be required for building such House: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such House, in the same manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Grounds for building County Gaols.

X. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants and Surgeons in the Militia may by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant or Surgeon of the said Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Tweniy Years in the Whole, Ten of which he shall have served as an Adjutant or Surgeon of Militia, shall have been by Age or Infirmity, rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury iv\.Ireland a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which lie belongs, be entitled to receive, and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings p<r Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Years in the Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

XI. And whereas it is expedient to make fume Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers, and to Quarter Mastersnd AfMant Surgeons of the Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the disembodying of the Militi»Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to such Subaltern Officers, Quarter Masters and Assistant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Rellriftions, and in the manner hereinafter expressed; (that is to say) to every Subaltern of the said Militia, who shall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Marital on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the 1 ime such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Pea r, been appointed to a Commission in the said Militia, or who previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of this Act, shall be appointed to a Commissiofi, and who shall have continued faithfully to serve in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum shall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace,

7 and

A-

A.D. 1810.

50° G&O. III. C. 89.$t

and over and above any Deduction of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; and to every Quarter Matter and Attiftant Surgeon respectively, a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum y in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

XU. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no P?r- Exception*, foo who is or shall at any time hereafter become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or shall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymaster ha any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Person denying in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern, Quarter Matter or Attiftant Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatsoever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Array or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission in the said Militia, shall have or be ih any wife entitled to the said annual Allowance or any Part or Shfcfe thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in arty wife notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer, Subalterns Quarter Matter and Attiftant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, who claiming AUo shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any such An-"*»* null Allowance, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order tb

entitle himself thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before fomc one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to which thfe Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall belong, in the Word* or to the Effect following, (videlicet)

I A. B. do swear, That 1 am serving as a Subaltern Officer, Oath.

1 (Quarter Matter, or Attiftant Surgeon, as the Case may be) in

4 the Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of

4 Ireland; and that I am not in my own Right, or in Right of iny 4 Wife, nor have been since disembodying of the said Regiment or 4 Battalion, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the 4 Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such 4 an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a 4 Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large in.Ireland;

4 and that I am not, nor have, been since the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, an Adjutant or Paymaster in any Regiment 4 or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; that I do not hold or enjoy,

4 nor have held or enjoyed, nor does nor has any Person for me hold 1 or enjoy, or held or enjoyed since the disembodying the said Regi- .

4 ment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying 4 of the said Regiment or Battalion. 4 So help me GOD.'

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice Justices to tr&nf-forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to miiO*tbsto certify and transmit the same to the Collector of Excise of the Collectors of District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Exufe*

Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Matter or Afiiftant Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Porpofc* hereinafter mentioned.

Q 4 XIV. And

231

C. 89.

£o* GEO. lit.

A.D.iSto.

Subalterns to itteml annual Exercise.

Penalty.

Certificates of Attendant etranf-Attti1 to (ol-le£tor of Excise.

Reasons for Leave of Able net* to 1. i lift rtu! in Certificate.

Subaltern? entitled to Allowance though Militia not called out.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militja who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required For that Purpose, and shall, during that time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion, on pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Reil of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town is situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon is then serving shall belong, to be by the said Collector received previous to any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or suffered for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence; and for such Subaltern Officer, Qu?rter Master or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive che said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the annual Exercise) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, and to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any time shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Defcripiions of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days byLaw required for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, ligned by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, had been transmitted to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Di-

reftions

233

A.D. 1810. jo0 GEO. m. C. 89.

regions of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And T>e it further enacted. That upon such Certificate as Allowance paid aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as ^it, lout JLKxiu«-aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion ffiali not have been uons*

called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon Certificate of aoy such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Collectors, it shall and may be lawful for such Collectors, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, Quarter Masters and Amftant Surgeons, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands; all which Monies so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts 5 the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Subalterns no^ Quarter Mailers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, entitled attending, &c. or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all

times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied or called out upon actual Service 5 and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon shall a Second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said annual Allow- Penalty, ance, and every Part thereof, in all time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allows <* paid Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by Collector, t by the Collectors, upon the Production of the before mentioned several Certificates as soon after the times of the annual Exercise and Training as may be convenient or practicable: Provided always, that

nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Act, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall extend or hut not while be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid ^Ilia Cinl><>* to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time 1 the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on aCtual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Number of Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall extend, and be con- Allowance! ftrued to extend, to the Quarter Matter and Assistant Surgeon of limited, each and every Regiment or Battalion respectively, and also to the respective Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion hereinafter respectively specified and no more, that is to say, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of only NineNCompanies: not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of poly Eight Companies; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in

any

234

A.D. 1810.

Senior Lieutenant o oave the

Preference.

Penalties, &c. how rccoverct'.

Altered, 8cc.

Continuance.

Secretary at War to issue the Sum necessary forhe Pay of the R< cu-lar and Local Militia, an Ordinj; to s herein mentioned.

*C. 89, 90. 50° GEO. III.

any Regirnetft or Battalion conMiftg of only Seven Companies; and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of only Six Companies.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment dr Battalion of the said Militia, at the time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Subaltern Officers, coming within the Description of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Officers of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the before mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Officers shall succeed to such Allowances in rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Officers from time to time.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money to or for which any Person or Persons is or are or may be made answerable or liable, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be paid in Irish Currency, and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Recqrd at Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law; Privilege or Protection, nor mere than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Sfffion of Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty tifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. XC.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of

the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year

One thousand eight hundred and ten. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is neccfiary that Provision should he made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the Manner and for the several UTes hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where a Quarter Mailer is appointed 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a I)ay for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings

and

A.D. 1810.

jo5 GEO. III.

C, 90.

235

and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed, and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drurfi Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Four pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Six pence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Corporals and Drummers who may be retained on constant Pay and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in T\v6 Years: Provided always, that when any Setjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those zbove mentioned; (that is to say) every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for >Vhich such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular* Militia when disembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One Hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence cf necessary Medicines for the Sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and Six pence per Month for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Matter or Battalion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores under the Super-intcndance of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall, out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenees of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing iigned by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as (hah be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three time3 in the Year make up Accounts of all

such

Rates of Pay to Seijearm/Corporals and Drummers on Furlough.

Allowance u» Surgeons.

Quarter Mailer or Battalion Clerk to have the Charge of Anns, &c. to account.

A.D.idio.

Balance to fonn a Stork Purse for the Use of the Regiment, &c.

Tay to Militia (when ii embodied J regulated.

Money for Pay and (Mod ighow iffaed.

49 G. 3. C. 07»

so G, o. c. 7.

42 G 8. c. 90.

Allotrance t# Innkeepers.

C. 90. 50° GEO. III.

such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and ngned; and the said Accounts, so allowed and ligned, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Matter or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Regu-gular Militia or Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at and Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed foj, Exercise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Dircdion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt, from time to time, in that Behalf.

4 VI. And whereas in purfance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intitled, An Act for increasing the Rates of SubJijlienceto be said to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, certain increased Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and*others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers 4 may, by virtue of an Act passed also in the present Session of Parliament for puniffiing Mutiny and Ddertion; and for the better 4 Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that 4 Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called 4 England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon 4 Tweed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending 4 the Laws relating to the Militia in England; and for augmenting the 4 Militia; the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and 4 Private Men of the said Militia, when called out to annual Exercise, are required to be quartered and billeted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling 4 Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Retail; 9 Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia (half be so quartered and billeted, shall be entitled to and receive the same Rates of Allowance for each. Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drumer and Private Man so quartered and billeted upon them, during the Time of their remaining attembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the same Rules and Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned Act for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers

and

A.D. 1810*

50° GEO. III.

C» 90.

237

and private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the respective Cases of their furnishing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said A ft for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to supply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and others; Provided always, that each of the Non-commissioned Officers,

Drummers and Private Men who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or shall be contributed in the like Case by the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Per- P&rfons on Half son being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any

Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Foroes, or Navy receive*?*?-or Marines, and serving in the Local Militia, shall and may, and he*is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Surgeons; and the receiving ana taking any such Subsistence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Quarter Mailer, Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

t A. B. do swear, That I had not between the 4 I and the any Place or Employ-

ment of Prorit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced in His Majesty's Navy, [or in the Marines], [or, in late Regiment of ], [or Allowance as in

late Troop of Horse Guards], [or,

Regiment of Horse reduced], save and except my Subsistence [as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, or Quarter Mailer, Surgeon, as the Case may 3e], for serving in the Local Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath 5 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with-Handing.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non- ReceivingCkel-commissioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Miliiia or Local sea Pentium Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall w

forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

IX. And whereas Perfotis appointed to act as Adjutants in the Allowance to Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of Adjutant* unfit doing the Duty thereof; and it i# expedient that some Provision to locve.

should be made for them in consideration of their former Services 5

Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole,

Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular Militia,

23*

A.D. 1810.

Allowance not to affect Half say.

Allowance toPersona serving as Adjutants in rr-duced Regiments, &r.

Allowance to Sutgeons after 30Yean Service.

Receivers General oi Laud 'i ax

C. 90. 50* GEO. IH.«

litia, shall by Age or Infirmity be temkfred unfit for further Service* he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotia nd> if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officer# of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, aa Allowance at the Race of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a lets Term than Fifteen Years aa ao Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office.or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia: Provided also that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That in ease any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Eilablishment, or shall cease and determine, or be redtaced in its Eilablishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to, such Person as has actually served aa Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: Provided always that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XI. And whereas Perfoas appointed to ad aa Surgeons in the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision fhoukl be made for them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full T^rm of Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, oa producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Advance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under His Majesty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding

A.D. 1810. 5q GEO. III. C. 90.

or Place in Engltyfa where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is to pay Money re-or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land f<* Allow-Tax for such County, Riding or Place respectively, and in every General andSub-County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular d, Yifion Meot^ Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General mgs* for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the re-ipedive Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in England, at the Rates fallowing; that is to say, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks, for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names qt any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and iu numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot after the Rate of One Pound Fifteeu Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve; and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities or Places, shall appear reasonable and proper; and in, case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid, shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confuting. of notiefs than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Receivers General in England who (hallproduce shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at tl, e Order for the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifiow Meetings, their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, aifembledin the federal Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpose or Purpo(e9 the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed; shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act in Scotland> shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which School-matters* Coultables, and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to raise and 42 G. 3. c. fl.

establish

4 O

Stamp Duty on Coramiffioiu in Loral Militia repaid.

Bills, &c. drawn for I'ay not on damped Paper.

Feet*

How Penalties fned.

39 &40G.3. v. 44.

rewed and continued tUL

0.90, 91. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

ejlallish a Militia Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and he is hereby required, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia under this Act, may or shall be drawn upon unflamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void, by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in purfance of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Cods and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of His Majedv's Courts of Record at Urt?/?-minster, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according 'as the Case may require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no EfToign, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed<

CAP. XCI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- jedy, intituled, An Act for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances 4 to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia^ disembodied 4 under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for ftwbling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number cf 4 Volunteers from the Militia under certain Reflrifiions> which has 4 been revived and continued by fevetal subsequent Acts until the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the same*relates to Adjutants and Serjeant MajorsBe it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited Act and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of

March

A.D.x8io»

241

jo° GEO. III. C. 91, 92.

March One thoufatfd eight hundred and ten, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and'Scijeant Majors; and that all fuel* and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every Respect as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fifth Day ot March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance u*der this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commission, or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may he entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the lime he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Mujclty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[15th June 1810.]

TT J HEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces in

Great Britain, while disembodied, under certain Regulations May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they are now by Law entitled, during the time of annual Exercise, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner hereinafter expressed, to every Subaltern Officer now bearing a Commission and serving in the Militia of Great Britain, who shall continue faithfully to serve in the same Corps, or who previously to the Expiration of Three Months from the passing of this Act shall be duly appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied Militia, and in the same Corps until the disem-bodying thereof; (that is to say) to a Lieutenant or a Surgeon Twenty five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six pence, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Five pence per Diem for Three hundred and sixty six Days; and to an Ensign Twenty one Pounds Seven Shillings, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for Three hundred and sixty lie Days: Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who 50 Geo. IIL R is

Marches, 18M,

so tar as Aujutanu, &.c.

Reduced Adjutants entitled to Pay and AUowt sure wider A £k.

Annual Allowances betides Pay to Lieutenants, Surgeons and Euugus.

$&ceptiont.

A.D. 18190.

' w and

Surgut is to take the following

Oath*

Justices to trans-111 it Oath to Re-ttiu-r Geucial.

ShtltfJlcnw and Sur^rons to attend annual Jtxerait.

C. 92. 50° GEO. m.

is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full of Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's or Surgeon's Commission, and have served as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and lubferibe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet)

4 y A'B* do swear. That I belonged to the

*of Militia when the same was disembodied, and that

4 I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the

Day of incluiive, as a [Captain Lieutenant,

4 Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon, as the Caje may be-\ and that I was 4 not, in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual PolTession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the 4 Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such 4 an annual Value above Reprises, as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commissiou of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have 4 not, during the above Period, held the Appointment of Adjutant 4 or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; 4 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did or has any Person for me 4 hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, during the said Period, any Office 4 or Income whatsoever from the Publick, except my Pay a3

4 for the Period of the Corps having assembled

4 to be trained and exercised; and that I was not entitled during the said Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or 4 Marines.

4 So help me GOD.'

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certiticd and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia in "which such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, to be by him tiled and preserved for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent

Company

A.D. 1810 %

*43

50° GEO. III. C. 92.

Company to which he belortes, during the Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, on pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which he may belong, shall be traufmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who may be so permitted to l^e absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercise) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned^, to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon shall be serving, shall belong, and fdfo to teb Receiver General of the same County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland,

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Coips or Independent Company of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days hereinafter fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said annual Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any fuih Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken and lub-feribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, had been transmitted to the Lieu* tenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the same County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if

R 2 m

Penalty.

Certificate* of Attendance transmitted to 1 .it utenant and Receiver General of County.

Her fun* Tor Ix»ve of Absence to be inserted in Certificate.

Sul>altem* and Surgeon* entitled to Allowance, though Militia not called out.

Allowances paid w t'«nit Deductions.

SetaWns awl Surgeons not atiewtiiijg.

Peiahy.

AlltrtvanccH paid tv Hoeciv t Cictural on lVo-dulUon ofCcr-tificates; btr Mot while

Milk i« cin-Dodiod.

Numbers AMowruces JiioUed,

C. 92. 50° GEO. III. A.D.ifiid.

in Scotland, according to the Directions of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding\

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General, it shall and may be lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons, according to the respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon, in addition to their Pay, for the Time of training and Exercise, One Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the other Moiety of the same on the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any publick Monies in their Hands, and to chaise the same in their respective annual Accounts of Monsy disbursed for the Use of the Publick; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them, in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Sufgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, {ball at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps or Independent Companies to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall at any time wilfully neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, and at such other Times, or for such other Occasions, as may be required of him in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon shall, upon such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which such Subaltern or Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also beconsidered as having red-gned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposeswhatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England\ and the Receiver General for Scotland respectively, upon the Productiou of the before mentioned several Certificates, on or as soon after the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, as may be convenient and practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out ou actual Service; Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to more than Ten Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Ten Companies;

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C a45

panics; to more than Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Eight and lrfs than Eleven Companies; to more than Eight Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Six and lrfs than Nine Companies; or to more than Five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a less Number of Companies, except where the Companies consist of Ninety Private Men each or upwards, in which Case this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, may be extended to Eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Ten Companies; to Sixteen Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Eigbt and less than Eleven Companies; to Fourteen Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than Six and less than Nine Companies; and to Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, consisting of Six or of a less Number of Companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Senior Lleu-Battalion or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of disembodying tenants to hare thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants 1, 16 l>r*ferw'ce-coming within the Descriptions of this Act, than can be entitled to

claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be* ailone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances 5 and that the junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation, a3 Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from time to time.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Continuance of force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun-

dred and eleven, and no longer.

An Act for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holyhead in the Isle of Anglesea. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Port and Harbour of Holyhead, in the I (land 4 of Anglesea, is a Station for His Majesty's Packets to and 4 from Ireland, from and to Great Britain; and the improving and

completing the said Port and Harbour will be highly beneficial in 4 promoting the Intercourse between His Majesty's Subjects in Great 1 Britain and Ireland; And whereas it is expedient, that Comiqissioners should be appointed to carry into Effect all such Plans as

may be found necessary for the completing and improving the said Harbour: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a Hem bled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Members for the County c {*, of Anglesea, and Town of Beaumaris, and the resident Minister the ti?po^Jed. Parish of Holyhead, all for the time being; and also the Right Honourable Henry William Paget commonly called Lord Paget, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, Sir Robert Williams Baronet, Sir John Bui he ley Knight, Owen Williams of Llaneden, Owen Put land Meyrick of Bodorgan, Paul Panton of Pldfgwyn, Sir William Hu«h*s nf Pint1

CAP. XCIII.

cock, Jones of Llynon, Holland

Grifsith, Edward Stanley of Penrhos, John Jones of-Penrhos, William Peacock Esquires, and Hugh Wynne Jones of 7re-

forworth Clerk, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Comraissioners

R 3 for

246

A.D.j8io.

C.'93. 50° GEO. III.

for executing this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cany into Execution thin Act, and to do all such Matters and Things under the Regulations of this Act for the completing and improving of the said Harbour, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall think requisite and necessary, and the said Commissioners shall from time to time meet in the Parish of Holyhead for the Purposes of this Act, and at all such Meetings, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Chairman shall have a calling Vote.

Vacancies to le II. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or filled up. Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any One or more of the said

Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all such Powers as are by this Act given to any Commissioner appointed by this Act in whose Room such Person or Persons shall be nominated and appointed.

Plans formaUng III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for carry-Rortds, and for ing into Execution this Act or any Three of them shall, from time to completing Har- time, an(j they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to propefe, assign and lay out Plans for the making, repairing, altering, clearing away, pulling down or rebuilding any Roads, Houses, Offices or Places, Banks, Holes or Shallows, which such Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be made, repaired, altered, pulled down or rebuilt for the Purposes of this Act, and also Plans for the completing and improving of the said Harbour and Port, and for the making and keeping in Repair of such Roads, Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works and other Erections and Buildings, as they shall think proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also propose, assign and lay out Plans of the manner in which Houses and Buildings shall be erected and built on any Ground, which is, or shall, or may become veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors for the Purposes of this Act, and also in what manner any vacant Ground, on which the said Commissioners shall not think proper that any Houses or Buildings should be erected or built, shall be employed and laid out.

To He fuWuted IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Plans to be from to the irealury. time to time pr0p0fed by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall by the said Commissioners be laid before and fubmit-ted to the' Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to examine and consider of such Plans, and to deiermine upon and improve the same, or to make any Alterations therein respectively, and to direct either that such Plans and Regulations respectively shall be carried into Execution, or shall be suspended or laid aftde, or shall be varied or altered in Part, or in the Whole, as such Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall think fitting and expedient; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall give Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Lord High

Treasurer,

i<f GEO, III,

C.93.47

Tpo/urer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of such their Approbation or other Determination respectively, to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall proceed to carry into Effect all such Plans as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and such Plans shall be carried into Effect, and such Roads,

Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works, and other Erections and Buildings,

shall be proceeded upon by the said Commissioners for executing this Act or any Three 0? them accordingly.

V. And be it further enade^, That after such Plans shall have Harlxwr to be been proposed and approved as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the deepened. Piers, Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or such Person or v

Persona as they shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands erc^e^* and Seals nominate and appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen and Servants 5 and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to deepen, cleanse and scour the said Port and Harbour of Holyhead, and to contract and lessen the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and to build such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, and to make and effect such other Works as shall be necessary for improving, completing and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and for that Purpose tq dig, take up, remove and carry away any Rocks, Stones, Soil, Sand, Gravel, Rubbifa or other gross Matter, which shall obltrud, prejudice or hinder the Navigation of the said Port and Harbour, or the Improvement thereof, and to ca(l, lay and lodge the same behind such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, as shall be requisite for effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it the Ground or Soil of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corpoiate whomsoever, and also to dig, cut, remove and take away all Beds of Gravel, Saod, Stones, or any other Obstructions or Impediments whatsoever, which may any way obstruct the said Port and Harbour, or the Improvement or Use thereof; and also to build, ered, set up and make in the said Port and Harbour, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the same, such Quays, Wharfs, Jetties,

Works, Erections and Buildings, as and where the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for the carrying on, completing, improving, maintaining and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and rendering the same safe and commodious for His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels repairing thither; and also to make, amend, widen, turn, alter or enlarge any Road?, Ways, Pastages, or other Conveniences, asthe said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for the carrying and conveying of all Sorts of Materials to and from the said Port and Harbour, and also to carry and convey the same in, over, and upon any Lands or Grounds in order to the making, carrying on, perfeding and improving and (iniflung of the said Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Erections and Buildings, and for altering, repairing and maintaining the same; and also to lay, work and manufacture the said Materials upon the Ground, near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or ar f them, shall

be, or are intended to be made, erected or done; an o to get, dig. Materials may. take and carry away Soil, Sand, Rock, Clays, Gravel and other be taken, nakia Materials proper, requisite and convenient for making, carrying on, Snkfadioi. foe altering and continuing the said Works and Undertakings in or from "V*

any

Commissioners with Confeni of Treasury m*y purciiafe Lands.

Gonira<fU for talc-i ig down Housea a id (lifpofing of MaiefisU.

SurpVm I^and

rpay be sold or let.

any Ground of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Port or Harbour (not then being Ground whereon any House (lands, nor haring been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then next immediately preceding an Orchard, Pleasure Ground or planted Walk or Avenue to a House); and also to make, complete and maintain all and every or any such Ways and Roads whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act; and also tp do and perform all other Works, Matters and Things, which shall be necessary or proper for the improving and completing of the said Port and Harbour, and rendering the same safe and commodious; and for executing the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners, and the other Persons hereby empowered to perform the said Works and Things, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premises, and giving or tendering such Satisfaction to ihe Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interfiled in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, for any Damage that may happen or be occasioned to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose order, adjudge, direct or appoint, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and in case of any Difference or Dispute concerning such Damages, or the Quantum thereof, the same shall be settled and determined in the manner by this Act provided with respect to the Value of Land or Premises taken or used for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three of them as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, to purchase all such Land, Ground, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises whatever as the said Commissioners for executing of this Act may, by and with the Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premiies whatever which shall be purchased under or by virtue of this Act, shall, when so purchased, be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and (hill be taken possession of, and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of them from time to time to direct or contract for the taking down any Houses or Buildings which shall be purchased under this Act, and for the felling and difpoiing of the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings; and also to contract for the granting, leasing, felling or disposing of, and to grant, lease, sell and dispose of any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased under this Act, and which shall not be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Materials, and all Money arising from the Sale thereof, and all Money arising from the Produce of the Rent, or from the Sale of any such Lands, Tenements and'Hefeditamenta, shall be and are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners for executing this

A.D. 1810.

*49

50* GEO. Ill, C.93.

Ad, and all such Money (after paying and deduding the necessary Ex peaces of pulling down such Houses and Buildings, add of the Sale of the Materials thereof, or of the Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments) shall and may be disposed of and applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners in and towards the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners (or any Three of them as aforesaid) shall think fitting and expedient; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, from time to time, render and give an Account to the Lord High Treasurerof Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurerof the Amount of all Money received by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, in manner aforesaid; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine every such Account; and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and to tranGnit and return the same so approved to , the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and sufficient Discharge of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such* Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fdfcd or pofieffed of or interested in any Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Prcmises, which shall be deemed necessary to be purchased by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not agree in the Sum of Money offered to be given for thj same, or shall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by Writing under their Hands, to require the Sheriff of the County of Angle/eaf who shall thereupon and is hereby authorized and required to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of fubiiantial and diiinterested Persons, qualified to serve as Juries f, not less than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, appointed in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster % are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the letter Regulation of Juries directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any such Three of themy at any such Time and Place as in such Summons

CemmifScnrn to account to Trot-fury.

In what case i'urcbafe Money fculed by Jut).

Number, f Sic.

0 G. a. c. 23.

A.D. 1810.

aj*

Proceedings of Commissionm and Jury in ascertaining the Value ol Pre-miles.

VerJi&s bioding*

On T*ayment of Puic hase Money, Couveyanccaadt

In what case Money paid into the Bank, fuhje<fl 10 Oixltf of Court.

C.93.'50 GEO. III. »

mons shall be appointed, and all Parties concerned shall and may hare their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises, and the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, if they think lit, shall and may like wife authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premises in Question, in such manner as they shall direct, and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby empowered and required to adnainifter) shall enquire of the Value of fuen Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Persons and Person seised or pofiefted thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, And shall afiefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Ground, Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein; and also for Good-will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leafeholder or Tenant at Will; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, which Verdi & or Verdicts and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Persons and Person claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interect, in, to or out of fuen Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and lfiur unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Crjluique Trulls, their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said V?rdi&s, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the County of Anglesea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of any Sum or Sums so afiefled to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or on Tender thereof made at his, her or their Dwelling House, or if he, (he or they shall have no Dwelling House, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of some Lands or Tenements of such Party or Parties near the said intended Works, he, (he or they shall execute a Conveyance of the Premises which shall be so purchased to the said Commifikmers, or any Three of them, for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prcipiles to the Satisfaction of

the

the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order the said Sum and Sums afTefled and awarded for any Purchase Money, or in Recompence for any Damage a9 aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, [describing them']; sub-jeA to the Order, Coutroul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which fetid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That immediately after paying such Purchase Money as aforesaid into the Bank, the said Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respeA whereof the same shall have been so paid, shall vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the a dual PofTefiion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, purchased by virtue of this A A, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this A A, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the DireAion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such

other

Premises red in His Mujrily.

How Purchase Money belong ing to (4)rjx'rations, &c. tube applied, if amounting to 3001.

A.D. 181d

IS 2

How applied r Jess than 'JOOl and exceeding

Truflrei,

How appEcd i left than UO!.

X

C. 93. 50° GEO. III.

other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afFecting the same Ground, Buildings, Houles or Premises, or affecting other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, (landing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be £b applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveiled under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Usea, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exiiling, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Cotirt of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveiled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pound per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be ppid for any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Conrc of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, ia order to be applied in manner hereiubefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Truilces to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Cemmissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would iat

A.D. 1810.

3

$o° GEO. m,

C.93.

the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, so purchased, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act or any Three or more of them shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy orLunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the IJfe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall In what case Per-arife touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into tons in PoflVffioi* the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- deemed Owners. co u a tan t General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this

Act, for the Purchase of any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Pre-xnifes, or of any E(late, Right or Interest in any Ground, Buildings,

Houses or Premises, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Ground, Buildings,

Houses or Premises, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereflof the said Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Ground, Buildings,

Houses or Premises, or to forae Estate or Interest thereio.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Court of C!uu-reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or cm to order Corporation entitled to any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premi- HxpenrwofPur-fes, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase

Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, tU)n to^

and to be applied in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses by Comir.il*

or Premises, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, fioners.

it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Pur-

chafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so

much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together

with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be

paid by the said Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this

Act out of such Purchase Money, and such Commissioners shall from

time to time pay such Sums of Money thereout for such Purposes as

the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the CommiflGoner. Execution of this Act shall, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of to make Annual March in every Year (oroftener if it shall seem fitting and expedi- ReP°rt toTW-ent to the said Commissioners, or to the said Lord High Treasurer, 'yu1'

or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer) make a Report in Writing to the said Lord High Treasurer of the Proyrefs made in repairing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding of any Houses, Offices or Places, or in the laying out of any vacant Ground, or in the framing and executing of any Rules or Regulations under or by virtue of this Act, together with such Ob-

fervations

A.D. 1810.

254 C. 93> 94* 95- 5°° GEO- nr*

fervations and Sugrgeftions for the better efTefting the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall from time to time think requisite and necessary.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. / [15th June 1810.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. [15th June 1810.*]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in 4 G. 1. (I.) c. 7* < YV the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, for the Purpose, among other Tilings, of vetting

in His Majesty, the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

wherever Light Houses were or should be built, Powers were given

to certain Commissioners to be appointed under the said Act with

respect to the building or repairing of Light Houses in Ireland: 7 C.3-(I.) c. 6.*And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in

the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue,

amend and make more effectual the said recited Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, the Commissioners for Barracks in Ireland were empowered to carry into Execution the Powers of the said first recited Act, with respect to Light Houses: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present

afi O. 3. (I.) 4 Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Commissioners of

c. 18.*His Majesty's Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant,

to ercQ Light Houses around the Coatis of this Kingdom; and to levy 4 a Tonnage Duty on all Shipping, certain Provisions were made for

4f> G.a. c. io6. 4 the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act 4 made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti-

tilied, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts> 4 Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of

Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise 4 and Taxes in Ireland, certain rowers were veiled in the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to enable them to purchase Lands and Tenements for building Light Houses: And whereas certain Funds have been established in Ireland, towards the 4 eresting, repairing and maintaining of the Light Houses round the 4 Coasts thereof; and it is expedient, that the Management of the said Funds, and all Powers and Authorities relating to such Light 4 Houses, should be veiled in the Corporation for preserving and 4 improving the Port of Dublin, and that the Charge of eresting, repairing and maintaining such Light Houses, should be further 4 borne and defrayed by the Payment of a Duty on all Entries 4 Inwards and Outwards, and Coastward in the several Porta of 4 Ireland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ert-acted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

poni,

C. 95. ass

Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this A<&, Powers of recited all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by the said herein- of

before recited Act, or any of them, or by any A A or A&b for l°

amending or continuing the same, or any of them, or in and by any p, ties veiled la other Att or Acts in force in Ireland, veiled in or exercised by the Corporate for said Commissioners of Barracks, or by the Commissioners of Revenue, improving Port or by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, with respect of Dublin, to tb* erecting, building, rebuilding, repairing or maintaining of any Light House or Light Houses on or round the CoaA of Ireland, and the Receipt and Management of all Light Houses, Dues, and other Duties and Funds now payable or appropriated in Ireland, for or in respect of the Erection, Repair or Maintenance of Light Houses,

shall be and the same are hereby veiled in and given to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and shall be had, used and exercised by the said Corporation, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Powers and Authorities were herein specially repeated and re-enacted, subject to the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for pre- empowered to serving and improving the Port of Dublin, from time to time, to repair Light repair and maintain all and any Light Houses and Light House, and House*; and all and eveiy of the Beaeons, Marks ami Signs for the Sea, (landing Vjeutcnar^. and being in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coall of an^jrifhTrea" Ireland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Coipo- fnTjt to erect ration, by and with the Cotifent and Approbation of the Lord Lieu- new Light tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time Houses. being, and by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and the said Corporation are hereby empowered with such Consent and Approbation, from time to time to build, erc&, repair, maintain or cause or procure to be built, erected, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light House or Light Houses, in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coails of Ireland; and also to alter the Light or Lights in any ex-illing Light House or Light Houses, and to make, erect and set up such and so many new or other Beaeons, Marks and Signs for the Sea, in such Place or Places of the Sea Shores, and Uplands near the Sea Coails of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, for Sea Marks, as to them shall seem mod meet, needful and requisite, whereby the Dangers may be avoided and escaped, and Ships the better come into their Ports without Peril; and all such Light Houses, BeaOona and Sea Marks, to build, ered, repair and maintain at such Places, and in such manner, and of such Constructions and Dimensions as shall appear to the said Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, that previoujt whenever the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall think it expedient to erect any new Light Light Houses or House, Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any exilling Light House altering exiting or Light Houses, or to erect or set up inltead thereof, any new or Lights, Corpora-©ther Light or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks, on any of the said uon}° com\ Coasts, the said Corporation shall make a Communication in Writing, Trini^Houfa of such their Intention, to the Mailer, Wardens and Affillants of jgngUnd. the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most Glorious and

Undivided

2$6

A.D. 181&

C-PS-

500 GEO. III.

Trinity House may within She Months suggest Improvement*, &c.

if Trinity House make no Su«x-geftions within Six Months, the Plan communicated to them may he proceeded on, with Consent of Lord Lieutenant nod Treasury.

Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptfotd.Strond, in the County of Kent, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, commonly calied, " The Corporation of Trinity House ipf Deptford Strond,* and in such Communication, the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall ffate, or cause to be ftatecl, to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, the proposed Place, Situation and Scite of every such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, with the Reasons Grounds and Motives for the Seledion thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Light or Lights proposed or intended to be used and exhibited therein, with the intended Construction thereof, and also the Situation of any Beacon or other Sea Mark, which the said .Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin shall deem requisite to be erected or set up, together with all such other Particulars, as.shall or may be necerfary to enable the said Corporation of Trinity House to judge and determine thereon; and shall also, upon the Requisition of the said Corporation of Trinity House, furnish and give to them all such further and other Information touching the same, or in relation thereto, as well in Writing as otherwise, as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall or may require 5 and upon any such Communication, or in case the said Corporation of Trinity House shall at any other time, or on any Occasion, think it requisite and proper so to do, as hereinafter mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House, within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of such Communication, or at such other times as they shall think fit, to suggest to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, any Aiterations, Improvements or Amendments, either in relation to the Scite and Situation of any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, or of the Plan or Construction thereof, or the Light or Lights set up and used, or to he set up, used and exhibited therein, for the Purpose of rendering and making the same of the fulleft and utmost practicable Use and Benefit to Navigation; and in order that the same may thereby be and become perfectiy and completely dillinguilhable from any of the Light Houles on any Part of the Coasts of England, Wales or Scotland; and moreover to make and give all or any such other Sug-geftions respecting any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, as to the said Corporation of Trinity House shall seem fitting and necessary, and the same, if approved by the said Commissioners for improving the Port of Dublin, (subjed nevertheless to the Powers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, and to the Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland in that behalf, ) be binding and conelusive, and shall in all Respects, subject as aforesaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution: Provided always, that if the said Corporation of Trinity House shall not, within such Six Calendar Months after any such Communication, to be made to them as aforesaid, make or propose any such Suggestions as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, then, and in such Case, the same shall be considered and taken to be approved of or acquiesced in by the said Corporation of Trinity House; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to proceed in the ered-

1 ing

A.D.iSta

2J7

50* GEO. Ill#

fag and building of any such new Light House or Light Houses,

Beacons or Sea Marks, or in the altering any existing Light, as the*

Case may be, according to such Plan and Communication as shall have been made to the said Corporation of Trinity Hotlfe as aforesaid:

Provided alfo# that frbm time to time and at all Times at)d on all Oc-caGoos, whenever the said Corporation of Trinity House shall deem or think it requisite to make and communicate any Suggestion or Representation whatever to the said Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin, on the Subject of or in relation to any nfew Light House or Light Houses, Beacons or Sea Marks, or on the Subject of or in relation to any of the exiting Light Houses, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the CoafU of Ireland, or towards the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the same more effectual for tho Safety of His Majesty's Ships, or »f those engaged in Commence, or in His Majesty's Service, or shall traufmit any Complaint which shall or may at any time be made to the said Corporation of Trinity House, in relation to the Infufliciency or Defectivenefs of any of the said Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then ^he said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall, without Delay, transmit a Copy of every such Suggestion, Communication, Representation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or his or their Chief Secretary* and also to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and that it shall and may he lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or SusrgeHions of trtHer Chief Governor or Governors, and also to and for the said Lord Trinity House High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office, or* lit referred ta any Three of them* to make and give such Orders and Directions to^eawnwrt, the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, with respect to any such Suggestions, Communications and Repre-fentations of Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other*

Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treafnret or Commissioners aforesaid, or any Three of them, fhatl seem fitting and expedient; and the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall in all Things conform to and obey all fuen Orders and Direction as la ft mentioned, and shall proceed and aft therein accordingly.

III. And, in order to defray the Expence of making the necef- Former Light fery Purchafrs, and of building, eresting, repairing, fitting up, com-pleting and keeping in Repair the several Light Houses, Beacons andora J°n.

Sea Marks to he erected, built or repaired under or by virtue of this Y

Act, and of the Lights therein, Be it further enacted, That from

and after the passing of this Act there shall be payable and paid to

the Use of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port

of Dublin for the Purpof.sof this Act, from the Owners or Mailers

of all Vessels entering, coming into, or going out of, or entering into

or using any Port or Ports in Inland, all and every fubh Light

House Dues and other Rates and Duties for and in respect of Light

Houses as are now payable by the Owners or Masters of such Vessels

at any Port or Place in Ireland, in such manner and to such Amount

only as shall have been paid and levied at any such Port or Place re-

spectively, at any time within Seven Years next preceding the passing

of this Act; and that from and after the passing ot this Act, there shall And addition*!

jo Geo. Ill,

also Dalles.

A

Dime* collected by Ofljcers of Customs.

Prorifo for Ship* of War and

Fishing Vessel*.

Powers of Act

26 G. 3. (I.) c. 19. applied to this Act

also be payable and paid to the Use of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin for the Purposes of this Act, over and above all other Rates and Duties now payable or paid as aforesaid, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) upon every Entry Inwards and on every Entry Outwards made in any Port in Ireland, and on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant, for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland, to any other Port therein, over and above all other Duties on every such Entry, Cockct or Warrant the Sum of Six pence British Currency; all which said Duties shall and may be levied, coilefted and received by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, in like manner and with like Authority, and with like Remedy for Recovery of the same, as are by Law given to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and their Officers, for the collecting, levying and recovering of any Duty of Customs, or any Duties or Entries, Inwards or Outwards, in any Port of Ireland; and the said Duties shall, from time to time, be paid over by Order of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or to such Person for their Use as the said Corporation shall direct, at such time and in such manner as the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, shall order and direct; and the said Duties, when so paid over to the said Corporation, shall by them be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the said Rate or Duty any of His Majesty's Ships of War, nor any Ship or Vessel whatever, being the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Royal Family; nor any Fiftiing Vessels, Smacks or Boats; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with Handing.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for pro-mo ting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, whereby the said Corporation for preserving and impro ving the Port of Dublin is empowered ot authorized to purchase and acquire any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said last recited Act, and whereby the said Corporation is required to account before the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts for the Disposition of the Funds under their Management by virtue of the said recited Act; and all and every Act and Acts for amending the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, in respect to the Matters and Things aforesaid, shall be applied in the Execut ion of this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An A FI for increastng the Rates of Subftflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[20th June 1810.]

11 THERE AS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament* ' W intituled, An Act for increastng the Rates of Subfijlence to be

paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers .* And whereas 4 the Rules prelcribed for furnishing Soldiers with Diet and Small 4 Beer are in many Instances become from the high Price of Provisions inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders

and others; and it is therefore expedient that further Provisions 4 should be made for regulating the Quantities of Diet and SmiU 4 Beer to be furnished to the Soldiers, and the Sums to be allowed for

the same: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and ten, every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the Parts of the United Kingdom mentioned in the said recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissianed Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the same, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem, instead of One Shilling and Four pence per Diem as is in the said recited Act specified; and that fot such Allowance of Eight pence, the Innkeeper or other Person shall furnish One Meal, videlicet; a hot Dinner if required in each Day to each Non-commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to confiftof such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pouud and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked* and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act, and of another Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, forpunish-ing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be applied for the enforcing such Regulations as to the Diet of Soldiers and the Payment of and accounting for the Allowances for the same, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the said First recited Act and this Act shall be coriftrued as One Act.

S»C A 5,

so G. 3. c. at.

Instead of the Allowance of is. 4d. under recited Act, 8d. per Diem shall be paid to Innkeepers for providing s Dinner.

Powers of recited Act, and Mutiny Act, c. 7. extended to this Act.

A.D. 1810.

*60 C97. jo* GEa lit

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend feve, ral A<2* fof granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks oti the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland. [20th June 1810.]

5 G. 3. c. 13.

46 G. 3. t, 6ft.

47 G. 3. S*ff. |.

31.

47 G. 3 Scff.ft.

«.16.

47 G. 3. Seff. 3.

«.18.

46 G. 3. #. lft.

120.

47 G. 3.8*0;!.

w

4b G. 9. C. 80.

69 G 3.c.74.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made irt the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goode, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawback 1 and Bounties: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and firs, certain Duties ou the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Irony Sugar and Tea* into dnd from Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufeftured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty feveiith Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Ma» fifty until the Fifth Day of July, One thousand eight hundred send eighty certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Draw backs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares end Merchandize, into and from Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to provide for the Decrease and Suspension, in certain Cases, of Part of the Countervailing Duty on BeitUh Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas such of the said recited Acts as were tempo* rary have been from time to time continued by several Acts passed in the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present M^efty's Reign, and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were amended and continued, and by an Act made in the last Session of ParKasmnt the said recited Acts were further continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient that all the said recked Acts, and also the several Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, should be further continued ia manner hereinafter mentioned.' May it therefore please Yonr Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, inthispresent Parliament assembled, and by ibe Authority of the same, Th*t the Rates

^.

A.D.i8i6i 50* GEO. Hi. C. 97.

and Duties granted, tnd the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited A As or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the (kid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except such Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on retired Sugar under the said recited Acts or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act h provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland^until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and whioh said last recited A A is by an Act passed in this prefect Sertkm of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amended, and that the said recited Acts, except as aforesaid, and so far as they are not altered or repealed by each other, or by this Act, or by any other Act, and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Time hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Powers, Provisions Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts, or ahy of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted bad made Part of the said recked AAs, or any of them, and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed or cofttiw mied, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Draw* backs and Bounties (except as aforesaid) allowed in respect thereof under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts re-fjpeAively, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand tight hundred and ten, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ekvep, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament a (Tumbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant so Your Majesty several new and other Duties upon certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be k therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this i\A, and during the Continuance of this A A, there shall be raised, levied, colie cted and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided) without any Difcouot whatever, upon the Importation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedules hereto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted, described and (et forth m Figures in the said Schedules; and there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect

S3 of

*61

Duties and Drawbacks of recited Acts continued till July 5, 181], except Drawbacks and Bounties om Sugar, &c. provided for by 47 O. 3. Seflf. l. c. 19. &c, lait continued by

50 G. d. 1.1^.

Duties and Drawbacks in Schedules (A.) and (B.) grants^ andUovred,

A.D. 1810

262 C.97. jq° CEO. JII.

of the said Duties, as the same are also respectively inserted, defertbed and set forth in Figures in the said Schedules, and that the said Duties in the said Schedule (A.) specitied shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of ail Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of-the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and that*che said Duties in the said Schedule (B.) specified shall be in addition to all D.uties on Wines imported into Ireland under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of thi*

a a.

Duties i*yable

on Goods not enten I, 8ce.

«nd 1H0 on Goods \rare-houfrd purfusnt to any Act.

What Wines imported belore th< p itTiiu; of this Act charged with additional Duty.

Additional Ex-

eifo Duties on w inch in Stock.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respeflive Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and let forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, shall be charged and payable on ail fuclt Goods, Wares and Merchandize, a* shall not have been entered on or before the passing of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable, on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties mentioned and set forth in the said Schedules shall be charged and payable on all such of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, and shall remain at the time of the passing of this Act in Warehouses, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may h^ve been imported before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the Duties which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been subject to before the passing of this Act shall be payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Wines which at apy time before the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten shall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged, shall be confldered as Wines remaining in His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the passing of this Act, and shall be charged accordingly, and the Proprietor thereof shall be subject to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof mentioned, contained and set forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (B.) over and above all former Duties payable on the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines which on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten shall have been or shall he in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Cuf* tody, Power or Possession of any Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which shall have paid the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the passing of this Act, the respective additional Duties of Excise following, that is to say; For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine, Rhenish Wine, and Wines of Germany and Hungary^ the Sum of Eighteen Pounds and Eighteen

A.D. 1810.

363

50° GEO. III. C. 97.

Shillings; and for and upon each and eveiy Tun of any other Sort of Wines not otherwise enumerated, the Sum of Twelve Pounds and Twelve Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wines respectively,

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties paid lu backs io this Act mentioned, and also the Duties and Drawbacks Ikmft Ctirrrncy, in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned ConfouXted ° and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable Fuad.

in Hritish Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried io and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that-all the said Duties, and all Drawbacks in the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this AC1 and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale,

Weight, /Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or less Number,

Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respe£hvely. 1

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That the several Rates and Du- Duties ami ties and Drawbacks hereby mentioned and granted and allowed, shall Drawl ks under be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and l*eguUuun ut Successors, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed,

directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wafres and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car. 2. Years of His late Majesty Xing Charles the Second, intituled, An Act c- 8> &e-for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcjfors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Custom8 and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for Appea' the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

IX. Provided al.ways, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where Additional the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Dutie* secured Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be secured by by

Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or imposed, may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

X. And, for ascertaining the Stock of all Foreign Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of, FaCtors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of Foreign Wines on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, and for (tearing the additional Duties by this Act imposed thereon, ' Be it

S 4 further

A.D.iSis.

Importers, &c. to delirer an Account of Stock to Collector of Excite pi the jMrift.

penalty*

Officers of Excise may entef Premises of Wine Dealers, and take Account of Stock.

farther enacted, That ererj such Importer of, Dealer in Seller or

Retailer of Foreign Wine* in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such Wines in his, her or their PofRflion, in any Warehouse, Store Room. Shop, Celiar, Vault, or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person for his, her or their Use, shall within Three Days after the Fifth Day of7///yOne thousand eight hundred and ten deliver at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the Dtftri& in which such'Wine shall have been on the said Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, or any other Day b«N tween that Day and the said Fifth Day of July inclusive, a just, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine which on the said Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, or on any Day between that Day and the said Fifth Day of July Qne thousand eight hundred and ten inclusive, shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer in Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, in every such Warehouse or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Pe: foo for his or her Use, describing the Places in which the same shall be, and the Situation thereof, and distinguistiing such Foreign Wines from eaeh Other, according to the true Denomination thereof, a* the same ard hereinbefore described, and also distinguistiing whether such Wines are Red or White; and all W ines in Bottles shall be accounted for according to the Number of Bottles, without expressing the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in such Bottles, hut ell inflating the Number of such Gallons in the whole, by a fair Calculation made on the actual Content of any given Number of such Bottles, indifferently chosen; and every such Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a solemn ^Affirmation, before the Colleftorof Excise of the Dittrift, that such Account is a just, true ai d perfect Account of all such Wines as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation such Collector is hereby authorized tp administer; and every such Importer, Deakr, Seller, Retailer, or other Person, who shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be deli vend such Account, within the time aforesaid, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver, or cause to he delivered, any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pound*, and all.such Foreign Wines of which such Account shall f 101 be ck* livered, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the £asks, Bottle*, Jars, Vef* fels, Hogsheads and Packages containing the same respectively, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majest)* Revenue in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers cf Excise, from time to time, to enter into aH or any of the Wafehouses, Store* houfvft, Rooms, Shops, Celiars, Vaults and other Place* of any such Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller of Foreign Wine whether by Wholefah? or Retail, and into any Plact where any Wine belong* ing to any Importer of, Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of Wine shall be, add by tailing, gauging or otherwise, to take an Accouot of the Quantity and Quality of all Wine then and there found in the Custody of or belonging to any such Importer, Dealer, Seiler or Retailer, in any Calk, or in any Vessel, except Bottles, and aHo to take an Account of all such Wine as shall be then and there found i*

3ot\kh

i^.

A.'D.iSia,

50° GEO. III.

C. 97.

Bottles, in any other manner than by tailing the same, or by uncork* ing or opening the Bottles containing such Wine, unless with the Coo Tent of the Proprietor, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Number of Gallons therein in manner afore mentioned; and in case of Refusal of such Consent, each Bottle shall be deemed to contain the Quantity which its common Denomination of Pint, Quart, Two Quart8, and so forth, imports; and if any Officer or Officers of ObstruAuqf Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them at any such Officer*, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault, or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Wines in manner aforesaid, or if such Importer, Dealer, Seller,

Retailer or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Wines,

shall neglect or refuse to shew, or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Wines in every such Warehouse or other Place respectively, such Person respectively, into or at whose Warehouse or other Place such Officer shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take such Accounts respectively, and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew, or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default respec- Penalty, lively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in cate of any Dispute be- IncafoofDif-tween the Officer of Excise and any such Importer of, or Dealer in putes, Office or Seller of Foreign Wine, as to the Nature or Species of any may take particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, in°*and every such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take,

at any time or .times, a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Out

Quart of any such Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Caflfs,

or in any other Vessel or Veflfels, paying for the Wine the usual

Price thereof 5 and if such Officer or Officers shall not be permitted

to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to

pay for the same, after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wise be Obstructing,

obstructed or hindered by any Person or Perfoiw whatever in taking

such Sample or Samples, the Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or

Retailer of such Wine, or other Person in whose Custody such Wine

shall be, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Offi- Officers taking cer and Officers of Excise who shall take such Account of such an Account of Wines, shall make a Return err Report of the fume to the Collector Winest0

of Excise of the Dittrid, and shall insert in such Return or Report the Amount of Duties hereby charged and payable thereon, and the Sums charged in such Return or Report shall be a Charge on such Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine, or other Person or Persons who shall pay the said Duty accordingly, in case such Return or Report shall contain a greater Quantity of Wines than ffiaU be comprised in the respective Accounts h?rtiu befpre directed to be returned by the Parties respectively to whom such Wine dial) belong, otherwise the Account given by such Importer or other Person (had be and become a Charge on such Importer or other Person of such Duty on the Quantity of Wine contained in such Account, and such Importer or other Person shall pay the said Doty accordingly; and where no such Account shall have been returned by Dutiesharjr<3 such Importer or other Person, the Return made by the Officer undej accordingly.

.....this

Bond for Pay ni^nt of Duty on \\ .ue in Stock.

No Penrpit till Par ies paid.

Pifcount for prorr^t Payment.

Dealers may chaise additional Duty to Buyer before Delivery.

Torn inuance of

Act.

Act may be

altered, &c«

X

.97. jo* GEO. III. A.D. 1810^

this Act shall be a conclusive Charge on such Importer or other Person.

XIV. And be it further eRacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Importer, Dealer, or other Person chargeable with the said additional Duties on Wines in respect of such Wines in hrs or her Stock or Possession, to give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Distritt in which such Importer or other Person resides, which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for His Majesty'* Ufc, in a Penalty of not iefs than Double the Amount of the said additional Duties, conditioned that such Importer, Dealer or other Person shall pay the Amount of the said additional Duty on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hun-. dred and eleven, by Six equal Instalments, the First of such Installments to be paid on the Twenty ninth Day of September One tliou-fanJ eight hundred and ten, the Four succeeding Instalments on the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and the Sixth and last Instalment onor before the said Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Merchant, Importer of, Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of any such Wines shall have fold or shall fell the same, or any Part thereof, and shall be desirous of re-, moving the same out of his Stock before Payment of the respective additional Duties by this Act imposed, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said additional Duties, and all Duties of Customs and Excise due on such Wine to be so removed, shall have been previoufiv paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Importer, Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with or be liable to the additional Duties on Wine under this Act, shall pay the same or any Part thereof, before the Expiration of the respective Times when the same are by this Act required to be paid as aforesaid, every such Person shall be allowed as a Discount for prompt Payment a Sum out of such Duties, as such Importer, Dealer or other Person shall so pay, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum for such time as any Sum shall be paid before the time when the same is by this Act required to be paid.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Importer, Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with the additional Duties by this Act imposed upon any Wine in his or her Possession shall have fold or contracted to fell any such Wine to any Person or Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then, and in every such case, the Buyer of the said Wine shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Wine without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with pr paid for such Wine under the PrOvisions of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended of repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this prefect Session of Parliament.

v*

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wa;e$ and Merchandize therein enumerated and described (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

SCUEDULE INWARDS. Duties. Draw baci s. 1

Almonds, the cwt. viz. £. d. £ JV

Bitter - 1 6 8 O 13 4

4 0 0 2 0 0

— - In the Shell - 10 0 O5 0

Of any other Sort 2 0 0 I a 0

Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons 26 4 83 2 4

Cloves, the lb. viz.

— the Produce of, and imported from any British

Colony or Plantation in America 0 2 0 —

- imported under Licence t 0 4 8 0 2 4

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. - 0 2 2 0 1 1

Cork§, ready made, the lb. 0 3 0 —

Currants, the cwt. viz.

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 17 4 0 18 8

in Foreign Shipping 2 0 0 0 18 8

Figs, the cwt. viz.

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom*0 j 8 0 090

- in Foreign Shipping91? 4 0 ? 0

Ginger, viz.

— of the British Colonies or Plantations in the

West Indies, Africa or America, the cwt. 0 19 4 098

- not of the Produce of the liritish Colonies or

Plantations, the cwt. ... 2 4 8 1 2 4

0 2 8 —

Lemons, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the 1, 000 ... 0 16 4 0 8 2.

—— imported in Foreign Shipping 0 17 4 0 8 2

pickled, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - 2 1791 8 0

Liquorice Ball or Juice, the lb. 0 6 8 0 3 4

Nutmegs, candied, the lb. 0 6 8 0 3 4 j

the Produce of, and imported from any British

Colony or Plantation in America, the Lb. 0 3 0 — - 1

imported under Licence, the lb. 0 4 8 0 2 4 ;

Oil, viz.

- — of Almonds, the lb. - - 1 0 0 8 0 0 4 i

— of Amber, the lb. 0 4 8 0 2 4 |

rr" of Annileed, the lb. 0 3 4 0 1 8

— of Carraway Seeds, the lb. 0 2 0 0 1 0

— of Castor, the lb. 0 1 0 0 0 6

of Cinnamon, the oz. f 0 4 0 0*0 1

Oil,

§

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Oil, continued % viz.

--- of Cloves, the ct.

--- of Hempfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

— of Jessamine, the lb.

--- of Juniper, the lb.

— of Linseed, the Tun of 252 Gallons . — of Mace, the oz.

«--- of Marjoram, the lb.

— - of Nutmeg9, the oz,

«--- of Oranges, the lb.

Ordinary Oii of Olives, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Tun, containing zyz Gallons

--- in Foreign Ship-

ping, the Tun of 252 aim

Duties.

Gallons

Palm Oil, the cwt.

— of Rapcfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

* — of Rosemary, the lb.

r — - Sallad Oil, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon -

---- imported in Foreign Shipping, the Gallon

— of SalTafras, the lb.

- Seed Oil, not other wise enumerated or described, the Tun of 252 Gallons

— of Thyme, the lb.

of Turpentine, the lb.

--- of Vitriol, tfye lb.

— of Walnuts, the Gallon

— all other Oils, being Chemical Oils, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

--- Oil or Blubber from Fish, the Tun of 252 Gals. viz.

— - Blubber of Newfoundland, of the fishing of the

United Kingdom, br of Newfoundland fishing

--- Oil of Newfoundland, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

--- Fish Oil, or Train Oil, of the fishing of the United

Kingdom, the Tun of 252 Gallons

---- of Foreign Fishing

--- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of fishing of the

United Kingdom, the Tun of 252 Gallons

---- — -- of Foreign Fishing

Oranges, viz.

---- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the 1, 000

— --- in Foreign Shipping, the i, oco

Pepper, the lb. viz.

--- Black or White, of the East Indies

— — Cayenne Pepper -

— — Guinea Pepper -

— — Long Pepper -

Drawbacks.

J*. j. J. £. I. d.

0 1 4 0 0 6

2* 7 6 —

O 3 4 0 t 8

0 1 0 0 0 6

2 6 7 6 —

0 1 8 0 0 10

0 2 4 0 I 2

0 1 8 0 0 10

P 3 0 0 I 6

12 8 0 6 4 0

*3 396 4 0

0 5 4 0 2 8

26 7 6 —

0 1 8 0 0 !0

0 390 2 O

0 4 4 0 2 O

0 2 0 0 1 0

26 7 6 -

0 2 4 0 1 2

0 0 6 —

0 0 4 —

0 3 2 0 1 7

0 3 0 0 1 6

03 2 .,

099 —

0 67 ..

26 7 6 —

0 6 7 —

26 7 6 —

0 16 4 0 8 2

0 !7 4 0 8 2

0 1 8 —

0 4 0.0 2 0

0 1 4 0 0 8

0 0 8 0 0 4

Pimento,

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Pimento, the lb. viz.

---- of the British Plantation!

---- not of the British Plantations

Raisins, the cwt. viz.

Belvidere Railing, imported in Shipping of the

United Kingdom

---- — ---- -in Foreign Shipping

— Denia Raisins, imported in Shipping of the

United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping

I'aro Raisins, imported in Shipping ol the United Kingdom

---- ---- — in Foreign Shipping -

Lrxia Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

---- --- rin Foreign Shipping

Lipari Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— ---- — ---- --in Foreign Shipping

Smyrna Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

---- ---- in Foreign Shipping

of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the Ui.ited

Kingdom

— in Foreign Shipping

— not otherwise enumerated or described,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

--- in Foreign Shipping

Rice, the cwt. ..

Rosin, . or Colophonia, the cwt. viz.

— --imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

---- in Foreign Shipping

... the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantation* belonging to the Crown of the United

Kingdom

f ilk, Organaine Thrown Silk, undyed; the lb. of 16 oz. — Thrown, not organzioed, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz.

-- ---- -uodyed. the lb. of 16 oz.

Tea* imported from Great Britain, for every icol. of trie Value thereof Turpentine, viz.

---- Common, the cwt.

---- of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb.

— ---- of Germany, or any other Place, not other-

wife enumerated or deforibed, the twt. Vinegar or Vei^uice, the Tun of 352 Gallon*

Wax, Pee* Wax unmanufactured, the cwl White or manufactured, the cwt.

— Hard Wax, the lb.

Sealing Wax, for every tool, of the Value

Duties. Drawbacks.

£. /. d. £. / d.

0 0 8 O O 4

O 1 0 0 O 6

0 18 0 O90

09 0 O90

0 16 4 O 8 2

G 17 4 O 8 2

O 18 0 O90

O '9 0 O90

O 18 8 O94

O 19 S O94

O 18 0 O90

O9 0 O90

I 1 0 O 10 6

I 2 0 O 10 <S

I »5 8 O 17 10

1 16 8 O >7 10

O 16 4 O 8 2

O 17 4 O 8 2

O 6 4 O 3 2

O 4 0

O 4 8 —

O 2 8

O 3 8 O 2 it

O91 O 8 4

0 6 4 O 5 7

93 0 0 89 10 0

0 3 8 O 1 10

0 0 8 O 6 4

i 2 0 O It 0

'I 4 —

2 10 0 I 8 0

i 4 0 2 12 0

0 2 0 0 1 0

5© 0 0 —

A.D. 1818

C. 97198, 99. jo° GEO. lit.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Additional Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or deferib'd (not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britairt) and df the Drawbacks to be allowed on'the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Duucs. Drawbacks.

W e, the Tun of 252 Galions, viz. French, Rliemfh, Germany and Hungary Wines not otherwise enumerated or described £. t. d. 18 j 8 0 12 12 0 £. S. d. l8 l8 O 12 12 O

CAP. XCVIlt.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[20th June 1810.]

*4 Irish Treasury may issue Bills to £ certain Extent to bear In*

44 terest. § 1. Bills issued not to exceed 2 i6, ooool. § 2. Bills,

44 if not paid off, shall be taken, in Payment of the Revenue in 44 Ireland* after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Inte- rest shall cease. § 3, 4. Money to be carried to the lrish Con- folidated Fund. §5. Bills to be chargeable thereon. §6. Bank of 44 Ireland may advance the Sum of 2 i6, ooool. on the Credit of this 44 Act. §7.

CAP. XCIX.

An ACI to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and ihe Regulations of Braziers aiul of Persons employing more than one Still in Ireland. [20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt in Ireland ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 45 G. a. c. vi. the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the^4; i. 4b. rc- Day of the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the ^lcd. Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty''s Reign, intituled, jin

for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt Her % as ena&s or provides that any Corn or Grain making into Malt in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the same shall be thrdwn out or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, .shall remain on the Floor or Floors > for the full Space of Ten Days at the least before the same shall be put on the Kiln; and also so much of the said recited At\ as ena&s or provides that Corn or Grain making into Malt shall be put on the

A.D.iftiolr 5b0 GEO. ilL C. 99. 271

Kiln within Twenty one Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, shall be and the same is and are hereby* repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Malt in making* of Ten Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, if any Corn to remain on the or Grain making into Malt in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker £!°°r a ceruitt of Malt in Ireland, after the time when the same shall be thrown une* out, or ought by the Provisions of the said recited Act to have been .

thrown out of the Couch Frame, shall not remain on the Floor or (

Floors for the full Space of Eight Days at the lead before the same shall be put on the Kiln, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for-frit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that if any Corn or Grain making penalty, into Malt shall not have been put on the Kilu within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, all such Corn or Grain shall be eonfidered as Malt, and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found, shall be charged with Duty for the same, after the Rate of One Bushel of Malt for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; which said Penalty, several Penalties shall and may be recovered and applied in such and the like manner as any Penalties of the like Amount may be recovered and applied under the said last recited A A of the Forty fifth Year fiforetaid, or any Act or Acts for amending the same^

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration for

of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, it shall and may Maltlwufcso be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in fious gMatTd! Inland, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep any Malthouse, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not be lefs- than One thousand and forty square Feet, and shall not exceed One thousand four hundred square Feet, any thing in the said recited A A of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or in any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Kiln Floor or Floors of every such Malthouse shall be in the like Proportions to the working or drying Floor or Floors therein as is directed and reguired by the said recited Act or Acts, or any of them, with reiped to Malthouses, the working or drying Floors whereof are of the Dimensions in the said recited Acts mentioned:

Provided also, that all such Licences shall be granted in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Acts contained, except only Proviso. so far as the same are altered by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any unmalted Corn or Grain Mixing Com and shall be mixed with or contained among any Malt shipped or intended Malt intended to be shipped in Ireland for Exportation, all such Com and Malt l', r Exportation Hull be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Tuftoms or Excise, and the Person or Persons who shall have so mixed, or caused or procured, permitted or suffered to be mixed any such nnmalted Corn or Grain with such Malt as aforesaid, shall, for every Bushel of such Mixture, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings. Penalty.

^V. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland 4Q G 4 in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled, c 68#* ''

4 An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and

1 Certificates

A.D.i8to»

Tenalticc not incurred on Account of Kxjiira-tion of Certificates for Conveyance of Exciseable Goods, unlefr Notice by Officer.

44 G.. c. 98.

S§4.

OG. f. t. 99.

$ !«

C.99. 50° 0E0. III.

4 Certificate for the Conveyance and P rote Bio n of certain exciftabb

Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or

Retailers of such Goods 5 certain Penalties and Forfeitures are iro*

posed in cases where Goods or Commodities ate found without the

Certificate required by the said Act to be given by Officers of Ex* 4 cife, for the protesting of Goods; and also in cases where such 1 Certificates are not delivered up or renewed according to the Pro* 1 visions of the said recited Act $* Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Penalty or Forfeiture whatever shall accrue or be incurred by any Person or Persons whatever, nor shall any Goods or Commodities be forfeited nor be liable to be seized, nor shall any Information, Suit or Prosecution be filed, had, commenced, prosecuted or proceeded on for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, or for the Condemnation of any such Goods or Commodities by reafou of in consequence of the Expiration of any such Certificate, or by tea* son or in consequence of such Certificate not being delivered up, or not being renewed in manner required by the said recited Act, unlefl Notice shall have been given by some Officer of Excise to the Holder of such Certificate Six Days at the leaf! previous to the filing of any such Information, or the commencing of such Suit or Protecutkmf requiring such Holder to renew such Certificate, or to deliver up the same as the case may require, and to take out a new or other Certifi* cate pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of ' His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for tit 4 regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dfiilled 4 in Ireland, and the ware hoofing of such Spirits for Exportation^ 4 it is, among! other things, enacted, that no Brazier or other«Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Mftaf, shall make«or have in his or her PofTeffiou any Still, the Content of the Body 4 whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto, shall be lefi 4 than Five hundred Galions, other than and except any such Still 4 only as may be licenfrd by the Commissioners of Excise under the 1 Provisions of the said recited Act, nor unless such Brazier of other«Person shall have previously obtained a Licence from some one Commissioner of Excise, for making or keeping the same; and in 4 case such Still shall he of less Content than rive hundred Galions, < setting forth that the same is for che Use of some Chemist, Apothecary, or other Person duly licensed to use the same, and if 4 any such Still shall be found in the Possession of any Braeier or 4 otner Person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a Licence for 4 making or keeping the same, such grazier or other Person shall for*

feit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Still shall be forfeited 4 and may be seized by any Officer of Excise s And whereas by one 4 other Act made in the fcorty ninth Year of His present Majesty's 4 Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the several Acts for the rmlating 4 and securing the Colie Bion of the Duties on Spirits ekflilled in Ireland, and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail\ it is,

amongst other things, enacted, that if any Brazier, Tinman, or 4 Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin,

or other Metal, shall at any time after the Expiration of Ten Days 4 after the Day of the passing of the fafd last mentioned Act, mails 4 or repair! or have m lit or her Poffefikra in Ireland any Still, ths

CcQtffiU

A.D. 1810*

273

$o° oEo. m. C.99.

Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any other

Appendage thereto, shall be less than Fifty Galions, every such

Pcrlon offending as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be guilty 4 of a Misdemeanor s And whereas in consequence of the Com-

missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes being by Law authorized

to grant Licences to Persons to hate, keep and make use of any 4 Still, the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any 4 other Appendage thereto, shall not be less than Forty four Galions, it is necessary to repeal so much of the said Two Acts as is hereinbefore recited : Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, as is and are hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier, Tinman or Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing in Brah», Copper, Tin, or other Metal, shall make or repair, or have in his or her Possession in Ireland* any Still the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto shall be less than Forty fuur Galions, every such Person so offending aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace on Information on Oath of any such Offences, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; 'and in case any IndiAment shall be found agaiull such Person, he or she shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to infliA such Punishment on such Person for such Offence, as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors.

4 VIII. And whereas it is expedient to meet the Inconvenience 4 resulting from Dillillers commencing the working T wo or more Stills 4 at different Periods in the same DistilleryBe it enacted, That whenever any Distiller in Ireland shall have Two or more Stills in the same Distillery, and shall not have given Notice and commenced the working of all such Stills on the same Day, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller to give Notice of the commencing or recommencing to work any Still or Stills in addition to the Still or Stills which shall be then at'work in such Distillery but on a Monday, which shall be the Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks for the Work of such Still or Stills as shall have been so at work as aforesaid; and in every case where a Distiller shall have Two or more Stills working as aforesaid at the same time, every such Distiller shall be charged and chargeable, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as be shall make, or be chargeable with Duty for from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings, with which all such Stills shall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of the same reflectively9and the Officer of Excise shall in the several Returnr by Law required to be made by him, include and charge against such Distiller the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is chargeable with Duty in rclpeA of all such Stills taken together; and when any Distiller shall at anytime before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, have commenced or recommenced the work-lag of Two or more Stills in the same Distillery on different Days, so56 Geo. III. T as

repelled.

Brazil rs, &c. having in 1'oflVf-fiott Stills of It fa Contest ihaa A A G allot

PunldhmeQt*

Regulation for DtiUllers in work-in* Two or more Stills.

A.D. 1810.

A74 C. 99, 100. 50° GEO. III.

as that the Period of Four Weeks as to each of the said Stills shall be distinct, it shall be lawful for the Officer in Charge of the Distil* lery of such Distiller, to include in his Return of the Charge at the End of such Period of Four Weeks of the Still or Stills which shall have first commenced working as aforesaid, the full Proportion of the Charge or Charges in respect of the Contents of such additional StiN or Stills for a Period of Four Weeks, according to the Number t dfe. of Weeks that f same shall have worked during such Period of Four Weeks, of the Still or Stills which firli commenced working as aforesaid, so as to charge the said Distiller from the same Day and Period as to all and every of the said Stills as long as the same shall continue working, and that such Return so made as aforesaid shall be a Charge on such Distiller to all Iutents and Purposes, a3 any Charge on any any Distiller by virtue of any other or former Act 5 and the Duty or Duties so returned and charged shall be paid and payable by such Distiller in like manner as any Duty under any other Return is payable by Law by any Distiller, and under and subject in Default of Pay-Feoal uf. ment to all Penalties as Distillers are subject to in cases of Non-payment of the Duties with which they are chargeable.

CAP. C.

3# G. 3. c. fs.

Fine* imposed on Fun (lie?, &c. restated, &c. Persons no* |»u-nilhaMc for n it levying tine*.

An Act for refpiting certain Fines imposed on Stills in Ireland.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty, Duties 4 upon Spirits made or difilled in Irelandyro/n Corn; to allow certain 4 Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations 4 for the Encouragement of lieenfed Difillers % and jor amending the 4 Laws relative to the Difillet y of Ireland; the Operation of certain 4 Acts was suspended for Two Years, so far as they imposed Fines 4 on Parities and Townships in Ireland for unlicensed Stills or Parts 4 of Stills, or Materials for illicit Distilling, found on such Lands 1 4 And whereas during the time said A & was passing similar Fines

may have been imposed at different Assizes in Ireland, which, without the Interference of Parliament, must be levied Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Fines as may have been imposed on Parishes or Townlands in Ireland on or after the Tenth Day of March in this Year, shall be and are hereby respited; and that no High Constable or other Person employed to colled! the same shall suffer any Loss of Salary in confcqucr.ee of not having colledtedor paid in such Fines.

C. ioi.

275

50° GEa IIL

CAP. cl

An Act for confirming an Agreement for the Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland9 and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory and his Trustees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G. 8. c. 94.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable 4 the CommiJJirjners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of 4 Ireland to contract for the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland,

reciting that the Right Honourable E.ul of Ormonde and Offory 4 was or claimed to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all 4 Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers,

and other Places within Ireland; and reciting also that it would 4 tend to Uniformity in the Collection and Application of the Reve-

nue of Customs in Ireland if the said Duties of Prisage and Butlerage were, by the Con fen t of the said Earl, to be revelled in the

4 Crown for the public Service; it was enacted, that it Should and Il*

might be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or any Three

or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the 4 time being, on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, to treat, contract, and agree witfi the said Walter Earl of 4 Ormonde and OJfory, or any other Person or Persons claiming or to 4 claim under or by virtue of the respective Grants or Letters Patent 4 under which the said Earl was or claimed to be entitled to the same,

4 for the absolute Purchase or Surrender of all such Estate, Right,

4 Title and Interect, as he or they had or should be entitled to claim 4 in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland,

4 and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages 4 whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity or Sum of Money 4 or both, to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated 4 Fund of Ireland\ at such times and in such manner, and upon and 4 subject to such Terms and Conditions of Redemption thereof, or 4 otherwrfe relating thereto, as the said Commissioners for executing 4 the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being,

4 or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of 4 Ireland for the time being Should think fit, and as should be agreed

4 upon in that Behalf: And it was by the said Act provided and $ a,

4 further enacted, that no such Contract which Should be entered into 4 as aforesaid Should be binding on His Majesty's Heirs or Successors,

4 or should be carried into Effect unless and until the same should be 4 sanctioned and confirmed by Act of Parliament; and whereas by an 4 Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present 48 G. 0. c. xciii. 4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Triplets certain Estates*and Property in Ireland of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of 1 Ormonde and Offory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England,

4 which have not been fold or disposed of under and by virtue of Two 4 Acts of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth and Forty fifth Tears of 4 His present Majesty*t Reign (by which said Act of the Thirty fifth

T 2 4 Yea*

376 C. ioi. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

4 Year of His present Majesty certain Estates and Effects of the Wd 4 Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory in Ireland\ including the said

Butlerage audPrisage, were velltd in Trustees, and by which said 4 Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty the Right 4 Honourable John Earl of Ennijhllen and the Right Honourable 4 Maurice Fitzgerald were fubllituted Trustees in the Room of the 4 Trustees of the said former Act); after reciting that the Trusts of ' the said lull mentioned A dt were not then completed, and that the ' said John Earl of Enn jlillcn and the said Maurice Fitzgerald, the 4 Trustees therein named, were desirous of being discharged therefrom, and that the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory was desirous 4 that new Trustees should be appointed to act in the Trulls of the said recited Acts of Parliament, in the Room of the said John Earl 4 of Ennijlillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, but that no Provision had

/l.c.l.vxxi*': . 4 been rnade in either of the said Acts of the Thirty tilth and Forty 4 lifth Years of His present Majesty for that Purpose: It was, therefore, by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty enacted, That the said John Earl of Ennijhilleu 4 and Maurice Fitzgerald should he, and they the said John Earl of 4 Ennilhilleti and Maurice Fitzgerald were thereby from thenceforth 4 absolutely and for ever relealed and discharged of and from all and 4 every the Ufcs, Trulls, Powers and Authorities then vested in 4 them by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty fifth of His present Majesty, and the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His said 4 present Majesty, so far a9 it affected or concerned the said John 4 Earl of Enniskillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, was 4 thereby repealed and declared null and void: And it was by the said 4gG. a. c. x in c of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty further ena died, that William Morlan I and John Hosier of Pall Mall, in the 4 County of Middlesex, Efauires, Charles Butler of Lincolns Inn, in the same County, Barrister at Law, and Job Hart Price Clarke y 4 then of Montague Street, in the same County, Esquire, and their 4 Heirs, Should be, and they the said William Morlandy John Hojiery 4 Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarkey were thereby appointed 4 Trustees in the Place and Stead of the said John Earl of Enniskillen 4 and Maurice Fitzgerald; and all such Parts of the Ellates, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, Ellates,

Effects Hereditaments and Premises of what Nature and Kind

1 faevor, comprized in the said recited Acts or either of them, which

4 had not been fold or disposed of for the Purposes of the said re-

x cited Acts or either of them, were thereby veiled in the said William Morlandy John Hosier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price 4 Clarke, and their Heirs, upon such and the same Trusts, and to and 4 for such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Estates 4 and Interests, and with such and the same Powers and Provifoe*, 1 and to and for the same Intents and Purposes as in the said recited 4 Act of the Thirty fifth of His present Majesty are mentioned or

declared concerning the Hereditaments ana Premises therein mentiof.ed, and in as full, extensive and absolute manner, to all Intents 4 and Purposes, a* the same were veiled in the said John Earl of En. 4 tijjlillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, or such and so 4 many of them as Should be then fubfilling, undetermined and capk-

.o, 1 hie of taking Effpdt: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date

amTSurrcude^of*the tFourteeatk Day of May in ^he Year of our Lord One thousand

4 eight

.A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C ioi.

eight hundred and ten, and made or exprefTed to be made between

the Right Honourable John Foster, Chancellor of His Majesty's' 4 Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain*

4 called Ireland, the Right Honourable Sir George Fitzgerald Hill 4 Baronet, and the Right Honourable John Barry* Commissioners

of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland* of the First Part; the said William Morland* John Hosier* Charles Butler and Job Hart Price 4 Clarke, of the Second Part; and the said Walter Eail of Ormonde 4 and OJfory of the Third Part; reciting the federal Matters herein-

before recited, they the said John Foster, Sir George Fitzgerald Hill 4 and John Barry* as Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, in

purfti'ince uf the hereinbefore recited Act of Parliament passed in

the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, did

on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, contract and

agree with the said William Morland* John Hosier, Charles Butler 4 and Job Hart Price Clarke, by and with the Consent of the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* (fjgnified by his being a Party

to and executing the said Indenture) for the absolute Purchase and

Surrender from the Day of the Execution of the Deed of Conveyanceby the said Commissioners of such Estate, Right, Title and In-

terest, as the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* or his said Trustees, hath or have in the aforesaid Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in all 4 Ireland* for the Price or Sum of Two hundred and ftxceen thousand Pounds Sterling Info Currency: Ar.d it was by the said Indenture agreed and declared by and between the Parties to the said Indenture that the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* William Morland* John Hosier* Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke* 4 should forthwith, after the said Contract should be approved of by 4 Parliament, produce a good and satisfactory Title to the said Prisage and Butlerage; and by proper Deeds, Conveyances and A fluranees convey or surrender the same, or cause the same to be conveyed 4 or surrendered to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and 4 Successors, absolutely and free from all Charges and Incumbrances 4 whatsoever 5 and it is by the said Indenture declared and agreed by 4 and between the Parties to the said Indenture, that the said Sum of 4 Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling should be paid 4 to the said William Morland* John Hosier* Charles Butler and Job 4 Hart Price Clarke* their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, by the Commissioners of the Treasury on the Day of the Execution of the said Deed of Conveyance by the said John Foster* Sir George 4 Fitzgerald Hill and John Barry; and that, until the Execution of the said Conveyance and Surrender, the said Prisage and Butlerage, and the accruing Income and Profits of the same should belong 4 to and be received by the said William Morland* John Hosier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke* their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, as Trustees under the said recited Act of the 4 Forty eighth Year aforesaid: And it is by the said Indenture provided and declared by and between the Parties thereto, that nothing 4 therein contained shall be binding upon them or any of them, unless 4 the same should, within the Space of Two Years, to be computed 4 from the Twentieth Day of December then last, bt sanctioned and 4 confirmed by Parliament: and whereas the Mayor, Sheriffs and 4 Commonalty of the City of Cork have, by their Petition to the 4 House of Commons, claimed all the Prisage of Wines in all Bays,

T J 4 Creeks

*77

Prifajrr, liy the Earl of Ormonde and hit Tnidrfr, May 14, ]*U>. lor '210, 0001.

40 G. 3. c. 94*

4JB G. 9. f. xcfll.

Claim of Corporation of Cork 10 Prisage.

a-jS

C. ioi.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810,

Control wlih Ix*rl Ormonde confirmed, ful>-

je£ 10 Pro\iftons of this Act.

Fnfage veiled in His Majesty liee of all Claim.

l\trcliafe Money chargeable on C otiiolidated Fund.

On Execution of Conveyance 2 16 , 000l. to he inv«fle*l, for the Furpose of this Act, with Con-feut of Earl of Ormonde and his Trailed.

4 Creeks and Strands within the Port of the said City; and it is 4 possible that similar Claims may be made within other Ports of Ireland: And whereas it would be of great public Benefit that the 4 Piifage and Butlerage of Wines Should be forthwith extinguiffied 4 within and through every Port in Ireland\ and within and through 4 every Creek, Bay and Strand thereof ; Be it therefore enabled by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this* present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said hereinbefore recited Contrail and Agreement for the Pmchafe and Surrender of the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and his said Trustees, of, in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in all Ireland^ shall be, and the same is hereby sanctioned, ratified, confirmed ami established, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Regulations in this present Act contained; and that immediately from and after the Execution of the Conveyance in the said recited Contrail mentioned, which Conveyance shall contain a full Conveyance of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into all or any Port, Haven, Creek, River, or ether Pluce in Ireland, all Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland* and all Compositions, Duties, and other Payments in lieu of or on account of such Prisage and Butlerage shall for ever thenceforth be absolutely veiled iu His Majesty, his Heir3 and Successors, free and clear, and for ever exempted, exonerated and discharged of and from all Rights, Titles, Interelb, Claim and Demand whatsoever of any Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whomsoever; and that immediately from and after the Execution of such Conveyance, the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, shall be issuing out of, and shall be charged and chargeable on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland* and shall be issued and paid accordingly in manner and under the Regulations in this Act contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution of the Deed of Conveyance and Surrender of the said Prisage and Butlerage from the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory andbisTrustees, by the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, ana his Trustees, or the Survivor of such Trustees, and by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds shall, by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, with the Consent of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, be inverted at Interest in Treasury Bills, or in such other Government Securities as the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, shall approve, in the Name or Names of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, or any Three of them for the time being, and the Principal, Interest and Proceeds of the said Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities, shall be accounted for, applied and paid over by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for the time being for the Purposes of this Act, in manner «nd under the Regulations and at the times in this Act in that Behalf mentioned and directed.

C. ior.

50° GEO. III.

279

III. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Ac- Acquittance of quittances, or Receipt or Receipts of the said William Mor land, Truflew, &c. for John Hotter, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Per- ofQ ] 6^ooooTto " son or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the said Sum of Two be a vajjd Dif_ hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, under the Provisions of this c.iarge,

Act contained, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Sum, or of so much thereof as (nail be thereby acknowledged to be by them or him received, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Sum and every Part thereof shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, Fees, and other Charges whatsoever.

IV. Provided alway8, and be it further enacted, That, for trying or por tfrerta; ni*-

ascertaining any Right or Claim which the said Mayor, Sheriffs and the Rhjht oi ih«

Commonalty of the said City of Cork, or any other Person or Per- Corpomiion of fons. Body o- Bodies Po'iticlc or Corporate, may^alledge or make ( ork» or udier of or to the Prisage or Butlerage of Wines, or any Part, Share or or

+Proportion thereof, in any Port or Ports of Ireland, or in any Bay, Creek or Strand within any Part or in any Place or Places in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the said City of Cork, and to and for all and every

or any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall alledge any such Right or make any such Claim, to have the Subject of such Claim tried at Law in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in Ireland\ at the Option of the Claimant or Claimants, by an Action to be brought by such Claimant or Claimants against the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury o^Ireland for the time being; and the said Earl of Ormonde and OJf.ry and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, upon an Issue whether the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, or other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall alledge any such Right or make any such Claim respectively, are or is entitled to any Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in any Bays, Creeks or Strands within the Port of the said City of Cork, any way happening, or in any other Port or Ports of Ireland, or in any Bay, Creek or Strand thereof, or in any Place or Places in Ireland to be named in such Issue, as the case may require 5 and that in any such Action the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the said City of Cork or other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corpo* rate, who shall alledge any such Right or make any such Claim as aforesaid, shall be Plaintiffs at Law; and the Lorjl High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Loid High Treasurer for the time being, together with the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his said Trustees or the Survivor of them, shall be Defendants at Law; and such Defendants shall without Delay name an Attorney or Attornies respectively to appear to and to accept a Declaration and* plead to Iffne; and such Issue, if the Parties shall differ, shall be settled by the Mailer or the proper Officer of the Court in which any such Proceedings shall be had; and all and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed in every such Action for the Trial of such Claim, so as to have the same tried and determined before a special Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at any time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as the Court shall think fit to appoint

; So

If fu'U Uigl'l rihiMifh*!, then V.-.hie ascertained r^'ier by A^rce-rm it or by Verdict of a Jury.

Cost*.

On such Agree? went or Verditl Treasury to pay Amount of Pi> Wages.

C.ioi. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810*

and after Verdifl on any such Issue, Judgment shall be given by such Court with Costs as usual in common Cases.

V. And be it further enacted, That if such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall fully and satisfactorily establish such Right, or any Right in the Premises, though not to the full Extent; then, and in every such case, the Price and Value of such Prisage or Butlerage, or of such Part, Share or Pro* portion thereof, the Right to which shall be so establi(bed as aforesaid, shall be also ascertained at the said Trial in case all the Parties at such Trial shall so agree; but in case all the said Parties shall not so agree, then the said Price and Value shall be afeertaiued as follows, that is to say; if by any Instrument in Writing, to be made and executed by and between the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so establishing his, her or their Right as aforesaid, of the First Part; the said William Morland, John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivors and Survivor of them, or the Heirs orAffigns of such Survivor, with the Consent of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory or his Heirs, of the Second Part; and any Thrfce Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, of the Third Part; the Price and Value thereof shall be ascertained, declared and agreed upon under their respective Hands and Seals; then the same shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken as and for the Price and Value thereof to all Intents and Purposes, and shall he paid in manner hereinafter mentioned, together with the Cod9 (if any); but if the said Parties should not so agree, then the same shall in every such case be ascertained as follows, that is to say; an Action shall be brought by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having so established such Right as aforesaid, for the ascertaining of the Amount of such Price or Value against the Person or Persons being Defendants in the said first mentioned Action, in which Action for ascertaining such Price or Value the Venue shall be laid in the County of the City of DnbRn; and it shall be lawful for all Parties to proceed in such Action for ascertaining such Price or Value as aforesaid, in like manner as in the former Case of the Action for the Trial of the Right as aforesaid, pr as nearly thereto as the Case will admit; and upon such Trial it shall be lawful for the Jury to ^ive a Verdict for the Defendants, or for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, with Damages, and the Court shall give Judgment thereon with Cods, as usual in common cases.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Agreement shall be made, or such Verdict and Judgments shall be given for such Price or Value, then within Fourteen Days after the Execution of such Agreement, or after the Ptoduction and Delivery of a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which any such Trial shall be had, signifying that such Verdi A sod Judgment had been given, and the Amount of the Damages thereon, which said Certificate the said Officer or Officers is and are hereby required to give, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby required to issue and pay to and to the Use of the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork9 or to and to jhe yfp of such other Person or Persons, Qr Body or Bodies Politick

or Corporate, as by virtue of any such Agreement or VerdiA and Judgment shall be entitled to any such Damages or Sum or Sums of Money, the Amount of such Damages and Sum and Sums of Money respectivefv.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Court before whom any Trials shall be had under this Act shall he cJiflati.-lied with any Verdict to be given on any such Trial, then, and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for such Court to grant a new or further Trial upon the same I Hue, upon Application of the Party complaining of such Verdict within the time allowed in common Cases for Motions for new Trials; and that if any of the Defendants in any Action to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this Act shall die, or cease to hold their Offices, pending the same, such Action shall not abate by reaion thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such VerdiA and Judgment thereon shall be binding and conclusive upon and again! the Parties on the Trial of any such KTue, and upon and against all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, claiming or to claim Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in the Port or Place relating to which any such Issue shall be tried as aforesaid; and that if the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatever, claiming or to claim any Right, Title or Interest in or to the Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, or any Parts, Share or Proportion thereof, shall omit or neglect to proceed to the Trial of the several Jiffies for determining their Right therein in manner aforesaid, and also for ascertaining the Price or Value as aforesaid if necessary; and if such Trials shall not be had, and VerdiAs and Judgments thereon refprAively given, or Agreement made for ascertaining such Price or Value as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, respecting whose Right and Damages, Trials shall not be had, and VerdiAs and Judgments shall not be given, or Agreement made as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be deemed and taken to have abandoned all Claim, Right and Title to such Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, or any Share or Proportion thereof#-and shall be for ever thenceforth barred and precluded from all Benefit of any such Claim; and from demanding, taking or receiving any Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in any Port or Place in Ireland, any Law, Charter, (Jfage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case no such Trial shall be had, nor any VerdiA given for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on any such Issue as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treaffirer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treaffirer for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay, and to deliver over to the said William Mori and, John Iloficry Churl" $vt(cc V*d Job Hart Price Clarke* and the Survivor

of

N<?\r Trial.

VerUicUlmuHag.

All Clairra of Prisage not determined before Jan. 1, IS U', barred.

Trrafttry to pay the whole Q 16, 0001. to the Trusteea, or so much thereof a# shall remain after Payment of Damage*.

C. ioi

A.D. 1810.

*8*

50° GEO. III.

of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, or the Securities (if any) in which the same shall have been inverted as aforesaid, together with such Interest as may have accrued on such Securities up to the time of their paying and delivering over the same as aforesaid; and in case any such Trial or Trials shall have been had, and a VerdiA and Judgment given for Damage's to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, at any time before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for the time being respectively, to issue and pay and deliver over to the said William Morland, John Hosier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators and Ailigns, so much and such Sum or Sums of Money or Securities as aforesaid, as together with any Sum or Sums of Money paid or payable to any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as aforesaid in consequence of any such Verdict and Judgment for Damages as afor said, or of any Agreement to be made as aforesaid, shall amount to the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and fi<-teen thousand Pounds, or to the whole Produce of the Securities in which the same shall have been inverted in manner aforesaid, with Interest on such Securities as aforesaid.

Twafury, on X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any time after the

Execution of Execution as aforesaid of such Deed of Conveyance and Surrender Conveyance may of the said Prisage and Butlerage from the said Earl of Ormonde and advance not ex- OJfory, and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, it shall be lawful for the Lid Lord High ai6 ooool tlk: nir Treasurer Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office

Indemnityagainst Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay and advance any Claim, Lc. to the said William Morland, John Hofter, Charles Butler and J'J Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, any Sum or Sums oi Money not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Two Third Parts of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, upon receiving from the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, such Security or Securities as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners as aforesaid shall think suficient, fully and amply to indemnify the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners from and against all and every Claim and Claims of any and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in any Port or Place in Ireland, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, and from arid against any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Costs to be paid to any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in Recompence of any such Claim beyond the Amount of such Part of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds as shall not be paid and fuivanced to the said Trustees in manner aforesaid; and in case it shall happen that any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Costs to be paid on account of or in recompence for any such Claim or Claims in consequence of any Verdict or Judgment or Agreement gs hereinbefore mentioned, shall exceed the Amount of such Part of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds at shall pot be paid and advanced to the said Trustees; then, and in such f Calc»

A.D. 1810.

5o# GEO. III. C. toi, io2*

Case, such Exceft of the Sum mod Sums fa to be paid, with Io-terest thereon from the time of Payment thereof reipc&ively, shall stand and be a Charge on all and every the Estates now veiled in the said William Morland % John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, under the aforesaid Acts of Parliament, or any of them, except such Part of the said Estates of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJbry as may be excepted from or not included in the Security to be required by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commif-ftoners as aforesaid, in Priority to any Debts or Debt in the said Acts or any of them mentioned and provided to be paid as aforesaid which shall then remain unpaid, and shall and may be sued for and recovered thereout, with Intereil and Cods, by and in the Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by their said Name of Office respectively, either at Law or in Equity, in the same manner in all Refpc&s as any Mortgagee in Fee Simple may proceed for Recovery of his Principal, Intereil and Costs; and no Change of any of the said Commissioners pending any such Suit or Proceeding, shall in any way affVdl the same; and the net Sum recovered shall be paid into His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, and shall become and be Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

CAP. CIL

An Act for the more effectually preventing the adminifler'ng and taking of unlawful Chths in Ireland; and for the Protection of Magillratcs and Witnesses in Criminal Cases.

[20th June 1810.]

1 TT^HEREAS divers wicked and evil disposed Persons have

V? from time to time attempted to feducc several of His Ma-

jessy's Subjt&s in Ireland from their Duty and Allegiance to His

Majesty, and to associate them under the pretended Obligations of«Oaths unlawfully adminillered Be it eua&ed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person AiIrainHlering m or Persons who at any time after the passing of this Act shall admi- taking Oaths for nifter or cause to be adminillered, tender or catife to be tendered,

or be present aiding and afiilling at the administering or tendering, I'01"* or who shall by Threats, Promises, Perfuaflons, or other undue Means, cause, procure or induce to be taken by any Person or Persons in Ireland^ upon a Book or otherwise, any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person or Persons taking the same to be of any Association, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy whatsoever, in reality formed cr to be formed for seditious Purposes, or to diftu/6 ihe Publick Peace, or to injure the Persons or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or tq compel any Person or Persons whatsoever, to do or omit 'or rc-fufe to do any Act or Acts whatsoever, under whatever Name,

Description or Pretence such Association, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy shall afliime or pretend to be formed qr conilituted, or any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person taking the same to obey the Orders or Rules or Commands of any Committee or other Body of Men not lawfully con-

6 ftituted.

C. 102.

A*Dt 181 o.

Jsot h fuming.

T\imshment,

Ireland, Punifli-

ment.

Nreeflfity not to j unify Offenders, unlcfo they g»ve Information to a

Julliec.

Ai»lrr» nnd

deemed Friiu iyil*.

I'urport of Oath fufhci»'m in In-c it in ent.

5°*

6E0. III.

ftituted, or of toy Captain, Leader or Commander (not appointed by or under the Authority of His Majesty, his Heirt and Successors) or to assemble at the Defne and Command of any such Captain, Leader, Commander or Committee, or of any Person or Persons not having lawful Authority, or not to inform or give Evidence against any Brother, Associate, Confederate or other Person, or not to reveal or discover his or her having taken any illegal Oath, or not to reveal or discover any illegal Act done or to be done, or not to discover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may be admini-flered or tendered to him or her, or the Import thereof, whether such Oath shall be afterwards so cdminiftcred or tendered or not, or whether he or she shall take such Oath or enter into such Engagement or not, being by due Course of Law convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and be transported for Life; and every Person who shall take, in Ireland, any such Oath or Engagement, importing so to bind him or her as aforesaid, and being by due Course of Law thereof convisted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years.

II. Provided always, That any Person or Persons who may have been compelled by inevitable Necefiity to commit any of the Offences aforesaid, upon Proof of such inevitable Necefiity, shall be excused and justified, provided that no such inevitable Necefiity shall justify or excuse ary such Person or Persons, unless he, (he or they shall, within Ten Days, if not prevented by actual Force or Sickness, and then within Seven Days after such actual Force or Sickness shall cease to disable him, her or them from giving Information of the same, difclofc to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the County in which he, file or they (hill then he, by Information on Oath, the Whole of what he, file or they know touching the compelling him, her" or them, to commit any such Offence, and of the Person or Persons by whom he, file or they were compelled to commit such Offence, and who were present at the time such Offence was committed, and of the Place where the same was committed: Provided however, that no Person shall he so excluded from the Defence of inevitable Necefiity, who shall be tried for the said Offence within the said Period of Ten Days from the Commission of such Offence, or of Seven Days from the time when such Force or Sickness shall cease as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons present, aiding and assisting at the adminiileting or tendering of any such Oath or Engagement, and all Persons causing any such Oath or Engagement to be adminificred or tendered, though not present, shall be deemed principal Offenders, arid tried as such, though the Person or Persons who actually adminillered or tendered such Oath or Engagement shall not have been tried or convicted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Indictment to be found against any Person for adminiilering, tendering or taking such Oath or Engagement, to set out the Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to set forth therein the Purport or ObjeCl of such Oath or Engagement.

V. And whereas it has happened th-t Persons who have given

Information against Persons accused of Crimes in Ireland, have been

murdered before Trial of Persons accused, in order to prevent their

A.D.iSio*

jo* GEO. III.

C. io*.

$8$

givrag Evidence, and to effect the Acquittal of the Accused ; Be it declared and enabled. That if any Person who hath given or shall jnve Information or Examination upon Oath against any Person or Persons for any Offence against the Laws* hath been or shall, before the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination hath been or shall be given* be murdered or violently put to Death, or so maimed or forcibly carried away and secreted as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial of the Person or Persons against whom such Information or Examination was given, the Information or Examination of such Person so taken on Oath shall be admitted in all Courts of Justice in Ireland as Evidence on the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Information or Examination of a Witness fecieted shall not be Evidence, unless it shall be found* on a collateral I flue, to be put to the Jury trying the Prisoner, that the Person so secreted was secreted by the Person then on Trial, or by some Person or Persons acting for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear that any Person having given Information or Evidence against any Person or Persons charged with any Offence against the publick Peace, shall have been murdered or maimed previous to the Trial of the Person or Persons accused by such Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any such Evidence given, or that any Magistrate or other Peace Officer shall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions as such Magistrate or Peace Officer to bring Dif-turb^rs of the publick Peace to Justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a Town or County of a City within which such Murder or maiming shall have been committed respectively, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think just and reasonable to be paid to the personal Re-_prelentative of (itch Witness, Magistrate or Peace Officer who shall be murdered, or to such Witness, Magi it rate or Peace Officer who shall be maimed, having Regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation and Cir^umstances of such Witness, Magistrate or Peace Officer, to be raffed on the County at large, Barony, Half Barony or Parish in which such Murder or maiming shall respectively have been perpetrated, at the Discretion <ff such Grand Jury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland to arrest and bring before him, or cause to be arrested or brought before him, any Stranger, fojoimiing or wandering, and to examine him or her on Oath respecting his or her Place of Abode, the Place from whence he or she came, his or her manner of Livelihood, and his or her ObjeA or Motive for remaining or coming into the County, City or Town in which he or she shall be found, and unless he or she shall answer to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate, or produce sufficient Security for his or her good Behaviour, such Magistrate shall commit him or her to Gaol or the House of Correction, there to remain until he or she shall find such Security as aforesaid, or until he or she shall be discharged by such Magistrate: Provided always, that such Magi-Urate shall, without Delay, after such Committal, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for

Informal inn* of Person* who Iodide Examinations, and 0oil 1 be murder d, &c, admitted as Evidence.

Where a Wlt-ncf*, &c. maimed On account of Evidence, &c. Grand Jury may present a Sum lor fu< h Person, nr their Ileprcfcu-utive.

rater rr*y arrest Stranger*, and examine them on Oath, and transmit RcjKirt to I^ord Lieutenant

A.D.iSid.

0.102, 103. 50° GEO. III.

may

aA i adjacent Counties, &c*

Towers of extended to all Magiltaitw.

Limitation of Actions.

General I flue.

Treble Gift*.

for tke time being, a true and faithful Report of such Committal, and the Grounds and Reasons thereof, the Amount of Bail required, with the Examination of the Prisoner, and the Reasons alledged by him why he or she should not be committed, which such Magistrate is required to take down in Writing, in order that such Perfop may be detained or discharged, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being may seem right.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Magistrates of the adjacent Counties at large respectively, to execute this Act within the several Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin; and in like manner, that the several Magistrates of such Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns shall have like Powers to execute this Act in the adjacent Counties at large.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magistrates of Counties at large, under and by this Act, shall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magistrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Plaint or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or laid within the County where the Act was committed; and such Person so sued may plead the General I flue of Not Guilty, and upon Issue joined, may give this Act and the.fprcial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plain-iff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Coils.

CAP. CIIT.

An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland \ and for re-enacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments.

[_20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Provisions by Law established for building', repairing and regulating the different Prisons in Ireland, have been found insufficient, and are comprized in several Acts of

Parliament, some of which relate chiefly' to other Subjcfts For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, the several Acts and Parts of Acts of Parliament here following; (that is to say, an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign

17 & is Car. 2. of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Poor V 8 a 'Prisoners 5 An Act passed in the Tenth Year of King William tht 3*'Third, intituled, An Act for regulating the Fees of the Marshal of the

Fnnr Courts, and for settling the Rates of Lodgings, and Redress of other Alufes in the said Marshalsea, and tn the Marjlalfea of the City

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. 103.

#/Dublin; So much of in Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better preventing the Severities and unjuji Exactions prauifed by Gaolers against their Prisoners v and for more effectually supporting Profeeutions at the Suit of the Crown in Cases of Felony and Treason, as relates to the Fees and Conduct of Gaolers, and the Regulation and Improvement of Gaols; so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Grand Juries to raise by Preferment Money for discharging the Rents of Court Housest Gaols and Offices, for keeping the Records of the respective Counties, and for other Purposes % as relates to the Gaols and Workhouses or Hcufet of Correction; an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reiirn of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preferring the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty tirft and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intit uled. An Act for reviving, continuing and amending several temporary Statutes, as relates to the Allowance of Bread to Prisoners; so much of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act for enforcing the due Execution of the Laws now in being, and for th; better regulating the Publick Gaols and Pr fons in th rs Kingdom, and providing necessary Accommodation for the Persons confined therein, and for the more eJfeQual Administration of Jujlicc at Sffi aiSy an I by Ju ft ices of the Peace in Cities and Counties of Cities within this Kingdom, as relates to Gaols or Gaolers, or any Presentment for the same; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual the Laws now in beings for regulating and managing the Publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom, as relates to the building, repairing and regulating Gaols or to Gaolers; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of thr Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A l for nuking, widening and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealin'* Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose, as relates to any Presentment fur any of the Matters for which Prefen' men's are nuth >rized by this Act; an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more effeQuaVy into force the several Laws now in being for regulating the Publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom; so much of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act to enable the Grand furies of the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns within this Kingdom, to grant fuel) Sums as lb all be neessary for building and repairing Bridewtlls therein, as relates to the building, repairing or Government of Bridewells, or as to the Accommodations therein or to the Keepers thereof; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said first mentioned Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Re*gn of His present Majesty, as relates to any Prisons or Medicines for the same, or any Inspectors, Phyluians or other Officers thereof; an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts in Dublin 5 so much of an Act passedn the said Year, intituled, An Act respeQing the ColieQion of Publick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Presentment, M relates to the repairing of Gaols, and the Salary of the Chaplain

or

*87

3 G.3 (I.) c. 18. 7 G. 3. (I.) e.4.

17 & 18 G. 3.

(I.) C. 38.

31 & 93 O. 3. (1.) c. 40.

31&3lG.S.(l.) C. 43.

33 &34G.3. (I>) C. 42.

26G.3.(I.)c«14.

26G.3.(I.)c.27.

36G.3.(I.)c.4>.

37 G.3.(I.)c.39-

33G.3.(I.}c.3S» 38G.3.(I.)c.6.

A

288

A.D.iEi#

C. 103; 50° GEO. III.

or Ordinary of the New Prison in Dublin 5 and so much of an Act 39G.4.(I.)c.*3. passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to pr emote the building of new Gaols, as relates to the building of Gaols; all which said Acts were parted in Ireland; 49 0 c. xx. and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act of Par* liament of Ireland, puffed in the Thirty third Year of His prefer.t Md-je/ly9 intituled, An Act respecting the Collection of Publicl Hloney9 to Ic levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Presentmentj and for the better Regulation of the Mode of I Ac cl on and Ofice of Treasurer of the Pullick Money of the City of Dublin, as relates to the Bills of Apothecaries for Medicines and Neeertaries provided for Pri-i). foncMS, or to any Presentment for the lame; lliail be repealed: Save so far as the f: id Acts or any of them repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein; and also save and except as to any Proceeding for the Puniffiment of any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Offence or Offences which lliail before the Commencement of this Act have been committed against any One or more of the said AHs; and also save and except that all and every Presentment and Presentments made by any Grand Jury, and all and every Appointment or Appointments of any Officer or Officers or other Person to perform any Duties under the said recited Acts or any of them, and ail and every Ad and Deed or Acts and Deeds which on or before the said Day ffiali have been lawfully made or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the said Acts, shall Hand and be of the same Force, Validity and Effcd (iinlefs herein expressly otherwise provided) as if this Act had not parted; ar.d also save and except that all and every Medicines, Ne-ceflaries, Materials or Workmanship, which shall have been lawfully furniffied or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the said Acts, ffiali be paid for in the same manner in all respects as if this Act had not parted.

Vrt- II. And be it enacted, That every Gaol, Bridewell, House of r.r^hnnt Correction, Marffialsea, Penitentiary House, SherifPs Prison and other (.lofiWof I'ri- Prisons in Ireland, of what Nature or Kind soever the same ffiali be, f, Mel's, au«l other ffiali con fid of. Two separate Parts, One for Male, and One for Fe-.'ViommuU* male Prisoners, with a complete Division between them so as to prevent any Intercourse between the said Male ar.d Female Prisoners; and that to each of the said Parts there ffiali be annexed and belong, ing a Yard of sufficient Dimensiong to enable the said Prisoners to have the Benefit of freffi Air and Exercise therein; and that in every such Yard there ffiali be a Bath, and also a Necessary House or Privy to which such Prisoners respectively ffiali have free Access at all times as far as the same can be conrtltently with the safe keeping of such Prisoners; and that there ffiali be in every such Yard a good Water Pump; and that in every such Prison there ffiali be a Common Hall or Kitchen for Males and another for Females; and that in every County Gaol there ffiali at the Male Side be Two Yards provided as aforesaid, One for Debtors and King's Evidence and the other for Prisoners accused of Crimes; and Three Common Halls, One for Debtors and King's Evidence, One for Persons charged with Treason or Felony and One for Persons charged with or com victed of inferior Offences; and that the Apartments for the Prisoners in every such Prison ffiali be dry and airy, and ffiali if poilible be so

8 numeiout

A.D. 1810«

50° GEO. III.

C.103.

289

numerous as to afford a separate Room or Cell for each Prisoner to Deep in, and that in every Inch Prison there shall be One or more Room or Rooms, Cell or Cells, according to the Size of such Prison, fit for the Reception and solitary Confinement of Persons of insane Mind, or of outrageous Behaviour, as also a Chapel or Room appropriated for Religious Purposes, and One or more Infirmary or Infirmaries, or Room or Rooms for the Reception of Sick Prisoners, with suitable Rooms or Closets belonging thereto respectiirely; and also One or more Room or Rooms fit for and which, shall be appropriated to the Exercise of Trades and Industry; and it shall not be lawful to build any Gaol or other Prison in Ireland which shall not be on such a Plan and df such Dimensions as to afford ail and evejy the Accommodations and Advantages aforesaid respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Expence of build- Expencei of

ing, purchasing, procuring, altering, enlarging and repairing the &c*

Marmalfea of the Four Courts in Dublin, and all and every Peniten- lh*Four'courts tiary House or Houses in Ireland shall be discharged, and all and ant| Penitentiary' every Rent payable for or in respect thereof, or of the Ground or Houses an I Rent Appurtenances thereof respectively, shall be paid out of the Confo- raid out of Con-lidated Fund of Ireland\ and the said Expences of all County Pri- wlidated fund of fons, whether Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, Sheriffs'

Prisons or otherwise, shall be defrayed by the respective Counties,

Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, by Preferments on the Gaols, &c paid said Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, to be made by Prefcutrajuts. by the Grand Juries thereof respectively; (to wit) in the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at the presenting Terms, and in the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their respective Assizes, save as hereinafter particularly mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Presentments by this Act required Presentmeiu in

to be made in the County and County of the City of Dublin for the Dubliu to be in Purposes of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents addition to all and Purposes, and shall and may be paid and applied to the Purposes l J

of this Act, in addition to the Amount of any Presentments which

may by Law be made in the said County and County of the City under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the tii*e of the passing of this Act.

V. Ar.d he it enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful to and for Lord Lieutenant the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland toorder eularg-for the time being, to order and direct, whenever he or they shall

think proper, that the said Marshalsea of the Four Courts shall be^c*

altered, enlarged or repaired, or that a New Marshalsea shall be built on the same or any other Scite or Situation, am! on any Plan comprizing the Accommodations and Advantages in that respect before mentioned, which he or they shall think proper, and irt like manner that any Penitentiary House or Houses fh »ll be built, altered, enlarged or repaired at such time or times on such Plan or Plans comprizing the said Advantages, and in such Place or Places as he or they shall think proper, and to issue his and their Order to the Board of Works for the executing of such Work accordingly, who shall cause the

same to be executed according to such Order, in such by Contract or otherwise, as shall be directed by such

same to be executed according to such Order, in such whether

by Contract or otherwise, as shall be directed by such r, and for Default of such Direction, then in such way as the said Board shall

think proper.

Geo. III.

U

VI. And

103.

A.U.lKlO.

50* gjlu. ui.

Expenrvs for Coumy Prisons paid by Presentment on Co untie*.

Pipes to be laid

doH'U.

Tmvcrfe to Pre-fcntinenc.

'Smn found by Grand Jury tendered.

VI, And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries aforesaid, at the Affixes and Presenting Terms respectively, and they are hereby required from time to time to enquire into the State of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, and other Prisons of their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and if they shall find them or any of them in want of Repair or deficient in any of the Accommodations or Advantages aforesaid, they are hereby empowered and required to present such Sum or Sums as shall be deemed necessary to remedy such Deficiency, whether by enlarging or altering the same, or by providing a New Prison in lieu thereof, or by building any new and additional Bridewell or Bridewells or House or Houses of Correction, or to effectuate such Repair as may be necessary, and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, finifiiing, repairing, altering or enlarging any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison as aforesaid, or any Buildings or Convcniencies belonging thereto, at a certain Sum, Payment or Allowance for the same, such Contractor or Contractors giving sufficient Security by Recognizance in double the Sum to be contracted for, and to be approved of by fn^h Grand Jury for the due Performance thereof, to the respective Clerks of the Peace for such County, County of a City or County of a Town; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at any A Hues or Prcfentirtg Term to present One or more Main or Mains or Pipes, of such Bote er Bores as they shall think proper, to be laid in the most convenient Line to convey Water to any such Gaol or other Prison whenever they shall find it possible and deem it expedient so to do, and shall have the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Water so to be conveyed, and accordingly at all times to convey Water through the same, and to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for the Purpose, and also to present at each Spring Assizes or Easier Term a reasonabie Sum to be raised upon the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and paid as a Rent for the Use of the Water to be so conveyed, if the same shall be demanded: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons shall think they may be injured by the passing of such Pipes or Watercourses through their Lands, they may at the said Term or Assizes or at the Term or Assizes immediately following, enter in open Court a Travcrfe to the said Preferment, and the Jury trying such Travcrfe fhttll true Verdict give, whether any and what Damage will arise to the Person or Persons so traversing, and the VerditV so found shall be conclusive to the Party or Parties, and either in the same or the next succeeding Term or Assizes the Grand Jury of the said County, County of a City, or County of a Town, may present such Sum so four.d, to be raised upon the County at large and paid to such Traverser or Travelers; and upon the Sum so found being paid or tendered, it shall be lawful for the Overseers or Persons employed by them, to proceed to cause the said Main or Pipe to be laid or Watercourfe to be made; and if any Person or Persons shall at any time obftnid the Overseers or the Person or Persons employed in laying such Main or Pipe or making such Watercourse, and shall be convicted thereof before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, either upon Consession of the Party accused or upon the Oath of One credible Witaefs, every such Person shall, for any such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five

Pounds,

5b0 GEO. ra.

C.103. 291

Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, County of a City Penalty, or County of a Town, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be levied by Di&rels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, upon the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace before whom Complaint shall be made.

VII. And, the better to preserve such Pipe, Main or Watercourse, Damaging Pipes, when laid or made, Be it enabled. That if any Person or Persons

(hill wilfully destroy or injure any Part of the said Pipe or Main or Watercourse, or of any Pipe, Main or Watercourse, through which Water shall be conveyed to any Prison in Ireland, or to any of the Yards or Buildings thereto belonging, so as to prevent the Water from regularly and fully flowing to the same, or shall insert any Cock or Pipe into any Part of such Main, or make any Cut to divert the Water thereof to any other Purpose, and shall upon Indictment be convicted, thereof, he or they shall be committed to the County Gaol, and shall therein remain in close Confinement for One Year, or until he or she shall pay a Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Half thereof Penalty, to the Treasurer of the County, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, and the other Half to the Person or Persons who shall discover and cause the said Offender or Offenders to be convicted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no- PlanofBuiWn* thing in this Act fh til extend to authorize any such Grand Jury or to be epprov<*i Grand Juries, and that it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to by Lord Ueute-begtn to build or rebuild any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Cor- MUt* region, or any other Prison, until the Plan and Scite thereof, and

also the Contrail or Contracts upon which the Came is proposed to be built or rebuilt, shall have been previously agreed to and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and that it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury to vary or depart from the Plan so agreed to and ap-

rrpaired, purchased or taken at a Rent under this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be County Bridewells to all Intents and Purposes, as if built under the Provisions of any of the Acts hereby entirely or m Part repealed.

X. And whereas Fires or other sudden Accidents may happen How G*oU rein any of the said Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other p*rcd in cde cf iVifons, and in such case it may be necessary that such Gaol, Bride- Ac«dent>. well, House of Correction, or other Prison, should be repaired before there can be any Opportunity to mike Provision for the same as aforesaid; Be it enacted, That in case any Fire or other sudden Accident shall happen in any of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other Prisons aforesaid, it shall and may he lawful to and for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to cause an EAunate and Valuation to be then forthwith made of the Sum necessary to be expended on the Repair and Preservation of inch Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, and that thereupon it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more Justices of the Peace for such County, Justices of Pcacp County of a City or County of a Town, after having jointly in- wake Order, fpe&ed the said Damage, to make an Order under their Hands and Seals on the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County

proved.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Bridewells which shall be built, Bridewell*.

U 2

of

t. 103.

5©- UEU. III.

AJJ.lglO.

Vr^fcntmfnt for Kent ni Gaols, Lc.

Pxpences present eti and raised by Half-) early lalUllitenvs.

lord Lieutenant to advance to Trrafuren of Counties the flints prefen led, to be re|«id out of fncli InlUI-mcnis.

of a Town, to pay or advance to any Person or Persons specified in such Order, such Sum or Sums as may be necessary to complete such Repair, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which Sum or Sums the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay, provided he has in his Hands Money of the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, sufficient for that Purpose, which Sum so paid shall be replaced by Presentment to be made for that Purpose, in manner oresaid, at the first Opportunity which shall occur after the Payment thereof.

XI. And be it enacted, That in every County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which a certain Rent is or shall be payable for the Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Part thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, the Grand Juries of such Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns respectively, at their Assizes or Presenting Term, shall prefect yearly such Rents to be raised upon their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns; and the Money so presented and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be raised and paid to such Persons to whom such Rents are or shall be respectively payable, without any Deduction whatsoever.

XII. And be it enacted, That if at any time it shall be thought proper to build a new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, and the Sum which shall be necessary for that Purpose shall be greater than it may be proper to raise on any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in One Half Year, then, and in ever) such Case, it shall be lawful to prefect in the first Instance the whole Sum t^ be expended therein; and to direct in and by such Presentment that the lame shall be taised on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by any Half-yearly or yearly Sums or Inilalments, in manner and at the times therein specified, and the same shall be so raised accordingly: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any subsequent Grand Jury to present that any of the said Instalments shall be increased to any Sum that shall be found necessary or proper.

XIII. And, for the more speedy Completion of any such Work, Be it enacted, That as soon as such Presentment shall be made, or at any time or times after the making of such Presentment, and before the Completion of such Work, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he or they shall think proper so to do, to cause to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of such Presentment, the whole of the Sum so presented, or so much thereof as shall not have been raised or received at the time of such Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof; such Sum or Sums to be applied by such Treasurer to the Purposes of such Presentment, in the same manner ir. all Respects as if the same had been raised by or under the same, and to be repaid by such Treasurer for the time being to the Collector of Excise of the bistrict, but without Interect, out of such Instalment or Infialments as may be specified at the tirre of advancing the same, a Certificate whereof shall be given without Stamp by such Treasurer at the time of receiving fhch Money; and that if any Person

of

50° GEO, III, C. 103. 293

r Persona shall at any time think proper to advance any such Sum or Sums on the said Terms, then, and in every such Case, such Treasurer for the time being shall give* to every Person so making such Advance, a Certificate of such Advance without any Stamp, dating therein out of what yearly or Half-yearly Instalment or Instalments, and in what Proportions, if in more than One Instalment, the same it to be repaid; and the same shall be so repaid accordingly by such Treasurer for the time being, to such Person, his Executors or Admini ft rators.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any Presentment shall be Appointment of made for building, enlarging or altering any Gaol, Bridewell, House Commissionew of Correction, or other Prison as aforesaid, it shall and may be

lawful for the Grand Jury making such Presentment, to appoint not less than Six nor more than Twelve Persons to be Commissioners for causing the said Presentment to be carried into Execution and Efsect; and if they shall not do so, or if any of the Persons so appointed shall die, or shall cease to act as such Commissioner before such Work shall be completed, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any succeeding Grand Jury to appoint such Commissioners, or to complete the Number thereof, as the case may require, or to add to the lame, but so as that there shall not at any one Time be more than Twelve such Commissioners; and any Three or more of such Commissioners shall be in all Cases com* petent to do any Ad which the Whole of the said Commissioners qould or might lawfully do.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners after Graml June* such Presentment made as aforesaid shall give Notice of such Pre- n»y make I on-fentment having been made Three Times at lead in some publick*&* Newspaper circulating in or near the County, County of a City or

County of a Town, of their Intention of contracting with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, repairing, finifiiing, altering or enlarging any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Pnfon, or for the laying such Main or Pipe to such Gaol*

Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison as aforesaid, or for doing any Part or Parts of any such Work, and every such Contract or Contracts shall be made at the mod reasonable Price or Prices which shall be proposed by such Contraftor or Contractors, as shall be deemed by the said Commissioners the most proper and reftponfible Persons to carry such Contract or Contracts into Execution respectively; and all Contract or Contracts when agreed upon and confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in manner aforesaid, (nail be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, which Book, when such Works are completed, shall by the said Clerk to the Commissioners be delivered to the respective Clerks of the Peace for the time being, who are hereby required to keep the same among the Records of tho County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be from time to time inspected at all reasonable Times by any Grand Jurors in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Tom*, or by any Person or Persons employed or to be employed b*y or \ on Behalf of any such County, County of a City or County of-v ,

Town, without Fee or Reward. %

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Graiid Juries Grand Junra aforesaid, after Presentment made as aforesaid, shall have {fell Power may rent

U 3 and chafc Hottlcs»

GfOUSMb, &e. adjoining, to cr-large Gao!, See.

Persons intcr-efleii ma> tell.

Jury summonc'l if KrfufaJ to fell, &c.

Fanncl.

29 G. 2. (I.)

c.6.

and Authority tp rent or purchase any Iiouses, Bjuildings, Land* Tenements or Hereditaments which may be necessary for the Scite of such new Gaol or other Prison or adjoining to such old Gaol or other Prison, for the Purpose of enlarging the lame, or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging, and to direct the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so rented or purchased, to be conveyed to such Commissioners as the said Grand Jury oj- Grand Juries shall have so appointed as aforesaid, ar.d to their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in trull and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Trutteea, Guardians of Infants, Committees of Lunaticks or Idiots, Femes Covert with their Husbands, 'and all other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any Estate sr Interest in any manner whatsoever in the Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings, which by the said Grand Juries respectively shall be thought neceuary to be rented or purchased, for any of the Purposes of this Act, by Deeds indented and inrolled, to demise, sell and convey all or any such Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Ere6lions or Buildings, or any Part thereof and all the respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Commissioners and their Heirs and Successors; and that all Conr tracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Coxnmissioners and their Heirs and Successors shall be Trustees of all such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be conveyed to or veiled in them, under or by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein provided, and no other.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having or claiming to have any Eslate, Title, Term or Interest in or to such 'Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings as aforesaid, or any Charge, Lien or Incumbrance thereon, shall refute to agree with the said Grand Juries respectively, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Rights, Terms and Interests therein, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to such Estate, Rights, Titles, Terms or Interests, as they shall or may so claim, or if the said Grand Juries respectively shall be ignorant who are entitled to the same, then, and in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or Cuunty of a Town, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impanuel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial Persons qualified to serve on Juries not iefs than Sixty, out of which Perkins so to be empanaelied, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be draws, by fume Person to be by the said Coxmnissioners or any Three or more of them appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts at DuUio, by an Act made in Inland in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for

50° GEO. III. C. 103. 29$

for the better regulating Juries, are directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be empannelied, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at Tush Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Tre epts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of th^m, till discharged by them; and all Persons concerned shall and^n7nifn he may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array. Array.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all case9 of Trials by On default of Juries before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, Twelve Jurors, where a full Jury shall not appear before them, or \\ here, after the ot^e"^um" Appearance of a full Jury, it shall so happen, either by means of moue Challenges or otherwise, that there shall be a Default of Twelve Jurors for such Trial, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to command the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to em-pannel so many other Persons as shall make up a full Jury of Twelve Men, which Persons so to be empannelled shall be added to the former Pannel; and all Parties interested in such Trials shall have their Challenges to the Jurors so added to the former Pannel as if they had been originally summoned; and the said Commissioners, or any Three Liberty of calling or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept Wiiucflea. or Precepts, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before them, on their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commiflicners, or any Three or more of Commissionera them, if they shall think lit, shall and may likewise authorize and re- may authorize quire the said Jury to view the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements Jurytoview. or Buildings intended to be valued or purchased; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power to ad- Power of Adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day and Place to Place, as Occa- joyrament. fion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until the Buflnefs for which they shall be so summoned by virtue of this Act shall be concluded; and the said Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and empowered to administer) fairly, truly and impartially enquire of the Value of such Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Buildings, and of the respective Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall assess or award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of such their respective E(fates, Right, Titles, Terms and Interests, and shall also enquire, ascertain and find all and all manner of Charges and ^Incumbrances and Liens thereon, and the Amount of the Sum or Sums due thereon respectively, and whac Estate and Estates therein are subject to any such Liens or Charge; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum and Sums so to be assessed as and for the Value of the said several Estates in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for the Payment thereof respectively in manner hereinafter mentioned;

U 4 which

A.D. 1810.

Notice.

Party not found,

&c.

Judgments written on Paifck-ment.

Proceedings re-g, ft* red.

Conveyance made on Payment.

When Tides not cleir, 8cc. Purchaft Money lodged in Bank of Ireland.

C. 103. 50° GEO. III.

which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment, Decree or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being first given to the the Person or Persons interested, at least Fourteen Days before the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the Time and Place of such Meeting of the Commissioners and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Hotifcs, Buildings or Ground intended to be valued or a He fled, in case such Party shall not be known or cannot be found in the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and also in the Dublin Gazette) shall be binding and concluflve to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert and Persons under any legal Disability, and against all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrator3 having or claiming to have or claim any Estate, Right, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Premises, either in Possession or Reverlion, Remainder or Expectancy, or in any manner whatsoever, or any Charge, Lieu or Incumbrance thereon; which said Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and such Judgments, to be made, given and pronounced ; as aforesaid, shall be fairly written 011 Parchment, and signed and sealed by the major Part of the said Commissioners who were present and pronouncedJuch Judgments and Decrees; and all Verdicts of the said Juries, and all Judgments, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of Hi# Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Irelanil> and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good Evidence thereof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so to be awarded and adjudged as follows; (that is to say) First, in or towards the Payment and Discharge of the Sums due on the said Charges, Incumbrances and Liens, if any so found, to affrft the several Estates therein respectively, and then to the Owners of the said Estates respectively, if any shall remain for that Purpose, that the Person or Persons who shall be so found and adjudged to be the Owners of the said several EstateB of and in the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings respectively, and also the Owners of the said Incumbrances, Charges and Liens respectively, shall make and execute or procure to be made and executed to the said Commissionera and their Heirs and Successors a good and sufficient Conveyance or Conveyances, thereby granting, releasing or assigning to them the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings, and all such Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, or Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon so awarded as aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons shall not be able to evince his, her or their Title to the Premises, or to any such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or make or procure or be made such valid and legal Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being thereunto, required, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid* being tendered to be paid in manner aforesaid, on their making such Title and executing or procuring to be executed such Conveyance or Conveyances as aforesaid* or iu case such Person or Persons cannot be

found

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. 103, 297

found in the said County, or in case, by reason of Disputes or Differences, or for Defeat of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners or Jury what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, or to any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or whether any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien appearing to them by the Regittry or otherwise to have existed, remains either in the whole or in part in force or undischarged, then, and in every such case, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to pay into and deposit in the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery of Ireland, the Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as the Value of and Purchase Money for the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Buildings, or any particular Eitate or Interest therein; and the said Court of Chancery is hereby em- Court of Chan-powered in a fuminary way, upon the several Petitions of the respec-i ^V^detcriLi2^ thre Parties, to hear, judge of and determine, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath as* by all Ways and Means which the said Court shall think proper, the several Rights, Claims and Demands of all Persons interested in or unto the several Grounds, Houses,

Tenements and Buildings which shall be so valued and of which the Price shall be so paid into the said Bank, and also of all Persons having or claiming to have any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon as aforesaid, and to ascertain and make Orders for the Payment unto such Person and Persons respectively, according to their several Inte-rtfts, EHates «ud Claims aforesaid, as the said Court of Chancery shall judge fit, without any Deduction for Poundage, which Orders in such case shall be final and conclusive upon all Persons and Bodies Final, whatsoever 5 and immediately upon such Payments and Entry of such Verdicts of the said Juries, and Judgments and Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Premises shall veil in the said Commissioners and their Heirs, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Scifin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, an fully and effectually as if every Person having any Eitate in the Premises in Possession, Remainder, Reverlion or Expectancy, or any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, was of full Age and of found Mind and Memory, and had actually and duly conveyed the same to the said Trustees by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or by any ether legal Conveyance whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme Covert is Femes Coven or shall be seised in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail of any such Lands, Med in Fee Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid by the ^imple, fvc. said Commissioners, or of any Interest in the same, or of any Charge,

Incumbrance or Lien thereon, to her separate Use, free from the Controul or Intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase Money to

which such Feme Covert shall become or be entitled as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as she shall in Writing under her Hand nominate to receive the same, in trust to be re-invelted in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be conveyed as aforesaid, and settled for such Use, Eitate and Interest as the same Feme Covert had in the Premises so purchased.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Pronfo.

such '

A.D. 1810.

198

C. 103.

jo0 GEO. III.

such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien shall also extend over and be a Charge, Incumbrance or Lien on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments other than those which shall be so conveyed to or veiled in the said Commissioners, then, and in such case, neither this Act nor any Conveyance to be made as aforesaid, shall in any Respect discharge, affect or alter the Force, Validity or EfFeft of such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien so far as relates to such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but that as to all such the same shall continue to be a good, valid and fubii fling Charge, Incumbrance and Lien for so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, in the same manner in all respects as if this Act or any thing done under the same had not existed, but not further or otherwise. fomeyance XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any

inrolled. EAate or Interest to the said Commissioners and their Heirs and Suo

ceflors, by Bargain and Sale, and inrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, within Six Months after making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate of the Person so conveying as any Fine or Recovery would or could do if levied or suffered in due Form of Law.

Tenant at Will, XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will &c. 10 dciiver up or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any Possession. such Grounds, Houses or Buildings, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the find Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint to take possession of the same, in case the said Commif-(ioners, or any Three of them, or such Person authorized by them, shall pay or tender to him, her or them, Six Months Rent of the said Premises, at the Rate payable by such Tenant for his entire Holding, or in case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give him, her or them Six Months Notice to quit such Possession of such Part, in the same manner as the Landlord of such Tenant might give him Notice to quit Possession of the entire Holding, then such Person or Persons in Possession, shall, at the End of the said Six Months, at whatever time of the Year the same shall be, or as soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to take Poflcf-lUfufinff. (ion thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons in Possession

Proceedings. as aforesaid shall refuse to give up Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, to issue thoir Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriff's of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Tenements shall be, commanding him or them by virtue of this Act lo deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly.

Cost*, &c. paid XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or byCwnnutliunCTs other Recompence, Consideration or Satisfaction to be paid and made allowed. pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, and all such

Costs, Charges and Expences, as the said Commissioners or their Heirs or Successors, or any of them shall be at, or pat to, in the

Execution

A.D. 1810.

299

50° GEO. III. C. 103.

Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vetted in them, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, out of the Sums so presented as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- ShrriflT. ftc. mak-ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of '"5 Default, them, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy

or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, who shall make default in the Premises, and on any Person or Persons who shall be fura-moned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear* and also on any Witness or Witnesses who shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or to any Jury so impannelled before

them, and on any Person or Persons summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or Juries, or to give his, her or their Verdits, or shall in any other manner wilfully avoid or neglect his or their Duty in or touching the Premises, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines by Order Penally, of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid,

as the Case may require, by Dili refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Dittrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines which shall be so recovered and received shall be applied to the Purpose of such Preferment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Commissionentt* ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, tPlx, iot»

at any time or times hereafter, under .their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint such Person to be and att as their Clerk as they shall think tit, for such Matters as may be necessary to be done in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners, provided that no such Clerk shall at any time be a Commissioner under this Act, and that such Clerk shall from time to tune be removable, and may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that the said Com- Salary, missioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may make such Allowance or Salary unto such Clerk for his Care and Pains in the Execution of his said Office or Offices out of the Money so presented, as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding in any One Year Thirty Pounds:

Provided always, that as foooo as the Building or other Work for ptoviso. which such Commissioners shall have been so appointed as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Accounts of the same finally patted,

then, and in every such case, the Office, Appointments and Powers of the said Commissioners and of such Clerks shall cease and determine.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where a Sum not exceeding Sum* to be raid

One hundred Pounds shall be duly presented as aforesaid for building JVdv*£e to any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison or 01

any Addition thereto, or for making any Alterations or Repairs

therein, it shall be lawful for the Grand Juij at the same or any sub-Sequent Affixes or Term, to present that such Part of the Sum so

Erefented as they may judge proper, shall be paid in advance to the lid Commissioners so appuiuted to cooduft the Execution of such

Works,

Comniitfioners

W ttClOUlifc

Ap]>nivn! by (jraud Jar), &c.

Cnmmissioners may raifc Gravel.

JVifoners to be removed to new Gaols when

built.

Works, or any One or more of them, upon his or their entering into a Recognizance before the Court in double the Sum so to be advanced* conditioned that he or they shall apply the Money so to be advanced for the Purposes for which the same was so presented and none other* and that he or they shall, at the next and every succeeding Affixes or Term respectively, justly and fairly accbunt for the same according to Law, until the whole of such Money shall be finally accounted for* and that he or they, or his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall at any time pay to the Treasurer for the time being of the said County, County of a City oi* County of a Town, any Balance or Part of such Money which shall not by such Accountant appear to have been applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners shall* at every ensuing Affixes or Term as aforesaid, lay before the Grand Jury and the Court a just and fair Account in Writing of all and every Expenditure and Expenditures of such Money so to be advanced to them, and the particular Purposes for which the same was expended, and the Quantities and Price of each Material bought therewith; and such Account shall be verified by Affidavit in Writing at the Foot thereof, to be made in open Court by One of the said Commissioners, and shall (late that the whole of the Money' was so expended for the sole Purpose of executing the Work so presented pursuant to the Presentment thereof; and when any such Work shall be finished, and the Accounts of the said Commissioners approved of and passed by the Grand Jury and the Court, it shall be ordered that all such Recognizances so entered into shall be vacated on the last Day of the next Assizes or Term, and they shall be vacated accordingly, unless upon some sufficient Complaint laid before the Court or the Grand Jury sufficient Cause shall appear to induce the Court to make an Order te the contrary; and provided if there be any Balance unexpended, a Certificate of the Treasurer of the County* County of a City or County of a Town, shall be laid before the Grand Jury and the Court, setting forth that he had received the said Balance and applied it to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioners or other Persons duly authorized or employed in or for the building, altering* enlarging or repairing any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correctioo, or other Prifou in Ireland, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, shall, for such Purpose, have all and singular the same Powers of raif* ing and carrying away Sand, Gravel, Stones, Earth or other Materials as are or shall from time to time be given by any Laws or Law

in Force in Ireland, to the Overfears of the publick Roads, and sub-je6l to the same Regulations and Restrictions.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any new Gaol, or other Prison so to be built and erected as aforesaid, shall be made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of such Prisoners as may be lawfully confined and imprisoned therein, and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or to either of such Sheriffs where there shall be Two, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff or Sheriffs to remove to such new Gaol all such Prisoners as shall be then in CuL tody, who may lawfully be confined and imprisoned therein.

XXXII. An*

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. IIlw

C. 103. 301

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any Assizes Pnfoners to he

or Term it shall be ordered by the Court of King's Bench or Judges "moved dnring or Judge of Assize, that the Prisoners confined in any Gaol, Bridewell, c* °

House of Correction or other Prison, or any of them, shall be removed

for the Purpose of repairing such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, or otufing the Materials thereof, in building a new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, pursuant to any Presentment for Aich Purpose, or whenever on any sudden Accident an Order shall be made by Three Justices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Repairs of such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, and such Order shall direct the Removal of the Prisoners therein or any of them for the Purposes of making such Repair $ then, and in any of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to remove such Prisoners to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison belonging to such County,

County of a City or County of a Town, or to such other Place or Places as, with the Consent of the said Sheriff, shall be specified in any such Order, and to confine them during the time such new Gaol,

Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison shall be building, or old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison repairing 5 and when any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison so under Repairs shall be made fit for the Reception and Safekeeping of such Prisoners, and the lame shall be certified by the Com- of imflioners thereof, if any, or any Two of them, or by any Three raoval certified. Justices of the Peace of such County, then it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff to remove thither all such Prisoners as shall be then in his Custody, and may lawfully be confined and be imprisoned therein; and the Expence of such Removal or Removals in any of the Cases aforesaid, and any Expence the said Sheriff shall be put to, for or by means of the safe Custody of the said Prisoners or any of them in such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, to which they may have been removed for any of the tempoiary Purposes aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid by such County, County of a City or County of a Town; and any such Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any new Gaol, Gaols

Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, so to be built and or Addition* erected, for any County, County of a City or County of a Town,

or any old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison ino. to ebuntf' thereof, which shall require any Addition thereto, shall be or be iv&rrcin fituucdl situate within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or

County of a Town, then, and in every such Case, such new Gaol,

Bridewell, House of Correction or otner Prison, and all Additions which shall be so made to such old Gaol Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, together with the Ground whereon the fama shall be built respectively, and all Courts, Yards, Out-offices, Buildings, and other Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall, from the time of receiving Prisoners into such new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, or of completing such Addition, be deemed, taken and adjudged to be Part of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prifoo shall belong, to all Intents and Purposes i and whensoever any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or

other

A.D. 1810.

When nrw Gaols, old CMS to be sold*

Purdiafe Money paid to County Treasure*.

11. nv Curnmif-

lioDtnt to u& where no regular ( (nivoawc of I mIi, or where H, t^e.

Proviso.

c. 103. 50° GEO. III.

other Prison of any County, shall cease to be a Prison of such County* County of a City or County of a Town* and shall be situate within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or County of a Town, then, and in every such Case, such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, with all it* Appurtenances, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the same shall be so situate; any Charter, Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That after any new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correct ion or other Prison shall be erected and made fit for Reception of Prisoners, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, at any Affixes or Presenting Term, with the Consent of the Court, to present the old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, and the Ground or Soil thereof, to be sold by publick Cant, for such Estate or Iuterest as such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Person or Persons in trull for the same, possess therein; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be paid to the County Treasurer for the Use of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, or it shall be lawful for the said Grand Jury to present the said old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison to be a Bridewell, Workhouse, House of Industry, or House of Correction or other Prison of any other Description for the said County.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear that Land has been given for the Scite of any old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, without regular Conveyance of Title, or that the Deeds of Conveyance have been loll or destroyed, or that by the Decease of Trustees or the Heirs of the Surviving Trustee, or from any other Cause, no Person exills qualified to convey the legal Title to such old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correcti''n or other Prilon, to any Purchaser, then, and in such Case, if the Gaol of PremiSes to be sold as aforesaid have been used as a Gaol for at lead Seven Years, the Commissioner9 appointed according to this Act for the Purchase of a new Scite for a Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, shall be deemed and are hereby consti-tuted legal Owners of the old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, in Fee or Fee Tail, or for such Term or Time as the same was originally granted for; and if no such Grant is known to have exilted, then in Fee Simple, upon trull however to contract with a Purchaser and fell the same, and execute all Deeds and Conveyances necessary for that Purpose, and give a sufficient Receipt for the Purchase Money: Provided always, that such old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison shall be sold to the bed Bidder, after having been advertised for that Purpose in the Dublin Gazette or Some other Dublin Newspaper for Three Months at lead before the Terms of Sale shall be accepted, which Advertisements the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town shall cause to be inserted and paid for, end for which he shall be repaid with lawful Intered, together with all Cod* and Charges, out of the fird Monies produced by such Sale; and after deducing such Money, and also the Expense attending the Sale, the Money produced thereby shall be applied to the Purchase of the

new

3°3

A.D. 1810. jo* GEO. III. C. 103,

new Scite, and to building the new Gaol, Bridewell, House or Correction of other Prison.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That when the Gaols, Bridewell*, Houses of Correction or other Prisons of Two Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, shall have been united and joined, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the said Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, to present such Sums as they shall think lit for the building a new Gaol or Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons, for the said Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, either together or separately, as the said Grand Juries respectively shall think proper, in the same manner in all respeCls; and the respective Parts thereby shall be subject to all the same Rules, Conditions and Consequences as if the same were separate.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever an Order shall be issued in manner aforesaid to the Board of Works for the building or enlarging of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts, or any Penitentiary House or Houses as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint any Number of Persons not less than Six, nor more than Twelve, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of directing and super-intending such Work, and to till up from time to time in like manner all Vacancies that shall occur amongil the said Commissioners by Death, Resignation or otherwise 5 and thcit the said Commissioners so appointed shall have all and every the like Powers in all respects as to making Purchases, empannelling Juries, pronouncing Judgments, and all and every other the Matters and Things aforesaid; and all Things done by them or any other Person or Persons or Court, in pursuance of or under and in obedience to their said Powers, shall be of the like Force, Validity and Effect in ail respects whatsoever, as concerning the Commissioners appointed by the said Grand Juries, or any Proceedings by or before them, is hereinbefore enacted.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Kind's Bench in Term Time, and to and for any Judge of the said Court in Vacation, either on the fiiiiThing of a new Marshalsea of the Four Courts, ot on occasion of or for the Purpose of repairing such Prison, or on occasion of any infectious Disorder or sudden Accident, or on or for any other Reason, Purpose or Occasion of a like Nature in any respect, which such Court or Judge shall deem to be sufficient to order that the Prisoners in such Marshalsea, or any One or more of them, shall be removed to any other Prison specitied in such Order, there to remain until discharged by due Course of Law, or until removed therefrom by another Order of the Kke Nature, or remanded to the said Marshalsea; and any such Removal shall not be deemed to be an Escape.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, shall by themfl lyes or any other Person in trust for them, give, take or receive any Fee, Money or Gratuity, or other valuable or beneficial Consideration whatsoever, or any Promise thereof, for or in respeCl of the Appointment, Nomination or Recommendation of any Person or Persons whatsoever to be Keeper of any Prison in Ireland, or to hold any Office under such Keeper, or knowingly appoint or cause or procure to be appointed

any

Goals of Two Counties preferred for, either together or fcpurately.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners to iu|M-riniend Works oi Marlhalffa Four Courts and Penitentiary Ho idea.

Judges may order Removal of Prilbneis in M ar shall eu Court*.

Talcing Fee fo# Appointment <»f Gaoler.

AJ).1810.

Penalty.

Salary to Gaolers.

Proviso.

Keepers of Pris'ons provided with Copies of

a a.

Penalty.

Infye&ors

appointed.

To whom Plre-fcr rente iven.

X

C. 103. 50° GEO. III.

any Person or Persons to such Office, for or in respect of any Fee, Money, Gratuity or other valuable Consideration whatever given or promised to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or in refpcCfc of such Appointment, or the obtaining of such Office; and each and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum or Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, together with Double the Sum so given as aforesaid; One Moiety of such Forfeiture to be paid to the King, and the other with full Costs of Suit to the Informer, who shall by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record first sue for the same.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Grand Juries at the Presenting Terms in the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, and at the Assizes in all other Counties, Counties of Cities and Coun-ties of Towns in Ireland, are hereby empowered and authorized to appoint such Salaries and Allowances to the several Keepers of Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction and other Prisons in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and to their Assistants, as they shall think proper, and to alter the same from time to time as they shall fee occalion, and to direCl such Salaries and Allowances to be paid by the Treasurer of such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively; all such Salaries and Allowances to be raised by Presentment on the said Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively: Provided always, that no Keeper of a Prison or his Aflillant shall be entitled to receive such Salary or Allowance, unless he shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Grand Jury that he hath complied with all and every of the Rules and Regulations which shall from time to time be provided by or under this or any other A Cl or Acts of Parliament, or by any lawful Authority whatsoever, for the Regulation of such Prison, or for the Conduct of the Keepers thereof.

XL I. And be it enaCied, That every Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison in Ireland, shall be and is hereby required to ptovide himself with One or more printed Copy or Copies of this present Act, and to keep and have the same at all times ready to produce for the Inspection of any Magillrate or Magistrates, or other Person or Persons legally appointed, who shall at any time visit or inspect such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, or enquire into the Conduct of such Keeper, under a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who shall inform thereof.

XLII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, with the Consent and Approbation of the Court or Judge at each Affi/.es and Presenting Term, to appoint aa Inspector of Prisons for such County respectively, and also of every Bridewell, Sheriff's Prison, Marshalsea or House of Correction within any County of a City or of a Town (except as is hereinafter excepted); and every such Iufpettor shall be required to observe the several Regulations hereinafter mentioned, and to fee the same carried into Effect: Provided always, that in making any such Appointment as aforesaid by the Grand Junes, the Mindier or Curate of the Parish in which the County Gaol shall be situated, shall be preferred, if such Clergyman will accept such Appointment, and that then? doesnot appear on Examination into the same any just or reason-5 uble

A.D.iS to.

3° 5

50° GEO. III.

C. 103.

able Objection to such Clergyman; and provided also, that in case of Refusal on the Part of such Clergyman as aforesaid, a Physiciart or Surgeon resident in the Town or Parish in which such Gaol or

11 on the rart ot such Clergyman as atorelaid, a Physiciart ?on resident in the Town or Parish in which such Gaol or

other .Prison shall be situate respectively, shall be then preferred and if such Surgeon or Physician shall also refuse to accept the said Office of Inspector, or shall be f mnd unfit for the same, or if it shall appear that the Clergyman, Physician or Surgeon aforesaid, after having accepted the said Office, shall at any time neglect to execute or fulfil the Duties thereof, it shall and may be lawful to appoint any other fit and discreet Person, redding within One Mile of such Gaol or other Prison respectively, to be such Inspector as aforesaid in manner aforesaid respectively.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Trrand Juries in Ireland, at any Affixes or Presenting Term refptfc- u

tively, after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum to be paid to every such County or other Inspector appointed as aforesaid, as a Recompence for the Care and Attendance necessary in the Execution of the Several Duties of such Offices respectively: Provided it shall appear to them that such Inspector has duly and regularly executed the several Duties of his Office; which Sum or Sums the said Inspe£tor shall be entitled to receive exclusive of any other Salary or Allowance which may be granted to him as Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Medical Assistant for vi Siting and attending the Prisoners confined in any of the Prisons of such County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Clerk r>f the the Clerk of the Crown, and he is hereby required at each Assizes Crown 10 makw and General Gaol Delivery, hi every County, County of a City and Hetum of County of a Town in Ireland, and at every SpecialCommi(fion therein, and at every Quarter-Sessions, Term or Session of the Com- Pc«twr miifion of Oyer and Terminer for the County of the City of Dublin9 and the Clerk of the Peace is also hereby required to furnish the Inspector of Prisons for the time being of the said County, County of- a City and County of a Town, with a complete Schedule of the several Prisoners brought to Trial at each Aifizes and General Gaol Delivery, and at each Special Commission, and at each and every Term or Commission of the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin respectively, and at each and every Quarter-Sessions,

Specifying the partitular Crime of which each Prisoner was accused, and dating the Sentence of the Judge on each Trial, and whether the said several Sentences have been executed, or whether the Whole or any Part or Parts of them have been remitted; and the several Inspectors of Prisons are hereby required to report and transmit the same in manner hereinafter directed.

XLV. And be itenacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Appointment Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland of lofprtfor for the time being, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be ln» fpefior General of Prisons in Ireland, removeable however at the Will and Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or' Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 which Inspector General Hi* Put*, of Prisons shall visit every Prison in Ireland once at lead in every Two Years, or oftener, if he shall think necessary, and also shall give hit ^dvice and Affidance in choofuig propef Plans and Situations where

A.D. 1810.

3c <5 C. 103. 505 GEO. Ilf.

new Gaols and other Places of Confinement are to be erected, and shall report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief .Governor or Governors of Ireland, his Opinion as to the proper Scite and Plan of every new Prison, and shall point cut any Additions, Alterations or Improvements which he may deem requisite to be made in any of the Gaols or other Places of Confinement, for the Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, and for the safe Custody of the same; and that he shall also receive Reports from the Inspectors of Gaols in the different Comities in Ireland, and shall also arrange and digest the same, or so much as shall have been duly trai-f-mitted to him, and annually transmit a full and accurate State aid Account thereof to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time beings or io his Absence to the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and also to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, in London, in order that the same shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament in each and every Session of Parliament, and likewise a separate Report of such Prisons as he shall have visited in Person, from the time of his next preceding Report respectively up to that Period; and in case any of the Paid Inspectors shall neglett to transmit their Reports to the Inspedlor General as herein directed, the said Infpcdlor General shall state the Names of such Inspectors who may have been guilty of such Ncgledl, in his said fever«i Reports, and shall also report the Names of such Inspedtors so neglecting, to the Court of King's Bench in Dublin; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to impose a Fine on any such Infpc&or {p neglecting, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds: And any such Inlpedtor General of Prisons shall receive such Salary as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall appoint, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds by the Year, as a Remuneration for his own Time and Trouble, and shall also proride a lit and proper Clerk, and a fit and proper Office in the City of Dublin, at which such Clerk shall constantly attend, and such Inspector shall receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to enable him to defray the Expence of providing such Clerk and Office, and shall also receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds for his travelling Expences in each Year; all which Sums shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being.

Ma<l- XLVI. And be it enacted, That the said Inspector General of'Prisons shall have Power and he is hereby required to vitit and in-fpect, as often as he shall think fit, all Mad Houses and Places where Idiots or Lunatics are confined, whether the same be auy publick Establishment, or kept for Profit by any private Individual, as well as all Gaols and Prisons throughout Ireland; and if any Person or Persons shall hinder, molefl or prevent such Inspector General from viliting and inspecting any of the said Places of Confinement, such Person or Persons being duly convicted thereof upon Oath before any One Magistrate or Justice of Peace in the Couuty where such Hindrance has been made, shall, for every such Offence, be fined in* any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of such Magi (Irate,

A.D.iSiG.

3°7

$6* GEO. III. C. 103.

gistrate, and thereupon such Person f convicted shall, by the Warrant of such Magistrate, be imprisoned in the Common Gaol of the County for Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine be sooner paid.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Appcintmrntof each and every Grand Jury in Ireland\ and they are hereby re- ^iaPlrtl quired, at any Adzes or Presenting Term, to appoint a proper YntJ ao$' and difereet Person, being duly ordained in the Holy Orders and of the Established Church, to be Chaplain of the several Gaols, Bride-0 vrells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons of and in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Grand Jury, if they shall be so required by the Court* also to appoint a proper and difereet Person, be$r>g a Protestant Dissenting Minister, to be Protestant Dissenting Cnaplain thereof; and also if they shall be so required by the Court, to appoint a Pried or Clergyman of the Roman Catholick Church to be Roman Catholick Chaplain thereof: Provided always, Proviso that evf*rv Person so appointed shall be approved of by the Court.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Chaplain Dmyof shall read Prayers in the said Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correc- Giaplami. tion or other Prisons respectively for which he shall be appointed, on every Sunday in the Year: to wit, the Protestant Chaplain of the Established Church to such of the Prisoners as shall be Protestants of the Established Church, and the Protestant Dissenting Minister to such of the Prisoners as shall be Protestant Dillenters, and the Roman Catholick Chaplain to such of the Prisoners as shall be Roman Catholicks; and that every such Chaplain shall likewise vitit each of the said Prisons Twice at least in every Week, exclusive of his Attendance on Sunday, that on such Visits he shall go into every Room and Cell in the Prison therein any Prisoner so within his Charge shall be confined, and converse with and exbort such of the said Prisoners respectively as are willing to listen to his Admonitions; and that each of the said Chaplains shall attend every Malefa&or in their respective Prisons who shall be within his Charge as aforesaid, or who may desire his Assistance previous to and at the time of his Execution, in order to administer to such Prisoner or Prisoners the Funttions of his Holy Office; and that every such Chaplain shall in manner hereinafter mentioned, inspest, in his turn, the Bread or other Provisions provided for any Prisoner of whatsoever Religion, and take care that the same is or are of good and wholesome Quality and of sufficient Weight.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful SaUrio* 19 for the Grand Jury at the Spring Assizes and Eajier Term in every Chtplau/.

Year after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds and not being less than Sixty Pounds in the County and County of the City of Dublin, and not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor being less than Thirty Pounds within any other County dr Coijnty of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, for every such Chaplain, as a Recompence for his Services aforesaid: Provided it shall fully appear to said Grand Juries Proviso. and to the Court or Judge that such Chaplains duly and regularly executed the several Duties of their said Offices- respectively, and that the Sums presented for all the Chaplains aforesaid in One Prison or District shall be of the same Amount, unless tM Share of either shall

X1 at

So8

Hnfifians ai % l 6urgcouN:

Their Dut).

Salary.

Not paid tuilcf* DlUiff JKT-funned.

Physician* and

Surgeons to n»ake Return# to Infj)e<ftors.

Appointment of Apothecaries.

Kow Medicine* and other Ar« ti« les lor the -Sick paid lor.

C. 103. 5ofe GEO. II!. A.D. 181b*

at any time be withheld by reason of any Misconduct or Neglect of Duty.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of ever}' County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Assizes orPri fenting Term, to appoint a regularly bred Physician and also a regularly bred Surgeon to the Gaols, Houses of Correction, Marshalseas and other Pulilick Prisons within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, except as i$ hereinafter excepted: Provided always, that ary 1 Physician and Surgeon io to he appointed shall be approved of by the Court.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every such Physician and Surgeon shall and he is hereby required to visit every Prison within fiis Appointment Twice at lead in every Week, and oftener if necessary, and to prescribe for all Prisoners confined therein, according to his respective Department, such Medicines and Sustenance as may appear to him conducive to their Recovery.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for every such Grand Jury at every Assizes and Presenting Term in each Year after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum to every such Physician and Surgeon as a Kecompence for such Attendance.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury aforesaid to make such Preferments, unlef9 said Physician and Surgeon respectively shall appear to have duly fulfilled the several Duties of his Office.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That tl^e said Physician and Surgeon shall once in every Week make a regular Return of the State of Health of the several Persons under their Care respectively, to the Infpc&or of his Prison or District, if he shall not be himself the Inspector, and shall diftin&Iy specify therein the Names of the several Persons sick in said Prisons, and their Diseases respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the same Person from executing the Offices of Inspector and Chaplain, or of Inspector and Physician, or Inspector and Surgeon, or Physician and Surgeon, if he shall be qualified so to do.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury respectively as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, at every Assizes and Prelenting Term, to appoint an Apothecary to the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons, within their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns; and it shall be the Duty of every such Apothecary to attend the Physician or Surgeon respectively, if any such be appointed, in their Visits to the said Prisons respectively, and to execute every necessary Order of the said Physician and Surgeon respectively touching the same: Provided always, that every such Apothecary shall be approved of by the Court.

LVI. And be it enacted, That each and every of the said Grand Juries shall and may present such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be justly due for such Medicines and other Articles for the Sick as shall be ordered by the Physician or Surgeon attending such Prisons rr-spectively, and which the Apothecary to said Prisons shall make appear by his Affidavit to have been duly fumiflied according to such Prescriptions, in which Affidavit the said Apothecary shall (wear that

he

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 103.

309

be had faithfully and honestly expended in the Purchase of such Medicines and other Articles the Sums therein respectively charged for the same, and that such Medicines and other Articles were of the bed Quality, and were charged at the usual Prices at which Medicines ao4 Articles of the same Quality were charged within the Town or Place where the same were so furnished respectively, and that the same were ordered by the Physician or Surgeon attending such Person before they were fnpplied; or if such Medicines or Articles shall hare been supplied in Cales of Emergency by such Apothecary without the previous Order of such Physician or Surgeon, such Apothecary shall produce a Certificate of such Physician or Surgeon that such Medicines or Articles were fit and proper to be so supplied; but 110 Charge shall be allowed in any such Presentment For the Attendance of such Apothecary or of any Person acting as such.

JLVII. J|^d he it further enacted, That the said several Grand Juries, or the Court, if the same shall appear to them proper, may respectively order such Account to be laid before the Governor and Directors of Apothecaries Hall, to be taxed by the said Governor and Directors, which they are hereby authorized and required to do, and to make their Presentment for Medicines as aforefqid, subject to such Reduction in the Amount thereof as shall or may be made on such Taxation; and that the said Grand Judes respectively shall have Power to present for the Expence to be incurred by such Examination.

LVIIl. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Apothecaries shall bring forward at each Assizes and Presenting .Term Two feparntt- and distinct Presentments, Ane for Medicines and the other for other Articles for the Sick, dating fully and particularly the different Articles comprized under each Head; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Assizes and Presenting Term to present a reasonable Sum to be paid to every such Apothecary, as a Compensation for his Trouble in providing the said Articles for the lard Persons respectively, and advancing his own Money for that Purpose.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to appoint the same Person to be Surgeon and Apothecary to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, Marshalsea, or other Publick Prison, and in such case such Surgeon and Apothecary shall be paid for his Attendance as a Surgeon, and for his Medicines as an Apothecary, in manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Surgeons and Apothecaries respectively: Provided always, that in case any Grand Jury shall not think it necessary to appoint a Phy* fician to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction., Marshalsea or other Publick Prison, the Apothecary or the Person so appointed Surgeon and Apothecary, iufiead of swearing that the Medicines and other Articles for the Sick supplied by him were ordered by the Physician, or producing the Certificate of the Physician in manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall swear that all such Medicines and Neceflarics were actually requisite for the Prisoners, and were a&ui ally and bona Jide supplied by such Apothecary, or Surgeon and Apothecary, as the case may be: Provided also, that no Person who shall be so appointed to be Surgeon and Apothecary shall be capable o( being appointed a Physician or an Inspector under this Act.

LX. And^ be {t enacted, That in and for the Marshalsea of thi

X 3 Four

Accounts taxrd by Govcn 1 M J Directors of Apothecaries Hall.

Prrfontmrnts of Apothecaries to be one for Medicines and one for Neceffanc*.

Grand Juries may app ntthe same lVrfun 10 be Surgeon and Apoihccuiv.

Prdviso.

Appointment of Inspe£t<>r>, ( hap-

Ulus, Stc. ot

A-D.i8jo.

I0>

50° GEO. III.

Varand* of Jj> fpcctor, &r.

JDublin Marshal- Four Courts of Dublin, and all and every Penitentiary House or fife. fi*. by LorJ Houses in Ireland, the Expence whereof shall be defrayed out of the Lieutenant. # Cssifolidated Fund of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland for the time being, to appoint all Inspectors, Chaplqfps, Phy-fierians, Surgeons and Apothecaries respectively requisite for such Marshalsea and Penitentiary Houses; and such Inipcdors, Chap* lains, Physicians, Surgeons and Apothecaries shall be paid such Salaries, and in such manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think (it to direct: Provided also, that all Medicines and other Articles for the Sick which shall be fur-nished to any of the Poor Prisoners in the Marshalsea of the Four Courts* or in any Penitentiary House respectively, shall, on being vouched as aforesaid to the Collector of Excise of the District* and also taxed as aforesaid, be paid for by him, together ujfcfa the Ex* pence of such Taxation, out of any Publick Money in his Hands, Twice in every Year; to wit, in March and Sept ember, down to and for the First Day of each of the said Months respectively.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the said Offices of Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon and Apothecary, on the Appointment of the Grand Jury, shall become vacant be* tween Two Assizes or Presenting Terms respectively, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, to appoint a new Officer to fill such Vacancy respectively; and such new Officer fb appointed shall hold and exercise the said Office until a new Appointment shall be made thereto as s&refeid, as fully and effectually in all respects, and with al( the same Rights, Powers and Advantages, as if he had been duly appointed thereto as aforesaid,

K.'B. or Judges LXIL And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Court

of Assize may of King's Bench that any of the said County Inspectors, Chaplains,

remove Inspec- Fhyficians, Surgeons or Apothecaries in any Part of Ireland, or to the Judges of Alfred in their respective Counties in Ireland, that any of the said Officers in and for such Couufy hat been guilty of Misconduct in'his said Office, or of Neglect of the Duties thereof, then* and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Judge by a summary Order to remove such Officer from

his said Office; and every such Officer while he shall hold such

Office shall be decreed, deemed and considered in respect thereof as an Officer of the said Court of King's Bench and of such Assizes Court respectively, and subject to the Orders thereof respectively as such.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That it.shall be lawful for the Inspector of every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison in Ireland, and he is hereby required to insped, oversee and regulate the procuring and providing of Bread, Meal, Potatoes, or such other Food qs he shall judge moil proper, to the Value of not less than Five pence per Day for every Person confined for any Of* fence under his inspectan, who shall stand in need of such Affistance, and to canfe the lame to be regularly distributed among the said Prisoners, Four Times in every Week, to wit on Sundays, Mondays, Wednesdays and Friday#, in presence of said Inspector, or One of the Chaplains, and also of the Keeper of such Prison; and the Grand Juries qi the levcral Counties in Ireland are hereby empowered and

required

tors, &r. far Kegleifc, &c

Inspecteri to ovrrfee the providing Food to r fnfonen.

A.D.iSicv jo°. GEO. III. C. 103.

inquired tS maHc such Presentm^nt^ in Advance to any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror nor being an Inspector, Chaplain,

Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall be willing to contrail with such Grand Jury for the Supply of such Bread, Meal, Potatoes or Food as such Grand Jury may deem necessary to provide for the same, and if such shall by any means not be made, or, being made, shall bn found inefficient, then to present futh Sums as shall appear to hate been neccflhrily expended for such Purpose, either without such Presentment, or over and above the Amount thereof; and the Sums ft printed fliali be paid over in manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided Pronto, always, that the Inspector and the Chaplain or Chaplains shall divide the Duty of distributing said Allowance equally between them by alternate Weeks in Rotation, and the Certificate of any of them, together with that of the Keeper of the Prison, shall be a sufficienf Warrant to the Treasurer of the County for the Payment of such Sum or Sums as may be expended in procuring said Food, to any Person or Persons who shall have contradled with the Grand Jury as aforesaid, or to any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror, nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Phyllcjan, Surgeon or Apothecary ynder this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contracted with any Inspector for the Supply of such Bread* Meal, Potatoes or Food, or who may have (upplied the same under the Ordor? of such Inspector.

> EXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Qrand Expenr« fat Jury at each Assizes and Presenting Term respectively in Ireland, Straw, present on the respective Counties, Countiei of Cities and Counties of Towns, all fuph Sums as to them shall appear by Affidavit to have been necessarily emended for Straw for the Prisoners entitled to an Allowance of Bread as aforesaid in any Gaol, Bridewell,

House of Correction or other Prison within their respective Counties,

Couaties of Cities and Counties of Towns, or any necessary petty Expences attending the Prison, as also to present in advance such Sum as they shall think necessary for the said Purposes or any of them; and that to enable the said Grand Juries to present proper Sums for those Purposes, there shall be laid before the Grana Jury by the Keeper of every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction dr Other Prison in Ireland, at each Assizes and Presenting Term, a Ca- ,lendar of his Prison since the lad Assizes or Presenting Term, with the Date of the Committal and Difcfiarge of each Person.

LXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for fa the several Grand Juries at every' Assizes and Presenting Term, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Purposes of providing Fuel, Prison Drestes, Iron Bedsteads, Bed Tickens to be filled with Straw, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, for all Prisoners who shall be confined in any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison within their respective Couaties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and shall stand in need of such Aflistance; and that the several Sums before mentioned to be pre- Monies for furh feuted for the Purposes of providing Fuel, Prison Drestes, Iron Purposes to be Beddeads, Bed Tickens and Blankets, Bed Cloaths and Straw for paid to Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of any Person , ra^or, ' or Persons (npt being a Grand Juror, nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Pbyfioaq, Surgeon or Apothecafy under this Act, nor being

X 4 the

pH

C. 103.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Contm&or», &c. 10 account on Oath.

GranH Jurori, Infpr&ors, Sec. being concerned in Contrails for Food.

Penalty.

Expenecs paid by CoileHor of Eg-ei£e, and advanced by him to Inijxdors, &*.

Rules and Regulations for M nagexnent of

Pi.lous.

the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contraHtS with any InspeHor of any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of CorreHion or other Prison, for the Supply of such Fuel and other Matters respeHively, or who may have supplied the same under the Orders of such InspeHor.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be presented by any Grand Jury for Bread or other NeceiTaries, or for any other of the Purposes hereinbefore men-. tioned, shall be accounted for on Oath in open Court by the Persons making such Contrail with the Grand Jury or with the InspeHors, or supplying Articles under the Orders of such InspeHors, and by the Certificate of the different InspeHors and Chaplains respectively.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Juror or any InspeHor, Chaplain or Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary appointed under this Act, or any Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, shall contrail to provide or 1 up ply any such Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prison Drefffs, Bedsteads, Bed Tickens, 'Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Necessaries for Prisoners under his InspeHion or Charge, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall supply the same otherwise than in the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or shall direHly or indireHly derive or receive any Profit or Emolument whatever from any Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prison Drestes, Bedsteads, Bed Tickens, Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Necessaries provided for such Prisoners, which shall be supplied for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same by any Action, Suit, Bill or rlaint, in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin; wherein no Efloign, ProteHion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted' That all Bread and other Provisions, Straw, Prison Drestes, Bedsteads, Bed Tickens, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, which shall be so distributed iit the Marshalsea of the Four Courts or any Penitentiary House, and also all Bread, Provisions, Drestes, or Cloaths, Medicines and other Necessaries which shall be so fumished as aforesaid to any ConviH under Sentence of Transportation, or pardoned or respited from Death on condition of Transportation, who shall be removed out of the County in which he was conviHed, shall and may be paid for by the Cof-leltor of Excise of the DistriH, out of any publick Money in his Hands, and that such ColIeHor of Excite shall also out of such Money advanced to any Person or Persons (not being a Graud Juror, nor being an InspeHor, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contraHed with any InspeHor of any such Marshalsea or Penitentiary House for the Supply of such Provisions or other Matters respectively, or who may have supplied the same under the Orders of such InspeHors, such Sums for the said Purposes or any of them, as such InspeHor shall, by Affidavit to be made before any Justice of the Peace for the County, date to be reasonable and pcccflary for such Purpose.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the following Rules and Regulation* shall be ilriftly obfenreU and carried into Force and EffeH in

every

A D.1810.

50° GEO, III. C 103.

every Gaol, House of CorrectJon, Marshalsea, Bridewell, Penitentiary House, SherifPs Prison or other Prison throughout Ireland; that is to say: First, That* hr shall not be lawful for any Woman to be Fidl. Keeper thereof: Se'concf, That every ©aoler or other Keeper of a Second Prison shall reside in his Prison, and that he shall not be an Under Sheriff or a Bailiff, or a Baker or a Brewer, nor shall he fell Wine,

Beer, Ale or Spirituous Liquors of any Sort to Prisoners or others, nor shall he hold any Office or Employment, or carry on any Bnfi-nefis whatsoever that may require his Attendance in any other Place :

Third, That no Tap shall be kept in atiy Prison without a Special Think Order of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland for that Purpose: Fourth, That no Person under the Authority or Appointment of the Fourth. Keeper shall, directly or indirectIy, fell to the Prisoners or any of them, any Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or any manner of Provisions whatsoever: Fifthly, That in all rrifons whereiu any Persons shall be fifth, confined for any Offence, the Person or Persons whose Duty it shall be to deliver out Bread or other Provisions to such Prisoners, or One of the said Persons, together with the Keeper of the Prison, shall attend for that Purpose Four Days in each Week, to wit, on Sun-dayi9 Mondays, IVednefdays and Fridays, and shall take care that the same is properly distributed according to the Wants of the Pri-fooers, and that it is of a good Quality and proper Weight, and that it is not more than Twenty four Hours since any Bread which may be so distributed had been baked; and such Person or Persons shall not suffer the Prisoners to commute the said Allowance by receive ing the Value thereof in Money, or in any other manner whatsoever: Sixth, That every Room in every Prison in Ireland shall be Sixth, daily fenped and swept, and shall be washed Once in every Week from the First Day of April to the First Day % £r08ober, and Once io every Month for the residue of the Year, uruefs the contrary shall io any Instance be expressly directed in Writing by the Physician or Surgeon, and that Three Times at least in every Year the Inlide of s each of the Rooms, Cells, Halls, Passages and Places of every Description in the Prison shall be white-washed; videlicet, Once in the Month of April, Once in the Month of July, and Once in the Month of 08ober, and that sufficient Prison Dalles, Bed (leads, Tickenj for Beds, and Blankets be provided for such Prisoners as shall be in want thereof; and also that a constant Fire shall be kept up in the Common Halil of every Prison for Ten Hours in every Day, from the First Day of October to the First Day of April, to wit, from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Eight in the Afternoon, and for Five Hburs in every Day for the Residue of the Year; to wit, from the Hour of Twelve at Noon to the Hour of Five in the Afternoon respectively, and that fcvery Prisoner shall be supplied with fresh Straw Once in every Month: Seventh, That the Prisoners Seventh, who shall be sick shall be separated from those who shall be in health, and the Physician or Surgeon and Apothecary shall regularly attend the former, and supply them with Medicines and also with Broth or other necessary Sustenance: Eighth, That Debtors shall be fie- Eighth, parate from Felons and other Offenders, and that Persons. charged with Highway Robbery, Housebreaking, Murder, or oth^r Capital Offences, shall not be suffered to have any Intercourse with Prisoners confined for Offences which are not Capital; and that Male and Female Prisoners of every Denomination shall be kept separate:

Ninth,

5*3

i*0#by Go

i

c.03. 50° GEO. HI; AJQ.1S10.

Ninth. Ninth, That all Prisoners shall have free Access to the Bath and

Necessary, iu their respective Parts of the Prison at all reasonable Hours, and shall also be admitted at proper times in SuccdEon to air themselves in the Yard or Yards for at lead Two Hours in every Day, except Prisoners under Sentence of Death, and such Person* as shall be riotous or disorderly, or where there may be Sufficient Tenlh. cause to apprehend that an Escape may be attempted: Tenth, That

no Hogs, Pigs, Cattle or Poultry or any Kind shall be kept in any Llevcntli. Yard of aiiy Prison in Ireland: Eleventh, That no Prisoner even

when condemned to Death shall be put into a Dungeon or Room tinder Ground, utilefs in consequence of outrageous Conduct, or for an Attempt to break out of Prison: Twelfth, That no Spirituous Liquors of any Kind shall be admitted into any Prison on any Pretence whatsoever, utdefs as directed in a written Order from the Phy-iician, Surgeon, Apothecary, Medical Afiiftant or Inspector, specifying the Quantity so to be admitted, and for whafe Use; nor shall any Penny Pot or Garniih be taken from Prisoners on their En-Thificenth. Vance into Prison on any Account or Pretence whatsoever: Thir-

teenth, That a Table of Fees shall be made out by the Iufpe&or General of Prisons, and the Inspector of Prisons in the County of the City of Dublin, to be laid by them before His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, which Table, if it shall be approved by the Court, shall lerve as a General Regulation for Fees throughout Ireland, and the Inspector General of Prisons shall distribute Copies thereof to the fevetral County Inspectors, to be by them placed in a conspicuous Part of the Prisons under their Inspedtions, and the Inspector General of Prisons shall likewise cause several Copies of these Rules, and of all further Itaies to be from time to time made as hereinafter mentioned, to^rprinted on one Side of a Sheet of Paper and parted on Boards, which he shall also dirtribute amoug the fevrral County Inspectors, to be by them placed in the Common Hall of I our — uV every Prison: Fourteenth, That every local Inspector shall visit every Prison under his Inspection Twice at leal! in every Week, that at each Viiit he shall go into every Room in the Prison, and if any Complaint shall be made by the Prisoners or any of them, against the Gaoler or his Affilfants, the Inspector shall immediately enquire into the Particulars of such Complaint, and if the same shall appear to be well founded he shall report accordingly to the Tnfpe&or General nir* nth. of Prisons, and to the Sheriff of the County: Fifteenth, That the said Inspectors shall each of them report specially on Oath in the manner hereinafter directed, the State of each and every Prison under their InfpqCtion respectively, to the Magistrates at the Quarter* Sessions, and likewise the Inspector or Inspecfors for the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, to the Court of King's Bench in every Term, and the Inspectors for all the other Counties to the Judges at the Assizes; and all the said local In* fpe£fors shall also Twenty one Days at least before the fitting of, transmit to the Inspector General of Prisons, a similar Report, together with a Calendar of the Prisoners actually in Custody, letting forth the particular Crime for which each Prisoner had been committed, and likewise a General Statement of all Prisoners who have been tried, whether acquitted or condemned, since the Date of the last preceding Report, specifying the several Crimes of which they >vere decided, and the Sentence* of those who have been

found

A.D.i8*o»

5 v GEO. lit. jC. I03. 31J

found guilty: Sixteenth, That in case of any riotous outrageous or Sixteenth, disorderly Conduct, or of any wilful Mischief done by any Prisoner to the Pnfon, or to any Person therein whether a Pmoiicr or not, or in case of any Person being or becoming of insane Mind, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Superior Courts, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, to examine minutely into the Matter on Oath* and after inch Examination to iilue his or their Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison, deiiring that every in fane Person shall be con-lined during the continuance of such Infanitv, and ever)' such Offender for such length of time as shall be specitied in such Warrant, in such Room, Cell, or other Place within the Precinfls of the Prison as he or they shall think proper, or as shall have been speciallt provided for such Purpose; and from the time when any such Infinity or Miscondutt shall come to the Knowledge of the Keeper of such Prison, until there shall be an Opportunity of holding such Enquiry, it shall be lawful for such Keeper of his own Authority to Confine such Offender or in fane Person in any such Room, Cell or Place; and if any Prisoner shall be a second time ordered into such Confinement for Misconduct on Examination on Oath as aforesaid, such Prisoner shall not during such Second Confinement be permitted to receive any other Food besides Bread and Water; and is case of a Third Confinement of any Prisoner in like manner, such Prisoner during such Third Confinement shall not only be limited to such Food, but shall also be kept in Irons: Provided however, that Provif. nothing herein contained shall prevent any Prisoner from being discharged out of Prison altogether, if he shall become entitled thereto: Seventeenthly, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Seventeenths King's Bench in Ireland, from time to time* as often as it shall be necessary, to make and ordain such other and further Rules and Regulations confident with the foregoing, for the Government, Ma* nagement or Conduct of all or any Gaol or Gaols, Bridewell or Bridewells, Marshalsea or Marshalieas, House or Houses of Cor-

rection, or any other Prison or Prisons in Ireland, or the Keepers or Keeper, or any other Officers or Officer thereof, or any Prisoners or Prisoner therein, as they shall think proper: and that all such Regulations shall, from timfc to time, be ported up in all Prisons to which the same shall extend, immediately after these Rules, in manner before mentioned*

LXX. And be it further enacted, That any Gaoler or Keeper of How Gtolm to a Prison in Ireland, who shall find himself by any Means or Circum- when pre-stances whatsoever disabled or prevented from carrying the said Rule*cnt.wl or any of them into Efsect, shall, on the firrt Opportunity, give No- mui^ e* tie* thereof to the Inspector of the Prison, and if the said Infpc&or shall, ; upon visiting such Prison, fee sufficient Grounds for such Omission, .either by reason of the Insufficiency of such Prison or otherwise. he shall, by Writing under his Hand, give to the said Gaolev dr Keeper, a Certificate thereof, and no Fad or Occurrence shall be admitted as a sufficient Excuse, to ^ny such Keeper of a Prison, for the Breach or Neglect of any of the Rules aforesaid, unless such Fa& shall have been so represented by him to such Inspector at some time before such Breach or NegleCl, or within One Week after the same.

LXX I. And be it further enacted, That all Inspectors of Gaols* lnf|*&°»^ bridewells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons, (lull, . in the"

Reports Regulations have

beet; oW'erveU.

3i6

Marshal sea of thfl Four ( artstube krpi frpirate.

Ft of Marshal

©I Fuji Courts.

Frovlfo.

Fees for pleading

Pardon.

Fees furLodging.

F.xA<fhi 5 greater Ve<s thau allowed.

C. 103. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

Reports of the State of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other Prisons under their Inspection respectively, infen a Copy of the foregoing Regulations, and of such farther Regula-tioiis as shall from time to time be in force, in their respective Prisons at full length; and in a separate Column, opposite to each of the said Regulations, shall certify and (late how far each of them has been observed and complied with, and shall also (late and set down how far the several other Directions contained in this prefect Ad have been observed and executed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Marshalsea of the Four Courts shall he kept separate and diflintt from all other Pnfons under the Care of the Marshal of the Four Courts, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

LXXtIL And be it enacted, That the Marshal of the Four Courts shall take, demand and receive the several Fees following, and no more; videlicet, That every Prisoner shall pav to the Mai (Hal for Committal Fee, in eveiy Cause in which any Prisoner shall be committed to, or shall be in his Custody, Six Shillings and Eight pence 5 for a Discharge or a Difmillion Fee to the Marshal Six Shillings and Eight pence, and to the Turnkey One Shilling and Seven pence Halfpenny; upon ever)* Habeas Corpus directed to the Marshal, the Person in Custody who obtained or procured the same, shall pay to the said Marshal Two Shillings and Sixpence: And every Prisoner brought into Court by Habeas Corpus ad Satis faciendum, or brought up in Custody thereupon, committed to the Marshal in Execution, mall pay to the said Marshal the Fees following; vidHetty Six pence in the Pound where the Execution is or shall be for any Sum of or under One hundred Pounds; and when the Execution is or shall be for more than One hundred Pounds, then the said Person or Persons so committed in Execution, shall pay to the said Marshal Three pence for each Pound over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and no more: Provided also, that no Person or Persons so committed in Execution shall be charged with or liable to pay any more of the said Poundage or Execution Fees than for such Debt or Damages and Coll$ as he, (he or they shall really owe, and which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on such Execution shall be really and bona fide entitled to receive.

LXXIV. And it is hereby also enacted. That upon the pleading of any Pardon at the Bar for any Person in the Mar(hal*s Custodr, the said Person for whom such Pardon is pleaded shall pay to the said Marshal for his Fee thereon Seven Shillings, and no more.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner lying ii the Common Hall (half pay One Penny per Night to the Marshal, and no more, for his said Lodging; and that as to all and every other Rooms and Accommodations in the said Marshalsea, the same, and the Rates and Prices to be paid for the same, shall be regulated and governed in such manner and according to such Rates as the Coxrt of King's Bench in Ireland, having due regard to all Circumftaice*, shall from time to time dirctl and order.

LXXV I. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Marshal Of the Four Courts or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons employed under him, shall demand, exa&> take or receive from any

Pnfowr

A.D.rSro.

5& GEO. IXI.

Prisoner in the said Marshalsea any other or greater Fee, Reward or Gratuity, than he shall be entitled to as aforesaid, or shall not duly observe such Rules for the EaCe and Convenience of his Prisoner* as are or shall be from time to time prescribed, or shall exadf any other or greater Rates for the Lodging of the Prisoners than He shall from time to time be entitled to as aforesaid, then the said Marshal for the time being, or his Deputy, which ever of them shall offend herein, Aiall forfeit for the First Oflcnce eommitted, the First Offence Sum of Fifty Pounds, the One Half thereof to the King, the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved, who may sue for and recover the same b) any Action, Suit, Bill or Plaint, in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance; arid if after such Conviction he shall again offend as afore- Second Offence, said, he shall for such Second Offence forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding or exercising the said Office of Marshal of the Four Courts, or of being Deputy Marshal of the same for ever after; any Patent, Charter, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwit httanding.

LXXVII. Ahd be it further enacted, That the Marshalsea of MurfMfcs of the City of Dublin shall be likewise kept separate and dftfinft in Ciiyol Dublin another House by itself, under the Care of such Person or Persons ^elH as shall be duly authorized and appointed to keep the same.

LXXVIII. And, for the better regelating and ascertaining the Fe«toM*r(kil Fees of the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the time being, ot City ot and the Lodging of the said Marshalsea of the said City, be it Dublin, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Fees and no other shall be taken by the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the Time being; videlicet,

For every Prisoner committed to his Custody upon an Action out of the Tholfel Court, Two Shillings and Six pence :

For every Prisoner committed by the Lord Mayor for Petty Debts, One Shilling:

For every Writ of Venire Facias or Fieri Facias issued out of the City Court of the said Marshalsea, One Shilling and Six pence :

For all Executions out of the City Court directed to the said Marshal, Six pence in the Pound for every Sum of or under One hundred Pounds; and where the Execution is for more than One hundred Pounds, then to receive only Three pence per Pound for each Pound, over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and in such manner and under such Restrictions as are appointed*by this Act for the Marshal of the Four Courts.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Marshal of the Marflnl of D il-City of Dublin shall observe and keep the same Rules, and take the Kn to observ* lame Rates for the Lodging and Accommodation of Prisoners, in such Sort and in such manner as the Marshal of the Four Courts shall Marihifof from time to time be entitled to take, save so far as the same may pjur CoUrSfc. be otherwise ordered by the said Court of King's Bench; and in case the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the time being, his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons employed under him, shall take, receive or e'xaft any other or greater Fees than as aforesaid, or any Gratuity or Reward from any Person whatsoever committed as a Prisoner to his Custody, or shall not observe and perform the Rules and Rates in every Respect herein ordainedy or which shall

frdra

C. io* 317

J^Gc

3i*

A.D.t8i«.

Corporation of Dublin m appoint Keeper of Mtffihiilfca;

tnfwmblr for

fafi» (ntUxty of PrifoMTa.

Appointment net to interfere wish I'roGts of Alarfhal.

Court of K. H. mml Judges of Afii/cs to give Act in rlurge to 0/um(1 Jiuit-s.

(rimiaals de-tain«<l for bees, shftliargctf*

C. 103. 50° GEO. III.

from time to time be prescribed as aforesaid, then the said MariW of the City of Dublin for tire time being, or his Deputy, which erer of them shall offend herein, shall suffer and incur the like forfeitures and Disabilities a* concerning the Marital of the Four Court* is hereinbefore provided.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Corporation of the said City of Dublin, at any Quarter Assembly, or at any Poll Assembly held for that Purpose, to cleft and appoint a lit and proper Person to be Keeper of the said Marital fen Prison; and it is hereby declared, that the Marshal of the said City shall be exempt from the Care and CufUuiv of the Prisoners to be therein confined, and that such Marshal shall not be liable to any Damages, Colls or Charges whatever, for or on account of any Escape that shall be effected or made from said Prison.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Keeper shall be answerable for the safe Custody of all such Prisoners as shall be confined in said Marshalsea Prison, and that he shall observe and perform the several and respective Rules herein required of other Keepers of Prisons wherein Debtors are confined.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Nomination or Appointment of such Person to be Keeper df such Marshalsea Prison as aforesaid, shall not extend or be conftmed to extend to permit or allow any such Person to interfere in any Sort or Degree whatsoever with any of the Ducies, Privileges or Emoluments annexed to the said Office of Marshal, or which heretofore have been exercised or enjoyed by him or his Prcdecessors, save only and except in the Care of the said Marshalsea Prison, and the safe keeping of the Prifouers to be confined therein.

LXXXIII. And, in order to render more effectual the feverxl Provision8 and Regulations contained in this Act, be it enacted br the Authority aforesaid. That the Court of King's Bench, and ail and every Judge and Judges of Assize, and General Gaol Delivery, in Ireland retpeftively, are hereby directed and required from time to t»me, as Occafiun shall require, to give this Act in Charge to the Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, or so much thereof as concerns such Grand Juries, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law dirests, and to make such Presentments as are herein mentioned and dtrefted.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Prisoner in Ireland who shall have been convicted of any Offence or Offences, and shall be detained in Prison only for his Fees by reason of such Conviction or Convictions, and of his Imprisonment for such Offence or Offences, to present a Petition to the Court of King's Bench if in the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other County in Ireland, to the Judges of Assize of such County, or in any of the said cases to the Court of Quarter-Sessions, dating that he or fhc is unable to pay his or her Fees aforesaid, and praying that such Fees may be remitted: and the Court to which fuefi Petition shall be presented, shall examine into the Truth of the Matters therein alledged, upon the Oaths not only of such Prisoner, but also of the Gaoler and of every such other Penbn or Persons as such Court shall think fit and proper to be examined relative to the same; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Court to make such Order for remitting tht

8 Whole

D.1816,

3*9

50* GEO. HL C. 103.

Whole or any Part, Share or Proportion of such Fees aS such Court shall think proper; and on such Order being made, k shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of such Court, if they shall think tit, to jpntfent the Amount^the Sum or, Sums so remitted to be raised on such County, and paid to the Person or Persons whether Clerk or Clerks of the uown or of the Peace, Sheriffs or Gaolers, 'whose Fees or any Part of whole Fees shall have been so remitted according to their respective Proportions thereof; and if the whole of faeh Fees shall have been so remitted, then such Prisoner shall be discharged from any further Imprisonment by reason of such Fees, and if a Part only shall be so remitted, then on the Payment of the Residue of such Fees, such Prisoner shall be, in like manner, discharged,

LXXXV. And be it enacted and declared. That all Fees on Cri- 49G. 3. c. 101. minal Prosecution9, and the several other Matters relating thereto, as to on payable to any Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of Criminal I'110*" their Deputies, Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey or Crier, or other Person acting under them or any of au{jcity. 1 them, in Ireland, are and shall be payable in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, in the same manner in all respects as in.the 6ther Counties of Ireland; and that in the said County of Dublin Preferments in lieu of the Fees of such Persons as shall have been indieted, tried, acquitted and discharged without paving Fees, shall be made at the Presenting Terms, in like manner in all respects as at the Assizes in the other Counties of Ireland, under and by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament for Emulating the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Feioflpmd all other Offences at Assizes and Quaner-Sessions in Ireland^or any other Act or Acts for such Purpose.

L.XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all and Angular the several Prefrntracnts Sums of Money directed by this Act to be presented by the Grand assessed on Cwm-Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, shall be raised, levied, ap- tie* at hrfce. plotted and affefTed upon the said Counties respectively, after the lame manner as other rfefentments for County Charges.

JLXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Grand Prefeatm^its Juries, after having been properly called upon and directed by such not made. Court and Judges respectively to make fuen Preferments as are required or authorized by this Act, shall, notwithstanding, neglect or omit to make such Presentment or Provision respectively before the lall Day of the said Assizes or Presenting Term respectively, or shall not present a sufficient Sum for any of the said Porposes, then, and in every such case, the said Court and Judges respectively are hereby empowered, directed and required7 to impose such Fine or Fines on iViralij.

'such County, County of a City or County of a Town as they shall deem just arid necessary, and as shall be at lead equal to the Amount of fuen Deficiency: Provided always, that no such Fine or Fines Proviso. shall be levied Upon such County, County of a City or County of a Town, unless such Fine shall be confirmed at the next enfning Assizes "or Presenting Term, as the case may be, by the Court or Judge at such ensuing Assizes or Presenting Term.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in the Order for any HowAplic4* such Finefo to be imposed for refusing or omitting to make any w Presentment, or for not presenting a sufficient Sum, the particular

Object

320

A.D. 1810.

L/Vird a< County Pfeieiiuneuis.

Jttdgps nay i <*

duct- I'relent-

PlfciJts.

Court of K. ft.

and Ju lies of Aiii/c to examine

into manner of

o&ectmiic Act.

fkytncni Of Ex-

jM iice i meurjud

fine* lit July 1809, and before .U| rration of

Afr

x

C. 103. 50° GEO. III.

Object and Purpose for which such Presentment oyght to have been made shall be Hated, and such Fine when levied shall be applied to such Purpose, and shall be accounted for in like manner as if the same had been reguiarly presented by^he Grand Jury for the said Purposes respectively: Provided altnHp that every Fine*to be imposed upon any County pursuant to tTO^Act, shall be laid on, applotted and levied upon the County at large, in the same manner as Preferments made by the'Grand Jury for County Charge*.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any of the said Grand Juries (bail at any time present for any of the said Purposes a Sum which shall appear to the Court to be greater than is proper or reasonable for such Purpose, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court or Judge who shall con-i'rm or tiat inch Presentment,1 the time of so continuing or hating the same, to order that the same shall be reduced to such Sum as he or they shall think proper, which shall be done accordingly, and shall be deemed, taken and proceeded on in the same manner in all respects as if the same had been originally so presented.

XC. And, in order that the beneficial Purposes of this Act may be more fully and faithfully carried into EfFeft, Be it enacted. That the said Court of King's Bench and Judges of Assize shall once in every Assizes and Presenting Term respectively, make diligent Enquiry by Examination on Oath in Court, and by such other ways $md means as they shall think proper, concerning the several Malten For which Preferments are or shall be by this or any other Act relating to any of the Matters aforesaid directed or authorized to be made ^tttfpch Assizes or Term respectively, and finally shall decide after fuW mature Confide ration as to the Exercise of the Powen so hereinbefore given in that Respect.

XCL And whereas divers Hardfiiips have been lately found to

cxift in some of the Priimis in Ireland, for which no Remedy had

been provide*! by Law, and it was not confident with Humanity or

Justice that the same (bon Id be allowed to remain unredrefled until

an Act of Parliament (hot !d be patted, and divers Cofts" and Expences have been and coocift ue to be incurred in removing the same; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which at any time or times from the Fkft Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine to the First of July in the Year Oine thousand eight hundred and ten, shall have been expended by or under the Orders or Authority of the Lord Lieutenant of IrelauJT and which if so expended after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, would, under the Provisions of this Act, be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall and may bi % paid and allowed out of the same; and that all and every Sum ant 1 Sums which shall have been so expended within the said Period, and which if expended after the said First Day of July in the Vear One thousand eight hundred and ten would be properly leviable by Presentmept, being duly vouched by the Oath of the Perfo n or Persons employed therein, shall and may be levied and raised by such Presentment, and paid over, under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to replace the Money so expended, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and if by any means it shall happen that any such

A.D. 1810. jo° GEO. III. C. 103, 104.

Sum or Sums shall not be so levied, then, and in such case, and until the same shall be done, all and every such Sum and Sums shall be paid and advanced out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act or in relation thereto, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the Fact done, and the Venue thereof shall be laid in the proper County and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants to such Action may plead the General Issue and give this Act and the Special Matter therein contained, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontintiance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover Double Costs, the Plaintiffs first fuggefling on the Record, by Leave of the Court, that the Action was brought for an Act done in pursuance of this Act or in relation thereto, if the same shall not sufficiently appear by the Pleadings.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall commence on the First Day of July in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall take Effect from thenceforth and not sooner.

XCIV, And be it enacted, That this Act may bi amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paflld during the present Scfliou of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for altering the Amount of certain Duties of Aflessed Taxes, granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting to His Majesty certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes, on the Articles therein mentioned. [20th June 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

*\T7E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com* W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that certain of the'Duties, granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Servants and Carriages, herein described, and on the Makers of such Carriages, should be altered, and new Duties granted in manner hereinafter mentioned; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and from and after the Term of Whitfunday One thousand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be afsessed, raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and 50 Geo. III. Y Successors,

321

Limitation of Aftiom.

General Hue,

Double Cost*/

Commencement of Aa.

Aa may be al* tered, &c.

48 G. 3. C. 55.

Duties gtsteteiy

322

A.fc.iJft.

Dun<*> to 1--u <!cr I of

farmer Aits.

Same Commif-f|( llr: fi 11 11 Otfi c^rs to execute this Act r are appoint ader former Acts.

C. 1(54. $6° geo. nt.

Successors, the several Duties mentioned in the several Schedules to this Act annexed, as the same are therein respectively set forth and described; which several Schedules, and the Duties therein contained, and the Rules subjoined, shall be deemed and confirm'd a Part of this Act, as if the same were inserted herein under a special Enactment.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall be assessect, raised, levied, paid and accounted for, under the same Provisions and Regulations as the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid are directed to be affeflVd, raised, levied, paid and accounted for; and the several Schedules hereunto annexed shall be respectively added to the corresponding Schedules annexed to the said Act, and shall be eonflrued as afxi deemed Part thereof respectively; and this Act shall be eonflrued in such manner and to the like EfFeft in all relpests, as if the Duties hereby granted were expressly granted under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties to which the Duties granted by the said Act are subject, and as if the said several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Act, or in any Act or Acts therein recited, mentioned or referred to, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties granted by this Act, shall severally and respectively, in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, practised and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (except as aforesaid) were particularly and respectively repeated and re*enacted in the Body of this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the Came had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who now are or for the time being shall be Commissioners for putting

in Execution the said Act or the Acts therein recited, mentioned or referred to, who shall be respectively qualified and authorized to act in the Execution of the said Acts, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, InfpcCtors and Inspectors General respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General to put in Execution this Act, within the Limits of their respective Districts or Divisions to which they are or respectively shall be appointed; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the

Affairs

AtB.iSift.

fo° GEO. III.

C. 104,

323

Affairs of Taxes for the time beings appointed or td be appointed b^r His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of any Carriage Mik' rs oFTax called- a Taxed Cart, built and constructed according to the Regular Cart* to return lions df the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or of this their Names end Ad* for Sale, shall cause his Name and Place of Abode, and the TPlace or Places where such Trade or Buftnefs shall be carried 011, to be returned to the Commissioners for executing this Act, in, like mapner as is required by any Law now in force to be done by Makers for Sale of other Carriages chargeable with Duty, and under the like Penalty; and every such Maker shall also, from time to time, enter in«Book the Number of such Carriages by him or her built and coin [trucled for Sale as Taxed Carts, and the Names and Places of Abode of the relpedive Persons to whom fold, and the full Value of the same, together with the full and just Price or other Consider&tion paid or given or to.be paid or given for the same, and the Day on which each such Carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse 5 all which Books shall, at all reasonable times in the Day-time, be onen to the Inspection of the Assessor or Collector,

Surveyor or Inspector of or for the Place where such Maker of Carriages shall reiide; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Tenth Day of OStober and Fifth Day of April in every Year after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book within the preceding Half Year, to the Assessors or Collectors of the Ward,

Parish or Place, or one of them, where such Maker of Carriages shall reside; and when required so to do by such Surveyor or In-fpedor, every such Maker of Carriages, his or her Chief Servant,

Workman or Manager, shall make Oath, or, being one of the Persons called Qaaicrif an Affirmation, of the Truth of such Account according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and if any Maker of such Carriages shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description, Matter Qr Thing which ought to be contained therein, or shall make therein any false Entry of any Particular which ought to be contained therein, he, she or they so offending shall forfeit and pav any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, lor be recovered or levied oy act, Ad or Ada ia relation to the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Carriages Makers of Taxed herein*called Taxed Carts, for Sale, shall, before the Delivery out Cam to paint of his or her Shop, Warehouse or Premises, to or for the Purchaser Price and.thereof, cause the Name and Place of Abode of the Purchaser °*r'cr 5 Name thereof, and the Worda«A Taxed Cart, " and also the Name and Uel, v"7* Place of Abode of the Maker thereof, and the full Valu$ thereof, or the ©dual Price or Consideration paid or given or to be paid or given for the same, to be painted in a conspicuous Part of the Out-Jide of the back Part of the said Carriage, in Words at Length, arid in Roman Charadert in Black Letters on a White Ground, or in White Letters on a Black Ground, each of the said Lefters being at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion5 and if any Maker of any such Carriage shall deliver the same* or permit or suffer the same to be delivered from ot out of his of her Shop, Ware-house or Premises, to or for the Purchaser thereof, without ha

y 2

A.D. 1810.

tlfing Carts walkout Particulars pimcd. Penal 7.

Comtron Stage Carts may be tiled in certain safe*.

Proviso.

In what cases

Commissioners to give Notice to Proprietor td prutlm e same before them.

Proviso.

first caused the several Particulars before mentioned to be painted thereon in Form and Manner aforesaid; or if any Person shall use any such Carriage built or constructed or purchased after the passing of this Act without the Particulars aforesaid, and each and every of them, being painted thereon in Form and Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered or levied as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Cart having the Name and Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words " Common Stage Cart" legibly painted thereon, which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Hu(bandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, although the Owner or his or her Servant or Servants shall or may occasionally ride therein when laden, or when returning from any Place to which or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Cart in the Course of Hu(bandry or Trade, and although such Cart shall be used for the Purpose of riding therein or thereon, on the Occasions and in the manner herein mentioned; that is to say, for the Purpose of procuring Medical Afiiftance for the Owner or any of his or her Family, or for the Purpose of carrying Goods to or bringing back Goods from Market, or carrying the Owner or any of his or her Family to or from any Place of publick Worfhrp, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice, or to or from any Meeting of Commissioners of Taxes, shall be exempted from tl»e Duties granted by the said A A or this Act on Carriages; Provided such Cart shall not have been let to Hire for any of the said Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Question shall arise, whether from the manner in which any Carriage with less than Four Wheels shall have been built or con (tracted, or shall be used, or from the Omission of painting thereon any of the Particulars required by the said Act or this Act, or from painting the same contrary to the Regulations of the said Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give Notice to the Proprietor of the said Carriage, of the Person having the Possession thereof, to produce the same before the said Commissioners on a Day and at a Place to be named in such Notice, and upon the Production thereof it' shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, after due Inspection thereof, to adjudge the Rate of Duty at which the said Carriage shall be charged according to the bed of their Judgment and Belief, subject to a Case to be dated pursuant to the Directions of the Acts relating to the .Duties of Affeflcd Taxes, if such Case shall be lawfully demanded; and if, after such Inspection, any Doubt shall remain with the said

Commissioners as to which of one or other of the said Rates of Duty the said Carriage ought to be charged, it shall be lawful for them to charge such Carriage to the lower of the said Rates of Duty, if they shall be of Opinion that the Particulars on which they entertained the Doubt were not wilfully or fraudulently contrived for the Purpose of evading the higher of the said Rates of Duty, subject to such Case aforesaid; Provided, that in every Case where any reasonable Doubt as aforesaid shall have ariien, and the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the same hath been occasioned without any fraudulent Contrivance or Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful

for

For them to remit and strike off the Whole of the double Duty which might, have arisen on any Increase of the Duty chargeable in such Cale.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Exemption of this Act any Window or Light in any Room of a Dwelling House on W* used wholly for the Purpose of carrying on any Manufadurc therein, dows*

and not having any internal Communication with such Dwelling House or any Part thereof, although adjoiuing thereto and in other respe^ts a Part thereof, shall be exempt from the Duties on Windows or Lights granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from Monies to be the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and ac- carried into counting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into Exchequer, the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, together

with the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, in one Sum, to the Account of AflefTed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Gardeners acting in the Capacity herein mentioned.

No. I. £. x. d %

For every Gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden, wherein the conjlant La* hour of one Person shall not be necessary, there shall he charged the annual Sum of - Q 6 o

and no more.

To be charged under the same Rules and subject to the same Ex* emptions as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, marked C. No. If. are directed to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages called Taxed Carts.

No. I. £. x. d.

For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and con-llruded according to the Regulations of the said Act in every respect, the original Price of which shall not have exceeded or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which shall not at any time be used with a covered or (luffed Seat, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there shall he charged the annual Sum of -*I 6 6

No. II.

For every such Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and constructed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, (except of Iron, Steel, or any other Metallic Subfcmce, or any Compositkm of

Y3 r Iro*;

3*6 C. 104.

5©° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Substance, either j£.^A

wholly or in Part) the original Price of which Carriage shall not have exceeded or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which shall be used with a (luffed Seat or Cushion, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there shall be charged the annual Sum of -*-10©

Save and except always, all Carriages built and constructed as aforesaid, and of the respective Values herein mentioned, and used in manner before mentioned, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be aflVfled to the Duties granted by the Caid Act in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said Act on Male Servants in respect of Two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages although built, conilrusted, valued and used as aforesaid at the Rate prescribed in the Schedule of the said Act marked D. No. II. or according to the Schedule of this Act marked No. III. as the Case may require.

The said several Duties on Taxed Carts to be charged under the same Rules, and subject to the same Exemptions as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year afore* said, marked D. No. IV. are directed to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages with less than Four Wheels,

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels chargeable by the said Act of the Forty eighth of His present Majesty's Reign, with the Duty of £. 5. 18/. if drawn by One Horse, Mare or Gelding, and no more, there shall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every such Carriage drawn by One Horse,

Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, viz. the annnual Sum of - - - - 5 18 ©

for every such Carriage chargeable by the said Act with the Duty of £ 8. 5*. if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares or Geldings, there shall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every such Carriage drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, viz. the annual Sum of - - 8 5 ©

And for any additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels chargeable by the said Act with the further Duty of £. 2. i6j. there shall be charged the like Amount of further Duty, for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, if drawn in the manner herein mentioned, viz. the further annual Sum of - - - 2 16 O

The said several Duties on Carriages with less than Four Wheels to be charged according to the Rule in the Schedule to the said Act

n#rke<t

No. III.

£* x. </«

A.D. i&k).

50 GEO« III. C. 104, 105.

marked D. No* IJ. and to extend-to all Carriages with leis than Four Wheels mentioned or described in the said Act, and which shall not be built and constructed or used according to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act or this Act for Taxed Carts.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Makers of Carriages: called Taxed Carts chargeable with Duty by the said Act or this A£ty and on the Sale of such Carriages by such Makers.

Upon every Maker or Makers of any Carriage built, £. t. d, const.rudied and used according to the Regulations prescribed by Law for Taxed Carts, and of the Values limited eithjr by the Schedule of the said Abi of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or by this Schedule, there shall be charged the annual Duty of 026' By every such Maker or Makers of Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage which he, she or they shall make, build or construdl for Sale, the Sum of o 2 6

The said several Duties on such Makers of Taxed Carts to be> charged in the same manner as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act marked D. No. V. are directed to be charged.

Save and except any Maker or Makers of Carriages with Foux Wheels, or of Carriages with less than Four Wheels, duly afTefled as such to the Duties contained in the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid.

An Act to regulate; the Manner of making Surcharges of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices; and for amending the Acts relating to the said Duties resped-

HEREAS it is expedient, that certain of the Powers and

Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, or to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, should be amended, in the Particulars hereinafter mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Surveyors and Inspectors appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty in pursuance of the said Acts, to carry into Execution the Powers therein given to them, its that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, in making any Increase of Duty cither on the Returns of Parties or the Estimates of Aflessors, or the Assessments made by Commissioner* under the said Acts, observe the following Rules and Directions for their Government, and shall be subject to the several Provisions therein contained; which Rules and Directions shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same were herein inserted under a special Enad-meut.

CAP. CV.

ively.

[20th June 1810.]

Y4

RUEES

3*8

C. 10$.

$oe GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Surveyor* and Inspectors to examine Returns and Assessment*, and may amend them, $cc.

After Assessments are allowed Surveyor to certify Oiuif-fions to CommilTiuners by way of Surcharge.

RULES and DIRECTIONS for making Objeftiona and Charges, and for limiting the Times of making the same in certain Cases, in that Part of Great Britain called England*

Firfk. — rEvery Surveyor and Inspector appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, shall be and they are hereby empowered and strictly enjoined and required to inspect and examine all and every the Returns of Lifts, Statements, Declarations, . Accounts pr Eftimatcs, made by any Persan or Persons chargeable to the said Duties or any of them, or by any Assessors of any of the said Duties, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts before mentioned, and also jul and every the first Assessments of the said Duties or any of them, made for any Parish, Ward or Place for any Year, 3s well before as after the respettive Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts respectively fh'all have signed and allowed the first Assessments made for Inch Parish, Ward or Place, for that Year: And if he or they shall discover any Error or wrong Amount or Computation of Duty therein; or that any Person who ought to be charged with the said Duties or any of them shall have duly made a Return as required by the said Acts respectively, but shall have been omitted to be charged with the said Duties or any of them, or shall be under-rated in the said first Assessment, and that the said Return doth contain Matters sufficient whereby the said Surveyor or Inspector may rate such Person in the said first Assessment to the full Duties chargeable upon him or her, according to, or by or from such Return, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Tnfpeftor and they respectively are hereby required, before such Allowance, to corrcft and amend such Assessments, and to charge such Person to the full Amount and at the full Rate of .Duty at which he or she ought to be charged, according to his or her Return so delivered.

Second. — If any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such Assessment or Assessments in respect of the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes, shall be signed and allowed by the said Commissioners, or if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such Assessment or Assessmenu in respect of the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Pro-sessions, Trades or Offices, shall be signed or allowed by the Commissioners acting for the general Purposesof the Acts relating to the said Duties, find or discover upon his Survey or Examination, oc otherwise, that any Person liable to the said Duties or any of them, in respect of xyhich such Lifts, Statements, Accounts or Estimates as aforesaid ought to have been delivered, hath not made any Return as by the said Act or Acts is required, or hath omitted any Person, or any Propertyj or Profits, or the Amount or Value thereof, or any Article, Matter or Thing, or any Description of the same which ought to have been returned, or hath not returned the full Amount or value of any Property, or Profits as required by any of the fait} Acts, so that be or she shall not on account of such Default or Omif, Son have been charged to the Amount which ought to be paid by him or her, or that any Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, which i* not allowed by the respective Acts relating to the said Duties, shad have been claimed in or by such Return, then, and in every such Case, ft shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Inspector to certify the same in Writing, together with an Account of every such Default, Omif-£qn or Claim, with the Name or Description of the Person or Thing

po;

A.D. 181q.

3: 9

50° GEO. III.

C. 105.

not returned or omitted, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and the full Amount of the Single Duty by which the Assessment ought to be increased, explicitly stating the Particulars in respect of which such Charge has been made, and to deliver the same to any Two or more of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Acts respectively, or to their Clerk, in order to have such Default, Omission or Claim, and the Under-rate occasioned thereby, rectified 5 and such Commissioners are, upon the Delivery of any lTpon Delivery such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made either by the In- Certificate, fpedor or Surveyor, or any other credible Witness or Witnesses who anfl shall have served the same, that a Notice to the Effect hereinafter ^ 0ljvr, ^ mentioned was duly served, required to sign and allow the said Cer- (xHnmissionen tificates, and to cause supplementary AflefTments to be made according to allow Cer-lo such Certificates, subject to Appeal as hereinafter is allowed. tificatcs.

Third. — Every Person in whose Custody any such Lifts, State- LiftsdeTw»red moots. Accounts or Estimates shall be, shall and is hereby required, 10 Surveyed, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to a, uI Aflefi'mt-iits deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes aforesaid, talking his Receipt for the same; and every Person in whose Custody any*such Afleflinent shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same; and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of the same, until lie shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as may be necessary for his and their better Information.

Fourth. — The said Inspectors and Surveyors shall give or cause to Notice to Vtv- be given to every Person so charged, or leave or cause to be left at charged, his or her last or usual Place of Abode, in the District where such Charge was made, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the Case shall require, and as shall have been directed by the several Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, Notice in Writing of such Charge, and of the Amount of Duty to be included in the Certificate of such Charge, and the Particulars thereof; which Charges the said IrfpeCtors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make, at or before such times as are directed by the said Acts or this Act for the Delivery of the Certificates of such Charges to the said respective Commissioners.

Fifth. — In default of a Meeting of the said respective Commif- In it hat case fioners before the time limited by the said Acts or this Act, for the Delivery t-f Or-Hearing of any Appeals from the Charges of the said Surveyor or tifica-.e of S>ur-Inspedor, or if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall not have had Notice of a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, it shall be 11 ciem* lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, at their First Meeting to be held thereafter, to sign and allow the said Certificates, and afterwards to hear and determine all Appeals therefrom. '

Sixth. — The Certificate delivered to the Commissioners containing Certificate the Day or Days of Service of the Notice delivered to the Party* sufficient Proof charged shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the Contents thereof, ot Contents rf iiniMs the contrary be shewn on the Production of such Notice to the said respective Commissioners by the Party charged; and no Proof of the Contents of any such Notice shall be required by the said Commissioners to be given to them, either by a Copy thereof 9r otherwise, previous to their signing or allowing the said Certificates,

33*

A.EX 131 o.

Oath.

AfTMTments or Charts not impeached on account ol M\f-take» in NlIWi <?r Ddcri])iiom.

Item Double Duty avoided.

Surveyor may certify same, iwd Tarty shall be charged at Stngfe Duty.

C. io; < $o- GEO. Ill,

ficates, nor upon Appeal therefrom* nor other Proof in any Matter relating to the lame, except ah afore said; and except the Oath of the Person or Persons who shall have served such Notices as hereinbefore directed, and which shall be in the Form and to the Effect following j that is to say,

4 J A. B. do swear. That a Notice in Writing was duly served 4 upon each Person mentioned in the above Certificate, containing 4 the Particulars as set forth therein respectively, on the Day Qr Days mentioned in the said Certificate.*

Seventh. — No Assessment made or to be made by any AfiVfibr or Assessora of the said Duties respectively, nor any Charge made or to be made by any Surveyor or Inspedlor upon such Assessment, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any Mistake in the Christian or Surname or either of them, of any Person liable to any of the said Duties, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Pro-

Eor Profits, or of any Servant or Person, or of any Article, er or Thing for which the Person so charged shall be liable to any of the said Duties, uor by reason of any Mistake in the Amount of the Duty charged, nor by any Variance between the Notice and the Certificate of Charge, whether such Mistake shall appear in or such Variance shall arise from the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them; but that all such Assessmentt and Charges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance: Provided, that in Cases of Charge the Notice thereof be duly served on the Person intended to be so charged, and such Notice and Certificate do severallT contain in Subffance and Effect the several Particulars on which such Charge shall have been made; and every such Charge shall be heard and determined on the Merits, in such manner as in the said Acts or in this Act is directed.

Eighth. — It shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Charge shall be given as afore said, on occasion of his or her having neglcdlea to make any Return as required by the said Act or Acts, at any time previous to the time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspedlor who shall have delivered the Notice of Charge, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate of all Matters and Things required by the said Act or Acts to be returned; so that he or she may from such lad mentioned Lift, Statement. Account or Efcimate so to be delivered, be charged to the said Duties respectively the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of the said Act or Arts; provided, that to every such Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, there shall be annexed a Declaration in Writing in the Form and to the Effect hereinafter mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspedlor shall be satisfied with such Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, and the Declaration annexed thereto, then he shall certify such Return and Declaration annexed thereto to Two or more of the said Commissioners, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged; who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Ceiti-ficate, and vhe same Rate of Single Duty as set forth in the said several Acts respectively, to be charged on the Person making such Return, without further Trouble or Delay \ but if upon Examination

of

A-D.1810.

33i

50* QEQ. III.

C.ioj.

«*F such Lift or Return, and Declaration annexed thereto, the said If Hiflatisfied

Swveyor or Inspector shall fee just Cause to object thereto, he shall , nay OU thereupon certify such Return and Declaration annexed thereto, to- Jtv*l0Q* epether with the Cause of his Objection, to Two or more of the said Comnpii&uners, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be xxvade according to such last mentioned Certificate in Double the ^Vmount of the Duty at which he or she shall be charged, and from which Charge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unless Oil Appeal as hereinafter is directed; of which Objection, Notice shall Notice of be given by the Surveyor or Inspector to the Person to be charged Objetfiou. thereby, together with the Cause of his Objection to the said Return And Declaration to be annexed thereto; and the said Commissioners shall determine the said Objections on the Merits, without further Notice of Appeal from the Party so charged.

Ninth. — Every such Declaration, in Cases where no Return hath Declaration to been previously made by the Person so charged for the same Year, CLntain a faus-ihall ailedge and declare in Substance, or to the Effect as follows ;

(that is to say) That he or she the said Exhibitant was not at his or p^r(* her DwelUng-house or other Place of Abode at the time appointed be a'iteOe<! I>y for the fixing or Delivery of General or other Notices for making a credible Wit-Return as required by the said Act or Acts, nor between that Day «cflcs. and the time limited for making such Return to the Assessor, and that he or she hath not received or had any Knowledge of any such Notice; or, that he or she was disabled by Sickness from making such Return; or, that the Non-delivery of such Return was occasioned by the following Mistake or Accident, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, videlicet) \herc set forth the Cause of such Default]; and that the Return to which the Declaration of the said Exhibitant is annexed is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Exhibitant by the said Act or Acts, or by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment and Belief: — Which JDeclaratiou and Return shall severally and respectively be signed by the Party making the same, in the Proper Name and Hand-writing or Sign of the said Party, and, attested by any One or more credible .Witness or Witnesses, who shrill have Ceen the said 'Party subscribe or sign the same, and shall attest the Signature thereof in the proper Names and Hand-writing of the said Witness or Witnesses respectively; provided every such Witness shall be ap Inhabitant of the same Ward, Parish or Place where the said Party shall reside, and who Iball be rated in the Assessinent of the same Duties for the same Ward,

Parish or Place afore said, or if in any Place there shall be no Inhabitant competent to be such Witness, then the said Declaration shall be attested by some credible Witness, rated as aforesaid, and refilling in the next adjoining Parish where the said Party shall reside.

Tenth. — It shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of How, onCbarg< Charge shall be served on occasion of his or her having omitted in the forany Omiftios Return before made for the same Year, any Pcrfcn, Property, Profits, p0auMelp"'v Description, Statement, Account or Estimate, or any Article, Matter ^avoided, or Thing which ought to have been contained in such former Return, or which shall be mentioned in such -Notice of Charge not to be contained io such former Return, or of having claimed any Exemption, Allowance or Deduction not allowed by the said Act or Ad* respectively* or of having returned the Amount or Value of any Property or Profits at less than the Sum whjclj ought to be returned

according

A.D.tSio.

Charge made in Single Duty, unlftfc Surveyor certify Objection,

Form of Declaration in Cases of Charge for defective Returns.

No Declaration required if Party /rive Notice in Writing to Surveyor that his Return is eor-Ttt\, &c.

C. 105# 50* GEO, III.

according to the said Acts respectively, if he or she shall consent or agree to such Charge, to give Notice in Writing of his or her Consent accordingly to the said Surveyor or Infpcftor; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify such Consent, and the Amount of the Single Duty which ought to be charged to the said Commissioners, according to which Certificate the Party charged, and con* fenting thereunto, shall be assessed in the Single Duty, and such Consent shall be deemed equivalent to an amended Return and Declaration as required by this Act 5 or such Person so charged, if he or she shall not so consent or agree in manner aforesaid, may amend such former Return, by delivering to the Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, a Supplementary Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, and as the Case may require, to which a Declaration in Writing shall be annexed to the Effect hereinafter mentioned; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be at Liberty to certify his Satisfaction therewith, or his Objection thereto, to the said respective Commissioners; according to which Certificate the Party charged shall be assessed in the Single Duty if such Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied therewith, or in the Double Duty in the manner hereinbefore directed, in Cases where no previous Return shall have been made, and as the Case may require, fobjeft to the like Power of Appeal from such Objection, and to the like Proceedings in all other reipefts as are before given.

Eleventh. — Every such last mentioned Declaration shall alledge and declare the Grounds and Cause of each Omillion made or mentioned in such Notice of Charge, to have been made in such former Return, and also the Grounds and Cause of each Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, and also that the Return to which the said Declaration is annexed is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Tilings required of him qr her by the said Act or Acts, or by this Act, to which the said Charge shall relate, to the best of his or her Judgment and Belief, and that such Omission or Claim was not made with Intention to defraud the Revenue; which said last mentioned Declaration and Return shall severally and respectively be ligned and attested in the manner before directed in cases of other Declarations and Returns before mentioned.

Twelfth. — No Return or Declaration shall be required of any Property, Prolits, Article, Matter or Thing of which the Party charged shall have made a due Return for the same Year, but the said Party shall be at Liberty to give Notice in Writing to the said Surveyor or Iufpeftor that he or she doth abide by such former Return; or may make out and deliver a Supplementary Return and Declaration in the manner before directed; which Return and Declaration, together with the Return before made, subject nevertheless to the Objection of the said Surveyor or Inspector in manner aforesaid, shall be deemed full, perfect and complete Returns, if the same shall together include all Articles, Matters and Things for which the Party so charged shall be chargeable; and no Person shall be liable to the Penalties contained in this Act for any Article, Matter or Thing which shall have been returned by him or her in manner aforesaid, so that he or she might have been fully charged to the said respective Duties chargeaWe thereon, but only for such Articles, Matters or Things which (hiU not have been returned by him or ber in manner aforesaid.

Thirteenth,

AD.i8id.

333

50° GEO. lit C. 105.

Thirteenth. — If any Surveyor or Inspector shall wilfully make any Wxatious £Jle and vexatious Charge of any of the said Duties, or shall wilfully Charge, &<*. deliver or cause to be delivered to the respective Commissioners for executing the said Acts or any of them, any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge of any of the said Duties, or any false and vexatious Certificate of Objection to any Supplementary Return, or shall be guilty of any fraudulent, illegal or unjust Conduct in the Profe-cutionof any Charge of any of the said Duties, or shall wilfully neglect the Duty of his Office, or in any manner offend against the Laws for regulating the Duty of his said Office, and the same shall be proved on the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners of the Division where such Offence shall be committed, or any Two or more cf them, or on the Affidavit on Oath or solemn Affirmation, to be taken before any One of the said respective Commissioners, of any credible Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two or more of them, or by the Confession of the said Surveyor or Inspector, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for any such Offence, to suspend the Payment to the said Surveyor or Inspector of all or any Reward, Emolument or Advantage which the said Surveyor or Inspector would be entitled to under the said Acts or any of them, for any Increafeof Duty or Overplus above the Rate of Duty occasioned by the Information or Charge of the said Surveyor or Inspector, or such Part thereof as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall deem Just and necessary, and finally to withhold the same, and direct the lame to be paid by the Receiver General into His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer; unless the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit to rest ore the same to the said Surveyor or Inspector, or to mitigate and lessen the Sum ft> to be withheld and paid over into His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that no- Proviio. thing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to impeach or affect any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties imposed by any former Act or Acts, against such Surveyor or Inspector for any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, or for any false and vexatious Charge of any of the said Duties; but all such Penalties, and the Powers for Recovery thereof, shall be and remain in Force notwithstanding the Powers of this Act, or any Ad or Thing done in pursuance thereof.

Fourteenth. — Where any Person or Persons thinking himself, her- Appeal, self or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Charge or Certificate of Objection by any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Charge or Certificate, shall have appealed therefrom to the said Commissioners according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, the Appellant shall, upon the Hearing such Appeal, in all Cases where a List, Statement, Account or Eltimate in Writing, shall or ought to have been delivered by the said Appellant to the Assessor, produce or cause to be prodneed before the said Commif- ProHu&ion sJi oners a true, perfect and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Lift*, &c.

E Hi mate, as the Case may require, to the best of the Judgment and Belief of the said Appellant, with a Declaration in Writing thereunto annexed, to the Effect hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) the said Appellant shall declare that the Lift, Statement, Account or Eftixnatc to which the said Declaration is annexed, doth contain, all

Matters

( hargrs con-f. nut*d in default of Production.

Assessments Trade in Double Duty, &c.

I n what case Double Duly quitted#

Double Duty remit tM where Default lias been iorre<fle<l by Party's Return.

iMoiety of Doable Duty remitted where De-fa uU not fraudulent.

Matters and Things required of the said Appellant to be returned by him or her, for which he or she is chargeable by virtue of aay Act or Acts, to the bed of his or her Judgment and Belief j which Return and Declaration shall severally and respectively be signed by the said Appellant in the proper Name and Hand-writing of the hid Appellant; and in default of the Production of such Lift, Statement. Account or Estimate, by or on the Behalf of the said Appellant, with such Declaration annexed, the said Commissioners shall confirm the Charge or Objection agaiult which such Appeal was made.

Fifteenth. — Upon every Charge allowed or confirmed by the respective Commissioners, in the whole or in part, upon which any Increase of Duty shall be made, the Assessments thereupon shall be made in Double the Amount of Duty which shall have been charged in the Supplementary Assessments on occalion of such Charge, uulefs where the same is otherwise provided for by this Act.

Sixteenth. — Where an amended Return, with a Declaration annexed thereto, shall not be delivered to the Surveyor or Inlpedor, and where no Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate with such Declaration annexed as aforesaid shall be produced to the said Commissioners, on the Hearing of such Appeal, it shall not be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make any Abatement, Defalcation or Remission of the said Double Duty or any Part thereof, but the same shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment; unless the Party charged shall have given Notice of his or her Consent to the Charge of the said Surveyor or Inspector, or unless the said respective Commissioners shall be of Opinion, that the said Surveyor or Inspector was or were enabled to correct or amend the tirft Assessments of the said Duties for that Year, according to the Directions of this Act, by means of oi' by Reference to the original Return of the Party so charged, in which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have confirmed such Charge, at the same time to remit and strike off the Whole of the said Double Duty.

Seventeenth. — Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, if the said Commissioners shall, after Examination of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as directed by the said Acts respectively, be of Opinion that the ailedged Default, Neelect, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, hath been duly accounted for, and that the Cause or Causes have been truly Hated in any amended Return and annexed Declaration, and that the Appellant had a just or reasonable Cause of controverting the said Charge, and that the said Default, Negleet, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, was not wilfully made and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall have confirmed the Charge in part or in the whole, at the same time to remit and strike off the whole of the Double Duty.

Eighteenth. — Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, although no amended Return shall have been delivered to the Surveyor or Inspector as allowed by this Act, if the said Commissioners shall, after Examination of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as directed by the said Acts respectively, be of Opinion that the ailedged Default, Neglect, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, was not wilfully made, and 8 with

335

A.B.l&o. 50° GEO. III. C. 105

with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the fiid Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, at the same time to remit and (trike off any Part of the said Double Duty, not exceeding One Moiety thereof; Provided that in every such case if the Appellant shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that he or she hath been prevented from making such amended Return within the time herein limited by Absence or Sickness or other suficient Cause, and that such Default, Neglect, Omiflior. or Claim as aforesaid was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit and ltrike off the Whole of the said Double Duty.

Nineteenth. — Nothing herein contained shall be construed to grant the Double Duty, or any Part thereof, on any of the said Duties, if the Party charged shall not by the Laws in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, be directed to return the Article, Matter or Thing on which the said Duties shall be chargeable, and for which the said Party was so charged.

Twentieth. — Every Increase of Duty made by occasion of such Charges, whether the Whole of the Double Duty shall be remitted or not, and also the Double Duty, or such Part thereof which shall not be remitted, shall be certified on the Supplementary Assessments to be made for each Year under the Hands of the said respective Commissioners or any Two of them, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall have Authority to direct the Receiver General who shall have received the said Increase and Double Duty, to pay to the said Surveyor and Inspector out of the same in such Proportions as they shall think proper, or to either of them as they fee fit, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Rate which shall have been settled by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, as a Reward for their Labour and Diligence in making such Increase of Duty; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver 6eneral to pay the same.

Twenty first. — The Determination of the Commissioners acting for the General Purposes of the Acts relating to the Duties anling from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades or Offices, upon any Objection made by the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties to the Estimate or Value of any Property, or to the Efti-matc of the Profits of any Prosession, Trade or Office on which any Assessment after Appeal shall be made, shall he construed to preclude any Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards making a further Charge on the same Person or Persons for the same Property or Profits for the same Year of Assessment; and in like manner, the Determination of the said Commissioners upon ever)' such Objection to the Estimates or Value delivered by the Aflessors of the Property in any Parish, Ward or Place in which Assessments after Appeal shall be made, shall preclude the Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards making a further Charge on the same Property in the same Pan(h, Ward or Place in that Year.

Twenty second. — The Objection of any Surveyor or Inspector to*the Estimate or Estimates of any Person or Persons, or of the Af-. feffor or Assessors of any Parish, Ward or Place, or to any Assessment

or

In what case the whole of Doul 1« Duty remitted &c.

In what case no Double Duty.

Reward tO Offi cers.

Cliarge* not to be made after Objections to Estimates of same Ihopvrty.

Cl larges may be made after Objections in certain cases.

33« :

i

O' l >11 to be fore

All. (Ttt Hi.

I lo be nidi a limited

ciuie. !

A 'n n Charges Property >.» J m«iy be

naj*'

u io5- 5o° ueu. in aimrs

or Assessment9 of additional Commissioners in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, shall not be construed to preclude any Surveyor or Inspedlor from afterwards charging the same Person or Persons for any other Property, or the Profits of any other Profession, Trade or Office not included in the Estimate or Estimates, Assessment or Aflefiments before objected to, and determined as aforesaid; nor to preclude any Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards objecting to any other Estimate or Estimates, or Assessment or Assessments, or from afterwards charging any other Person or Persons in the same Parish, Ward or Place, or in any other Parish, Ward or Place in the same or any other Division, in respect of any Property or the Profits of any Profession, Trade or Office, not before objedled to and determined as aforesaid; and the respeetive Commissioners a£ling for the General Purposes of the said last mentioned Acts are heieby strictly enjoined and required to lign and allow such last mentioned Objections and Charge* according to the Dirrdlions of the said Acts, in respect of the Powers therein given to such Surveyor and Inspedlor; provided, that all such Ob-

1'edtions and Charges be made within the Times herein rcfpcdtively imited.

Twenty third. — From and after the passing of this Act, every Objection to the Estimates directed to be made by the said ia(l mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades or Offices, shall be made before the First Aflefiments on such Estimates shall have been signed and allowed by the Commissioners for the Generals Purposes of the said Acts, and not afterwards.

Twenty fourth. — No Charge upon any Affirflrnent under the said last mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades or Offices, shall be allowed or signed, unless the Certificate thereof shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of such Assessment, in case such Assessment shall have been made on or before the said Fifth Day of January, or if such Assessmcrt shall not then have been made, unless the Certificate of Charge thereon shall be delivered to the said Commissioners within Three Calendar Months after such Assessment shall have been made, except in the Cases hereinafter mentioned.

Twenty fifth. — If any Person or Persons shall have neglected to make a Return of Property or Profits as required by the said last mentioned Acts, and no Estimate of the said Property or Profits, nor any Assessment shall be made thereupon for any Year, it shall be lawful for. the Surveyor or Inspedlor, on Discovery thereof at any time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Year, when such Return ought to have been made, to charge such Person or Persons to the Amount which ought to have been returned, in like manner as such Persons might have been charged within the Year of Assessment; and the like Proceedings shall be thereupon had, as if such Discovery and Charge had been made within the Year of Assessment; and every Assessment thereupon made Audi be added to the current Aflefiments of the Parish, Ward or Place, in the manner herein directed.

Twenty

A.D. 1810.

jo0 GEO. III.

C. iof* 537

Twenty sixth. — If any Person or Persons bail by any Faifehood, jn cafrof F^ud, wilful Neglect, Fraud, Covin or Contrivance whatever, escape fro* Charge to be Taxation lor the Profits of any distinct Property, frosession, Trade m*U. or Office for any Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Ilj-fpefior, within the like Period of Twelve Calendar Months 9$ aforesaid, to charge such Person or Persons to Double the A amount of Duty which ought to have been charged in the Year of A fie Ament upon such distinct Property, Prosession, Trade or Office; and upon Proof of such Falsehood, wilful Neglect, Fraud, Covin or Contrir*-ance. to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to whom such Charge frail be certified, the Assessment on the said Double Duty frail stami

f)od, and be added to the Supplementary Aflefimtnts of the current ear of the Parifr, Ward or Place*and no Part thereof frail be remitted on any pretence whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions in the ProfSfions btfort preceding Clause of this Act, relating to Charges in the Single Duty mentioned neks* as aforesaid, frail be construed, so far as the same respect the Duties of Assessed Taxes in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, as apr plicable to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty third Year Smchaige?in of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing Double Duty, the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for tie to he eonftmed Affair* (f Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for^hlt to granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for rspeeding9«. 161.

the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages tconfiruiltd by tHg Coaclmakersx and granting new Duties thereon, under the Manage- 46 G. a. c 05, meat of the said Commissioners for the Jifairs of Taxes; and alfa Sm* new Duties on Persons Jelling Carriages l>y Au3ion or Commission;

and any other Act or Acts for regulating the said Duties respec* tively, and relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and as far as the said Provisions respect the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Profession9, Trades and Offices in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the same frail be conltrucd as applicable to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His flfajeflj during the present IVar and until the Sixth Day of April next after the jRatification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates And Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profession*, Trades and Offices; and for repealing AH A3 passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty9for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Tear of HisMpresent -Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profession*, Trades and Offices; and to consoliaate and render more effie3ual the Provisions for collcQing the said Duties; and any other Act or Acts for regulating the said Duties respectively, alia relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and as if the said Pro* visions in the said Clause of this Act relating to Charges in the Single Duty had been expressly applied to the Provisions of the said Acts respectively relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and had been respectively enacted therein; and all Provisions, Protifam in Clauses, Matters and Things in the said several Acts respectively, A£U rep^ntt* which are repugnant to the Provisions in the said Clause of thus hereto repealed. Ad, and for which other Provisions are made in this Act, except such Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things therein as relate so

Surcharges in the Double 50 Geo. Ill,

33»

Commissionrrr n- ing not liable to Suits.

Colls.

43 G. 3. c. 161. $29, repealed.

Notice to A Bettor.

V

C. 105. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

applicable to the Provisions of this Act shall severally cease and determine.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commissioner or Commissioners acting in the Execution of any such Act or A 6ti herein mentioned, or of this Act, (hal), by Information, or other Process or Proceedings whatsoever at the Suit or on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be proceeded against or impleaded for or by reason of any Matter or Thing he or they may do or determine, or may refuse or omit to do in or about the Execution of any such Act or Acts, and upon the Trial of such Information or other Process a Verdict (hair be given, or any Order or Rule of Court shall be made for such Commissioner or Commissioners, or such Information or other Process or Proceeding shall be discontinued or withdrawn, or dismissed the Court in which they shall have been prosecuted, then, and in either of the said Cases, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be entitled to his or their full Cods of Suit, to be taxed by the proper Officer of such Court as between Attorney and Client; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to diteft the Receiver General of the County within which any such Commissioner or Commissioners shall act, and the said Receiver General is hereby required to pay such taxed Cods out of any Money in his Hands arising from the Duties of Adefled Taxes, and which shall be allowed in the Accounts of the said Receiver General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxest and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conJlru8ed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons filling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, as directs that every rerfon who should begin to retain or employ any Male Servant, or other Male Person therein described, or keep or use any Carriage, (such Servant or Carriage not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty) or to use or exercise the Trade of an Horsedealer, or Coach-maker or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auction or on Commission, or to wear or use Hair Powder, or any Armorial

mploy any the Duty

_ or other

Male Person therein described, or keeping or using any other Ca^ riage liable to the like Duty in the Place or Stead of such Servant* or Carriage, or who should cease to use or exercise the said Trade or Business of an Horsedealer, or of a Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auction or on Commissioo, or to wear or use any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, should, within Twenty Days after he or she should so begin or cease to retain or employ such Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use such Carriage, or to use or exercise such Trade or Trades, or to wear or use any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given

to

Bearings pr Ensigns, or who should cease to retain or e Male Servant, or to keep or use any Carriage liable to without retaining or employing any other Male Servant

A.D. 1810.

3 39

50° GEO. III. C. 105.

to the Affeflor or Assessors for the Distri6k, Parish or Place where he or she should reside, and a List of the Number of such Servants and Carriages, and the Ipcrease or Decrease made thereby, and the particular Rate of Duty to which he or she should be liable as having used or exercised such Trade or Trades, or worn or used Hair Powder or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, describing in such Notice every such Servant or other Male Person by his proper Name, and the fever?l Capacities in which Servants or other Male Persons respec-tirely should be or should have been retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Bodies used with, and of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and the Number of Horses used in drawing any such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, and also distinguishing each such Carriage liable as a taxed Cart, and the Name or Names and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who ought to return such Lilts.; shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And whereas by the said last mentioned Act of the Forty c third Year of His present Majesty's Reign it is enacted, That the

respective Commimouers should cause Two Duplicates of every

Afeffinent to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, wiship

One Month at fart heft after the Tenth Day of February, after

the making the said Assessment yearly, to be delivered as therein is mentioned under a Penalty on the Clerk to the said Commissioners who shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates within the time before directed: And whereas it is necessary to give further time for making out and delivering such Duplicates*

Be it further enacted, That in respect of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, the said respective Commissioners shall cause the Duplicates required by the said Act to be made out after the time appointed by the said Act for making the Supplementary Aflefimputs of the said Duties yearly* and within One Month at farthest after all Appeals from the said Supplementary Assessments shall have been heard and determined, and to that the lame may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, on or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the last Instalment of the said Duties next after the Fifth Day of ^fril yearly; and in respect of the Duties arising from, the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, the (laid respe6kive Commissioners shall cause the Duplicates required by the said As to be made out after the Time appointed by this Act, for. making the Supplementary Afftffments of the said last mentioned Duties yearly, and within One Month at farthest after all Appeals fron^ the said Supplementary Assessments shall have been heard and determined, and so that the same may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, on.or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the last Instalment of the said last mentioned Duties next after the Fifth Day of July yearly; and no Clerk to the said respective CommiU fioners who shall make out and deliver the respe6five Duplicates re* quired by the said Act within the time aforesaid shall be sued or prosecuted for, or liable to the Penalty contained in the said A6$ by reason of not making out or delivering the said respective Duplicate) within the time directed by the said Act.

43 C. 3. c. 99. §46.

Time for making out and delivering Duplicate* of AffeflWutt enlarged.

A.D. 1810.

34

No Person haring maHe out Lifts of the gmteft NumHer of Servauts, &c. fha'l be compel* lahie to make out a fresh Lift.

C. 105.

50 GEO. III.

Proviso.

Im. what eafat Ifeuble Dm ft ruck oft*

Tr.e allowed for delivering in amended Return.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, or in any Year, have made out, signed and delivered in the Manner dire6bd by the said last mentioned Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or shall in any future Year make out, sign and deliver in like manner, Lifts of the greatest Number of Servants or'other Male Persons retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs kept by such Person, or of having worn or used Hair Powder or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in the Course of the Year ending On the Fifth Day of jffril preceding the Delivery of fudi Lift, and who shall continue to retain or employ the like Number and Description of Servants or Other Male Persons, and keep the like Number and Description of Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs respectively, or wear or use Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in the like manner lubjed to the like Duty as in the Year to which such Lift related, and in the same Ward, Parish or Place, shall be obliged to make out, sign and deliver such Lifts or either of them, in any succeeding Year, nor be subject or.liable to any Penalty for omitting or neglecting so to do, so long as such Person shall continue to reside in such Wanl, Parish or Place, and shall not be chargeable in any other Ward, Parish or Place, for any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog kept by such Person: Provided always, that such Person shall in each Year deliver or cause to be delivered to the Aflessor or Affeflors of the Ward, Parish or Place, Notice in Writing that he or fee is desirous of being charged for the same Articles, Matter* and Things as in the preceding Year; and every such Notice (hatl be an Authority for the said Commissioners to charge such Person in the First Assessments for that Year for the same Articles, Matters and Things respectively, for which such Person stood charged in the Assessments of the preceding Year.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Charge by any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, of any of the Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs, and for using Hair Powder, or Armorial Ensigns, where it shall he p^pved on Appeal to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners acting for the Division, that there was any Doubt whether the Article or Articles so charged was or were rateable within the meaning of the said A 6b, or any of them, and that the Omifiien thereof or alledged Default was not wilfully made and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to remit or strike off the whole of the Double Duty chargeable on the Person or Persons so charged.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be charged In pursuance of this Act by the Certificates of any Surveyor or In* fpedor, shall have the full Period of Ten Days after Service of the Notice of such Charge, to deliver his or her amended Return to such Surveyor or Infoedor, according to the Directions of this Act, and no Certificate of such Charge shall be signed or allowed by the find Commissioners, nor any Appeal shall be heard from such Chaise before the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days; and if the Person so charged shall before the Expiration of the said Period deliver a Return and Declaration as aforesaid, which the said Surveyor or Inspector shall object to, then such Return and Declaration shall be

8 - deemed

A.D.iti<h

s» ceo. in.

c. $4*

demechtebe a fufibieit Notice of Appeal frOoi such Charge to the Commissioners of the Divifiou, who are hereby required to hear tad determine the Matter thereof, according to the Directions of this Act; and if the Person lo charged shall not before the Expiration of the said Period of Ten Days deliver a Return or Declaration as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Ap» pearance before the said Commissioners of the Person charged, or some Person on his or her Behalf, and the Delivery to them of such Lid and Declaration as is hereinbefore required on the Day or Days appointed for hearing Appeals from tLe Charges of such Surveyor or Inspector, to hear and determine the Matter of such Chug?, according to the Directions of this Act, notwithfUoding the Person so charged shall not have given any previous Notice of his or her Iotention to appeal $ Provided that in default of the Appearance of the Party charged before the said Commissioners, or some Person on his or her behalf, oa such Day or Days of Appeal, or in default of the Fro-dudion of such Lid or Declaration as aforesaid, the Certificate of such Charge shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further entded, That if any Person in any such Making fmlfe Declaration as aforesaid shall wilfully and fraudulently declare ant Declaration, Matter or Thing which shall be fmlfe or untrue, every Person so ok Mftku*6300* fending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty

of a Misdemeanor, and shall be committed to the Gaol of the County, Riding or Shire where such Offence shall be tried, for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and foatt be fined in such Sum, not exceeding Treble the Amount of Duty for which such Person shall have been charged, as the Court before whom such Trial shall be bad shall think fit to order.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment for such Mif- In<B&mrot ft* demeanor in making a false Declaration as aforesaid, whether such Wfr Deekntioa Declaration shall Ik made within Great Britain or without, shall be how laid, &c. laid, tried and determined in the County, Riding or Shire where such Declaration shall be exhibited, to the respective Commissioners of the

Duties to which inch Declaration shall relate.

XI. And whereas by ao Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of 4S G^a. e. ist#

4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the No. a,

4 Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the

Profits of Property, Profeffioas, Trades and Offices t and to regulate f the Assessnunt and Colleftim of the fame9 certain Rules and Directions

are contained for paying to the Receiver General and accounting 4 for the Duties received by the Collectors in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the same 4 (houkl be altered and amended in certain ParticularsBe it further

eroded, That whenever any Schedule of Arrears shall have been or A iron of Duties

shall be transmitted by the respective Commissioners acting in the Exe- may be collected*

cution of the Acts in relation to the Duties therein mentioned, or

any of them, to the Receiver General of the said respective Duties,

and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be of Opinion

that the said Duties in Arrear might more conveniently be collected

by the respective Collectors of the said Duties in thleir respective

Difirid*, according to the Directions of the several Acts granting

than by Process to be issued out of tire Court of Exchequer, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to

zj

direct

A.D.t$io.

34* C. ro$ 106. -50° GEO. III.

direct the said Receiver General to' return the said Schedules to the said respective Commissioners from whom he or they received the same; and the said respective Commissioners shall cause the said Duties in Arrear to be levied fonder all or any of the Powers and by any of the ways* and methods proscribed in the said Acts respectively, without Delay.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for regulating the Manner of afTeflitig Land?, in certain

- 'Cases, to the Duties arising from the Profits of Propetty, Profession<, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the said Duties on occasion of Lofies, in other Case.* therein mentioned. [20th June 1810.]

4fiG.3. e. 65. 4 TT7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the

Sch. A. No. 1. 4 Reign of His prefeiit Majesty, for granting certain Duties 4 on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and 4 Offices, the Duty on Lands and Tenements is thereby directed to 4 be estimated and afiefled according to a general Rule in the said > Act set forth: And 'hereas Doubts are entertained axto the manner of applying the said Rule to the Cases of Lands demised, in the manner and under the Circumstances herein contained May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it euafted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Puled to oh- the same, That upon every Demise for Years of Lands situate in ferwi in assessing any Part of Great Britain, made or to be made in consideration of a l^iulai reserverf J^eut reserved, and also in consideration of certain Improvements to Hem, anJ lor be made in the Lands demised at the proper Cost and Charge of the

mpr jremeut. Lessee or Tenant, if it shall be proved to rhe Satisfaction of the

Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, acting for the Division where such Lands are situate, that the Rent reserved hath beeu settled on the Estimate of the Medium annual Value of the said Lands, computed on an Average for the whole Term granted in expectation of the progressiYe Improvement of the said Farm, at the Cost and Charge of the said Lefiee or Tenant, and that the said annual Rent is fixed and made payable to the fam? Amount in each Year on the said Average, whereby the said Rent so estimated and made payable did or doth exceed the just annual Value of the said Lands, as the same were or are worth to be let at Rack Rent on or at the Commencement of the Term granted in and by the said Demise, then, and in every such case, the Estimate of the annual Value of the said Lands, and the Affettment thereupon, shall be made and computed according to the following Rules; that is to say, in regard tuat the Rent reserved hath been settled on a fair Average of the annual Value of the said Lands, computed on the whole of the .Term so granted, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such case as aforesaid, and they arc hereby required on due Proof of the Circumstances before mentioned, to cause the said Duty payable in respect of the Property in the said Lauds to be estimated, computed and charged on the Amount of the Rent so reserved and made payable as aforesaid, lor each Year of AfieflmeQt during the said 2 Term

A.D.i«io»

jo» GEO. Ill;

C. 106.

3*3

Term to cone titer the passing of this. Ad, without Variatidn during the said Term; subject nevertheless to such Dedudions as by the bud Ad are allowed; and it shall also be lawful for the fai<J Commissioners, and they are, hereby required in every such Case, to cause the said J)uty payable in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands, tabe eft 1 mated, computed and charged on the full and just Value of the bud Lands, to be ascertained at the times and in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, on all such Demises made before the passing of this Act the annual Value of the said Lands shall be the Rack.

Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year, to be ascertained at the Commencement of the First Year of Assessment after the

Cg of this Act, by a Valuation to be made thereof under the*in and according to the Directiona of the said Act, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, which Valuation shall be in force for the Term of Seven Years of Assessment, if the said Demise of the said Lands shall not sooner expire; and a like Valuation of the said Lands shall be made at the End of every Seventh Year of Af-fefliment during the Continuance of the said Demise, and the Amount ascertained by such Valuation shall be deemed to be the Rack Rent at which the said Lands are worth to be let for each Period of Seven Years, if the said Demise shall not sooner expire, and the Assessment.thereupon shall in e^ch Year during the said respective Periods of Seven Years he made on the fall or preceding Valuation; and on all such Demises to be made after the passing of this Act, the annual Value of the said Lands shall be the Rack Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year, to be ascertained at the Commence* moot of the said Demise by a like Valuation to be made thereof in Manner aforesaid, and to be renewed at the End of every Seventh Year during the said Demise; and each Valuation so made shall be in force, for the Term of Seven Years, and shall govern the Afleftment to be made in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands, in like manner as is before directed.

II. And whereas Losses have been occasioned by Floods or Tem-\ pests, for which Relief should be granted to the Occupiers of such*Lands on which Damage has been sustained, and also to the Owners*thereof who shall have granted Compensations to their Tenants on ' occasion of such Losses 5' Be it further enacted, That whenever by fufained Floods or Tempests any Loss -shall have been or shall be sustained 00, i, y Omipims the growing Crops, or on the Stock on Lands demised to a Tenant andOroen. or Tenants at a reserved Rent without Fine or other Sum paid, given or contracted for, in lieu of a reserved Rent or any Part thereof, or the said Lands or any Part thereof shall by ftkch Floods or Tempests be rendered incapable of Cultivation for any Year, and it shall have been er shall be proved on Oath or solemn Affirmation to'the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, acting for the Division where the said .Lands are situate, that the Owner or Owners of the said Lands hath or have in con- Relief ftderation of such Losses abated or agreed to abate to his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, the Whole or auy Proportion of the fyent reserved or payable by such Tenant or Tenants, for any Year, or Years of fuen Demise, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Property in the said Lands under the said Act for the same Year pr Years for which such Rent hath been, abated, and to discharge therefrorp the Whole or

Z 4 the

>'n

4

C.to 6.

50° GEO. III.

AJJ.1810.

extended to Occupiers and Owrt-era where Owqt n incapable of contenting to Abatement of Rc*i.

AUtrment of AfleO.i fiit in case of L*0e*«

Indnanifitiidoa of Cornir/fSou*

Making fallt

the like Proportion of Duty as die laid Owner or Owners-flikfl tp-jKnr on such Proof as aforesaid to have abated of or from the Rent referred and made payable to him or them on such Demrfe; and it (ha)l also be lawful for the fieud Commissioners in every luck Case to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Occupation of the said Linda for the same Year or Years, and to discharge therefrom the like Proportion of Duty as shall have been abated or discharged from the Assesstnent made in respect oi the Property on the said Lands for the Cause aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever from the like Cause or Causes as aforesaid, the hke Losses shall have been sustained on the Lands of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or other Proprietor incapable of consentmg to any Abatement in the Rent as aforesaid, being in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants as aforesaid, and the lame shall have been proved before the said Commissioners to their Satisfaction, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands; and to discharge the Whole or any Part of the said Duty, and in proportion to the Losses so sustained and to the Amount which the said Commissioners should be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, pursuant to the Provisions of the preceding Clause, if the said Lands had belonged to a Proprietor of full Age and of found Mind, and capable of such Content as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever from the like Cause or Causes as aforesaid, the like Lodes shall have been sustained on Lands in the Occupation of the Owner or Owners, and the same shall have been or shall be proved before the said Commissioners to their Satisfaction on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, ft shall be lawful for them to abate in the several Assessments made in respect of the Property in or Occupation of the said Lands, and to discharge th* Whole or any Part of the said respective Duties, and in proportion to the Losses so sustained, and to the Amount which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, purfoatii to the Provisions of the said Clanfe if the said Lands W been demised to a Tenant, and a proportionate Abatement had pr ought to have been made to such Tenant under the Circumstanoes of the said Loss.

V. And he h further enacted, That upon ail Claims made before ths passing of this Act to Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, for Abatements for Losses sustained by any Cause or* Causes before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Abatements in like manner and to the like Extent, and in the like Cases and under the like Circumstances, as they are herein authorised to give Relief upon Claims to be made after the psffing of this Act, and all Abatements of Duty made by Commif-noners in the like Cases and under the Hke Circumstances as aforesaid, am hereby declared to be confirmed and valid and of the like Force ad if the Claims for such Abatements, or such Abatements had been iMV«eftivelyv made in pursuance of this Act; and the said respective Gbamifioners are hereby indemnified for so doing.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person os Persons shall be guiihy of making any false Claim for such Abate-JJMQt as Jfcnfud, or Audi be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in

making

S<i° GEO. IH.

G. io6, 107.

345

wiring filth drift* or hi obttftffljir any fudi Abatement, or shall* fmdiueistly or untruly declare the Amount or Value of such Losses, or the Amount or Valoe of any Abatement made or agreed to be made vu the Rent of the Lands in his or her Occupation, 011 account of such Losses, with Intent fraudulently to obtain any such Abate-meat, he, (he or they so offending (hfcll forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Treble the Amount of Duty charged on such Person Or Pevfons in respect of the said Lands; and if any Owner or Owners of any such Lands whereon such Losses have been sustained, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall aid, abet or assist any Person or Persons charged to the said Duties, in making such falie' or fraudulent Claim, or shall fraudulently or untruly declare the ^filling. Amount or Value of any Abatement made or agreed to be made in the Rent of the said Lands or Amount of such Losses, with intent fraudulently to obtain for himself, herself or themselves, or for his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, or for the Owner or Owners, or Tenant or Tenants of the said Lands, any such Abatement as aforesaid, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, IhaH forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which several Penalty. Penalties shall be recovered and applied as any Penalties may be recovered and applied by the said Act.

VII. Ai«d be it further enacted, That the Profits arising from Eastlndra Duck the Docks called the 2iaff India Docks, situate in the County of Com»*ny lion Middlesex, shall be assessed by the Commissioners acting for the City of London y under the said Act for granting Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, so long as the general Accounts of the said Docks shall be made up within the kid City.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to regulate the Examination and Payment of Aflfign* xnents for Clothing of His Majesty's Forces.

[20th June 1810/J

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the 4b G. 3. C, 58.

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to repeal

an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the

hitter Regulation of the Office of Paymajltr General of Hit mayfly's

Forcesy and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the

more esse dually regulating the said Office: And whereas it is expedient*

that the said Act should be amended as to examining and Payment ' of Assignments for the Clothing of His Majesty's Forces May it' therefore pkafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad- vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comifions, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the*

same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December One AffignmeaUfmm thousand eight hundred and nine, all Assignments from Colonels or* GtlontU,*r. fui-other Officers commanding Regirhents, Corps, Troops or Companies (*l<Hhing«rRri; i-io His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Foroes, for the Clothing of ment'> mu.f-fuch Regiments, Coras, Troops and Companies for any Period com- ihencing from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand^eight hundred and nine, or commencing from any subsequfcnt Period, '

shall be traafafitted to and lodged with the Secretary at War, to be

examined

If

ovGc \

A.D.i8t&

346 C. 107, 108.

50° GEO. III.

examined and cheeked with the proper Establiftimehts of the federal

Regiments, Corps, Troops and Companies, for which such Affign-menta shall have been given, and the Amounts of Money to be issued for the Payment of such Affignment6 shall be ascertained by the Officer of the Secretary at War, in such manner, and under such Regulations as shall be from time to time made by the Secretary at War in that behalf; and all Monies to be issued in respect of such Affigftments shall be included and specitied in Warrants to be made out for that Purpose; and all Payments to be made by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Foroes, in respect of any such Afiign-ments, shall be made and issued upon such Warrants only and not Warrants far otherwise; and such Warrant shall be a fufficiept Discharge to the Payment. Paymaster General for such Issue and Payment, any thing in the said

recited Act or any other Act or Acts, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

TreafuTv may.JI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fortbe Com-pmnit fexportsr- missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized Mll|Uiry or empowered by any Warrant or Order under the Hands of any Dutyfree, C# Three or more of them, to permit and allow any Military Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments for His Majesty's Forces to be exported and sent to any of His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad, whether in His Majesty's Dominions or otherwise, free of any Duty of Customs or Excise, or other Duty whatsoever, under such Re-ftridiona and Regulations as shall be specified in any such Warrant or Order, or in any general Warrant or Order, made in that behalf, and transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty'9 Customs for the Regulation of the Export of any such Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments, any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law .or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, apd the Protection of the Persons employed therein.

[20th. June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the 4 better Supplying the Cities of London and West min fter with Fijk, and 4 to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to protect and «r- courage Fishermen, certain Persons therein described, being the*Masters of Fishing Ships, Smacks, Vessels or Boats employed in the Fishery on any of the Sea Coasts of Great Britain, or in any of the navigable Rivers within Great Britain, and Apprentices, Mariners and Landmen employed in such Vessels, to a limited Number, according to the Tonnage- of such Vessels, were protected 4 from being imp refled into the Naval Service of His Majesty, hit*Heirs and Successors 5 and the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of 4 them, were thereby empowered to grant such Protedions: And whereas it hath been found iince the passing of the said Act that 4 various Sorts of Fish retire in the Winter Season into deeper Water,

and

&G.S.C. 15. $ 33.

$33,

A.D. 1810.

5o° GEO. in.

C.108.

347

and it has therefore become necessary, for the Supply of the Metropolis and other Puts of the Kingdom with such Fish at all Seasons of the Year, to build and use much larger Classes of Fishing Vessels, which cannot with Safety or Profit be navigated without a greater Number of Men and Boys than are allowed to be exempt from being impressed under the said Act: And whereas the encouraging the taking of Apprentices on such Voyages is highly beneficial, in establishing a Nursery for Seamen for His Majesty's Navy; and it is therefore expedient that the Provisions of the said Act, as to exempting Persons employed in the Vessels therein described, should be amended, and should, as to all Fishing Vessels, be extended to Fishing in the deep Seas beyond the Coasts, and to a greater Number of Apprentices May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mplt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by' the Authority of the same, That from <and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the exempting the Persons employed in Vefiela in the Fisheries from being impressed shall be and the same is hereby repealed; save and except as to any Protections from being impressed to which any Person may be entitled under the said Act, which shall remain in full force for their full Period as if the said Act had remained in full force.

II. And be it also enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person hereinafter specified who shall be employee in the Fisheries of these Kingdoms, shall be freed and exempted from being impressed into the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, other than and except in the Cases hereinafter excepted, that is to say, First, every Master who shall have the Care or Conduct of any Fishing Vessel or Boat which shall be employed in the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and who or some Owner of which Fishing Vessel or Boat shall have or within Six Calendar Months before the applying for any Protection as hereinafter is allowed, shall have had One or more Apprentice or Apprentices under the Age of Sixteen Years, each bound to him or to any such Owner as aforesaid, for a Term not less than Five Years, and which Apprentice or Apprentices in pursuance of such binding actually shall be or have been in the Service of such Master or Owner in the Business of a Fisherman: Secondly, every such Apprentice, not exceeding the Number of Eight Apprentices to every Master or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel of the Burthen of Fifty Tons and upwards* and not exceeding Seven Apprentices to every Master or Owner as aforesaid of every Fishing Vessel of the Burthen of Thirty five Tons and upwards, and under Fifty Tons, and not exceeding Six Apprentices to every such Master or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel of or aboye the Burtheft of Thirty Tons and under Thirty live Tons, and not Exceeding the Number of Four Apprentices to every such Master or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel or Boat under the said Burthen of Thirty Tons, during the time every such respective Apprentice as aforesaid shall continue as an Apprentice in the actual Service of fuc^i his Master only, or of his Representatives or Assigns, in the Business of a Fisherman, and in no other Service, and until the respective Age of Twenty Years of every such Apprentice who shall so long continue

in

repealed.

Matters and Apprentices and Mariners and Landmen, era- ployed in Fiftiing Vessel* limited in Number according to Tonnage, prote&cfi from l)«ing impressed.

343

JLD.iSvx

C. 108. jo* GEO. ill.

AflMavit to xtuitlr and Cent to il.c Adnaira'iv, ilefcriUing Vet-fe! % and Persons to ! |*rme$ed, and Prottf&oii* to l>t granted.

Prme&ed Persons impressed.

in the Fiftiing Trade 5 Thirdly, One Mariner for avery such Veffei or Boat of Ten Ton* Burthen and upward*, beildet the Matter and his Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, who shall be employed t# navigate or iifh in any Fiflting Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards during the time such Mariner shall continue and be so actually and truly employed in the said Fiftiing Service 1 and» Fourthly, any Landmen above the Age of Eighteen Years and under Thirty Years, who shall enter on board any such Fiftiing Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards, and be actually employed in navigating or fishing therein, for and during the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the time of his first going to Sea, employed as aforesaid in any such Fishing Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards as aforesaid, and to the End of any Fishing Voyage he may then be engaged in, and if he shall continue and be so long really and truly employed in such Service.

III. And be it further enacted, That on an Affidavit sworn before some Justice or Just ices of the Peace, that the Person or Perioos named and described in such Affidavit is or are within some or one of th e Descriptions hereinbefore specified, and inserting therein the Ton-nafc!e of every such Fishing Veffei or Boat, and the Port or Place to whi ch (he belongs, and the Name and Description of every such Mailer, and i\he Age of every such Apprentice, and the Term for which every such Apprentice shall be bound and the Date of his Iodenture, and the N ame, Age and Description of every such Mariner and Laodmaa respect ivdy, and the Time of every such Landman's first going to Sea, being offered to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the C gmmissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of GnxitBritain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or left at t.he Office of Admiralty, the said Lord High Admiral or Commission^rs of the Admiralty for the time being is and are hereby directed and required, with all convenient Speed after every such Affidavit (hah* be tendered to him or them or left at the Admiralty Office(unlefs he or they shall have reasonable Cause to suspect the Truth of any such Affidavit, and in every such Case he and they is and are hereby directed to cause Enquiry to be made into the Truth of the Matters c< mtained in every such Affidavit) from time to time to grant a separate Protection to every such Person as aforesaid respectively during the time he is allowed by this Act to be protected, and without any I lee or Reward to be paid or taken for the same; and every Person vh© shall be impressed contrary to the Intent of this Act shall, on producing the Protection which shall have been granted to him in pursuance of this Act, to the Commanding Officer who shall have in his Custody or under his Care any such impressed Person as aforesaid, be forthwith difehatged and released by such Commanding Officer.

IV. And lx* it further enacted, That if during the Continuance of any Protediom which shall be granted under this Act, any Person who shall be t hereby protected shall be impressed tq serve flis Majesty, his Heim or Success<r8 (other than and except in the Case of an actual Invasion of these Kingdoms, or imminent Danger thereof) and figuified tty tome Order of His Majesty, or his Heirs, or of his or their Privy Council, to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for tlae time being, and on producing the Protection which

C. l.

34?

50° GEO. m.

ft all |j»tf brth so granted to him to the Commanding Officer of the or Gang who shall imp refs any such Person protected as aforesaid, or if offering to produce the same for the Inspection of such the Commanding Officer, any such Commanding Officer shall refuse or uegleffc to fee or examine such Protection, or shall detain the same Pro* te&on from the Party entitled thereto, and shall not forthwith discharge the Party who shall be so impressed; or if the Party so im. pressed shall be carried on board any Ship or Vessel of or in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Captain or any Officer who shall have the Command on board any such Ship or Vessel of or in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeifori, fluiff not on any such Protection granted as aforesaid being produced or tendered to him, or if such Protection shall have been taken away from the Party to whom it was so granted, at or after his having been so impressed, then if on an Affidavit being made before same Justice or Ju dices of the Peace that such Protection wa9 so granted and continues m Force and was taken away from the Party to whom the same was so granted, either at or after the time he was impressed^ and being tendered to the Captain or Officer who shall have the Com* mand on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, such Captain or Captain, &r. Officer having the Command as aforesaid shall not forthwith discharge notdilcluxging. the Party who shall have been so impressed and brought on (hipboard as aforesaid, or if any Captain or Officer having Command as aforesaid, or any of the Crew or Company under him, shall take away or detain any such Protection granted as aforesaid, then every Person who in any of the said Cases (nail so offend, except in the'Cases hereinbefore excepted, shall respectively forfeit and pay to the Party imperiled, if not an Apprentice, and if an Apprentice, then to the respective Matter of every such Apprentice, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in like manner as other Forfeitures incurred by this Act are hereinafter directed to be recovered Penalty, and levied.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Seaman or Mari- Seamen wfnGn*-ner after he shall have entered into any Agreement or taken any Ear- to fulfil Ago* nest for the Performance of any Fishing Voyage or for any stipulated mem. time of any Fishing Season, shall neglect or refuse to proceed on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he shall have engaged or taken Earaeft, every such Seaman or Mariner shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, and it shall and mar be lawful, upon Penalty. Complaint made thereof to any of His Majesty's Just ices of the Peace within .their respective JurrldiCtions by the Master or Owner or Owners, or any other Person having Charge or Command of the Vessel or Boat in which such Seaman or Mariner engaged so go, for such Justice, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Seaman or Mariner, and in case such Seaman or Manner shall not pay such Penalty, or give sufficient Reason for such Rc£u-fal to the Satisfaction of such Justice, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Fourteen puniftunent. Days.

Vf. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Owner of Hiring #r en-eoy Ship, Vessel or Boat shall hire, entice, harbour, entertain or em* Appren* ploy in any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Apprentice, Seaman or Laudman, belonging to any Fishing Vessel or Boat, or who shall have

engaged

^j.O

3S

C. 108.

50i° GEO. III.

A.D»i£io«

Penally.

Juftu-M to determine Differencei.

Diftre&.

engaged to go on any Fishing Voyage, knowing that such Apprentice, Seaman or Landman does belong to such Fishing Vessel, or has engaged to goon a FifliingVoyage, or after Notice given there* of, every fitch Matter or Owner as aforesaid, on being convicted of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied in manner hereinafter specified.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions shall hear and determine all Offences committed against the true Intent of this Act, and that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and made payable by this Act, whereof the time of Payment is not hereinbefore directed, shall be paid within Twenty four Hours after the Conviction of the Offender, ' either by iiis or her Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath every Justice within hi* respective Jurisdiction is hereby authorized and required to admimfter, and that any Justice or Judiers within his- or their respectire JurisdiCtion may issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer within their respective Jiirifdiction, to levy the same by Didrefs of Goods and Chattels of the respective Person and Persons who shall be so convicted, and which shall be found within the respective Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices; and if within Five Days from any such Didrefs being taken the Money forfeited shall not be paid, together with the Cods of such Didress, the Goods so didrained shall be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cods and Charges of the Didrels and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justices of the County, City, Riding, Division or Place in which the Offender or Offenders shall have been conviCed, and if sufficient Didrefs cannot at any time be found whereby the Money which shall be for eited by any Offender or Offenders against this AC can be levied on his, her Or their Goods and Proof ouOtih. Chattels, then, and in every such Case, upon Proof thereof upon Oath before some Justice or Justices within whose respeCive JurisdiCion any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, such Jullice or Justices shall on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutor* of any such Offender or Offenders, issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, direCed to some Peace Officer or Officers to apprehend every such Offender or Offenders, if he, (he or they can be found, and to convey and commit every such Offender and Offenders to the House of CorreCion of the County, City or Place where any such Offender or Offenders shall be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding One Month, as any such Justice or Justices shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner paid.

VIII. Provided alway8, apd^it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall fufftr any Punishment for any Offence committed against thi* Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within Three Calendar Month* after such Offence committed; and that where any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to thi* A & for any Offence contrary thereto, in default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, such Person shall not be liable afterward* to pay such Penalty.

V IX. And

Imprisonment.

Lim'fUtton of frofecutlDM.

A.D. 1810*

C.108.

35*

$o° GEO. ra.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons to the Satrsfalftion of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices is likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor or any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Justice or Justices, and be examined and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons, to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices at such seasonable time as in such Summons shall be tixed; and if any Person so summoned shall neglefl or refitfe to appear at the time by such Summons appointed, and no just Cause shall be offered for such Neglect or Kefufal, then after Proof by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every such Justice and Justicesis and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal ot; their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, and on the Appearance of any such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, every such Justice or Justice3 is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness, and if any such Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before such Justice or Justices shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering any just Cause for such Refusal, any such Justice or Justices within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refulingtobe examined to the Publick Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor lefa than Three Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

X. And be it also enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for

'any Offence agahift this Act shall go into, reilde or he in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdifction of the Justice or Justices who shall have granted any such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County; Riding, Division. City, Liberty, Town or Place into which such Offender or Offenders against this Att shall go or be, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, (Proof being first made on Oath of such Warrant having been signed by such other Justice or Justices) and every Warrant lo indorsed shall be fuftieient Authority to all Persons to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices who first granted such Warrant, and every such Justice and Justices respectively as the Case shall happen, after indoffing any such Warrant as aforesaid, may, on the Offender or Offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any such Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions, hear and determine the Matter of the Complaint contained in every such W arrant, in the same manner a»if such Complaint .had originally arose within the Jurisdictjanof

Justicesn»7 fumraon Witnesses.

Refuting tv appear.

Warrant.

Refuting to be examined.

Committal.

Offenders going to reticle in other Couuiics.

Warrant

lucked.

Application of iVn.il ties.

Ari*»*

Security. N« ce.

O.IU

pirtrcfc.

form, of Con* viction.

such Justice or Justices who shall have so backed any such Warranty or* may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried before a Justice or Justices within whose Jurisdiction the Offence was committed» there to be dealt with according to Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of all Money which shall be forfeited for any Offence which shall be committed against this Act (and not herein otherwise appropriated), shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Pertons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, for the Benefit of the dame Hospital.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be -lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think him, her or them* selves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice or Juilices of the Peace upon account of any Offence committed or supposed to be committed against this Act, to appeal to the General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where any such Offence shall have been committed next after the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders for any Offence committed againil this Act, the Person or Persons so appealing, first giving Security in Double the Sum forfeited before such Justice or Juilices to prosecute such Appeal with Efsect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal, and giving Eight Days Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to appeal, to the Party or Parties on whose Prosecution any such Conviction shall be made, if there (had be so many Days within the time of such Conviction and such General or Quarter* Session, and

if not, then the Party or Parties who shall deem him* her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may be at Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter-Seilian but one which shall be held next after any such Conviction for the County, City or Place where any such Conviction shall be made, and the Juilices in their said General or Quarter-Sedion are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall appear just, and to cause to be levied under the Order of any such Session, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Money at any such Court of Session on the hearing of any such Appeal shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay such Cuds and Money forfeited, and if sufficient Goods qr Chattels of any such Offender or Offenders cannot be met with to satisfy such Cods and Money forfeited, then by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties as aforesaid, for the Party or Parties who shall have so appealed.

XIII. And, for the mere easy Con vision of Offenders, Be it farther enacted, That the Justice or Just ices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convided>f any Qffeoce against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be digram up in the following Form of Words, or in other to tip same Effcd; (tndcRat)

4 RE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of the Reign 6f

4 His Majesty King is Ter, are! cooviderf be-

1 fore one or more of His Justices of the

' Peace

A.D. 1810.

353

50° GEO. III. C. 108, 109.

Peace for by virtue of an Act passed in

the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Third, intituled, \Jjere insert the Title of this sift, /pacifying the 4 Offence and the Time and Place no hen and where the same was com-

mined, as the Case shall be] contrary to the fmd Act, [or, as 4 the Case shall be] for which Offence, we [or, I] adjudge 4 Given under our [or, my] Hands

4 a id Seals [or, Hand and Seal] the Day and Year tirit above 4 written.9

XIV. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted, That no Order Order or Pro-

or Proceedings to be made or had by or before any Ju(lice of the reeding* not Peace in relation to the Premises shall be qualhed or vacated for want for w»nt

of Form only, and that the Order which shall be made in the Pre- 0 orra* miles by the Ju dices at their General or Quarter-Session of the

Peace as aforesaid, shall be final, and that no Proceedings of any such Justiceor Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter-Session in pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari,

Letters of Advocation, or of Suspension or otherwise.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing Action*. which shall be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or

Suit shall be brought and commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after any such Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid and tried in the County,

City or Place in which the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere, and that the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action and Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and General Issue. the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County, City or Place than where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, then, and in any of such Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall become nonsuit or discontinue his, her or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants therein shall have appeared, or if, on any Demurrer, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then, and in any of the said Cases, every such Defendant or Defendant shall have and recover Treble TieMe Cofiv Cods and shall be entitled to puifue and take such Remedy for recovering of the same as any Defendant or Defendant* hath or have to recover his or their Cods in other Cases by Law.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, for Two Years and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the Forty f-venth Year of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. [20th June 1810.]

\\J HEREAS an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of 4 -^3 SdT <?.

W His present Majesty, intituled, /In A8 to present improper c. 54»

4 Persons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from tl e

jo Geo. 111. A a*passing

A.D. 1810.

c«Minu«d.

Two Justicw,

on .Suspicion that Arms are unlawfully in PoflWlion of any Person, may report to Lord Lieutenant.

'Warrant.

47 LI. 0. SelT. 2. c. 54. § 8. 12.

Two Justicr*

infteaul of One, as required by recited A A, may ft arc li lor Arms, &c.

C. 109. 50 GEO. III.

passing thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the said Act should be further continued and should be 4 amended in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and shall be in force for Two Years from and after the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except only so far as the said recited Act is repealed, altered or amended by this present Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Two Justices of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireh/nd, shall have any reasonable Grounds of Suspicion, that any Person or Per suns within such County, or County of a City or Town, is or are unlawfully in pofftrflion of Arms; or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, are in any House or Place within such County, County of a City or Town, such Justices of Peace shall forthwith transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, a Report ligned by such Two Justices, of such Suspicion, with the Grounds and Reasons of such Suspicion, and upon the Receipt of such Report of such Two Justices, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Govei nors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to authorize and require such Justices or any other Justice to search or cause Search to be made within and throughout such County, County of a City or Town, or within any Parish, Barony or Half Barony within such County, County of a City or Town, as shall be specitied in such Warrant, for any Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, in manner directed by the said recited Act; and it flinll not be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to authorize or to join in authorizing any Person to make any Search, under the said recited Act, for any Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, before or until such Warrant shall have been granted by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for that Purpose; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Paits of the said recited Act as enacts or enact that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace when he shall have reasonable Ground of Sufpi-cion to search for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks in any House or Place in Ireland, shall be and the same is and are hereby Repealed, and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawlul for any Two Justices of the Peace within their Jurisdiftion (upon Information given to such Justices on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, any Person is unlawfully in possession of Arms, or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Diggers or Dirks are in any House or Place, but not otherwise) to search for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks in the House or Premises of any

Person,

jo GEO. III.

109, no.

iss

Person, or inny House or Place mentioned in such Information, in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Act contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person male- Prorifo for tng Notification of his having Anns and obtaining a Licence as in Person» having the said A (El is provided, shall have been once required under the said recited Act, by any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such u 08 Armi* Person shall reside, to deliver to such Justice an Inventory of all Arms in his «r her Pufleflion, it shall not be lawful for the said Justice, or any other Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Person shall dwell, to make any further or other Kequifition from time to time, nor shall such Person be compellable to deliver such Lifts from time to time as often as he shall be required by any Justice under the said'recited Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstand* ing: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the Majority of them at any Session of the Peace, from time to time to require such Lift from any Person within their Jurisdiction having made such Notification and obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and such Person shall deliver such Lift from time to time accordingly, when and as often as such Person shall be so required by such Justices at any such Session.

CAP. CX.

An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of 34 G. 3. c. 9#,* W the Reign ot His present Majesty, intituled, An /Id for 4 making a navigable Canal from the River Kennett at or near the 4 Tovon of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon at 4 or near tbj City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts then in 4 described, Coals may be brought into the Port of London down the 4 Thames: And whereas it is expedient in order to encourage and 4 protest the Coasting Trade of this Realm and the Dues of the City 4 of London, and His Majesty's Revenue, arising from the Importation of Coals into the said Port, that Coals imported by Inland 4 Navigation should be subject to the same Duties as are by Law 4 payable upon the same when imported Coast wife May it therefore pieafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Maieily, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That from and after the Fu ll Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall not be lawful for any Otlicer of the Customs to permit any Coals, Culm or Cinders to pass down the River Thames below the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, by Order of the Lord Mayor of London, towards the supplying of London or IVclhninfler, or the Places adjacent, in any Boat, Barge or Vessel in which any other Goods,

Wares or Merchandize shall be laden, nor until the Mailer or Person having Charge of the Boat, Barge or Vessel in which such Coals,

Culm or Cinders shall be laden, shall produce and deliver to such

A a 2 Officer

Coals not to be brought below the City Stone in Barges in which other floods are brought, or without Certificate of Quao* tity.

Boat, &c. seized.

False Certificates.

IWIty.

Coals landed aliovr die Stone dial! not be brought below.

1'entlty.

Duties to be jitid.

Officer as rmy be Rationed at or near to the City's Stone aforesaid, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England,

(who is hereby authorized and required to receive or demand the amc) a Certificate exprefiing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders in such Boat, Barge or Vessel; which Certificate every Per* son felling or loading any Coals, Culm or Cinders towards the Supply of London and Westminster, or the Places adjacent, is hereby required to give to such Mailer or other Person having the Charge of such Boat, Barge or Vessel, who is hereby required to deliver the same to the said Officer of the Customs, who shall sign and enter and regiiler the same in a Book to be kept for him for that Purpose; and the said Entry and Register of the Certificate shall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence in all Cases in which the original Certificate' is not produced; and in case there shall be in such Boat, Barge or Vessel any greater Quantity of Coals than shall be exprefTed in such Certificate, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize laden on board, then, and in such Case, the Coals, Culm or Cinders on board of such Boat9 Barge or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fending any such Coals, Culm or Cinders for Sale towards the Supply df the Cities of London or Westminster, and Places adjacent, shall knowingly give any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity or Quantities of Coals on board of any Barge or Vessel, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Coals, Culm or Cinder* having been brought down the Thames and landed above the said Stone near Staines Bridge, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be laden on board any Boat, Barge or Vessel upon any Part of the River Thames between the said Stone and London Bridge, and if any such Coals, Culm or Cinders shall be so laden on board any such Boat^ Barge or Vessel contrary to the Directions of this Act, the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so laden, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Ton Weight of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and so in proportion for any less Quantity; and such Coals, Culm or Cinders shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and collected, and paid on all such Coals, Culm or Cinders brought down the River Thames in manner aforesaid nearer to London than the City's Stone described as aforesaid, the Rate and Duty of Customs following; that is to say, the Sum of Ten Shillings for and upon each and every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders so brought; and there shall be raised, levied and collected for every Ton of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, a further Duty of One Shilling and Three pence, which last mentioned Duty shall at the End of every Quarter be paid by the Officer of the Customs who shall be so Rationed at or near the said City Stone a* aforesaid, tp any Person or Person*

to

C.iio;

3S7

jo° geo. nr*

fb be appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London to receive the same; or if no such Person shall be appointed, into the Chamber of the City of London, as and for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of London upon' Coals, Culm or Cinders'imported into the Port of London; and all such several and respective Duties shall be demandable and demanded and shall be payable and paid to the proper Officer to be appointed' by the Commissioners of the .Customs in England to receive the same and stationed as aforesaid, according to the full Quantity and Weight of Coals; such Weight and Quantity as aforesaid to be ascertained in such manner as the said Commissioners ot Customs shall direct, in case it shall appear necessary to the said Commissioners to direct the ascertaining the same in any other or different manner than is now used or authorized or required by any Act or Acts in relation to any Coals carried Coastwise or brought into the Port of London.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Coals, Culm or Cinders on which the Duty imposed by this Act has been fully paid, may be brought into and landed in any Part of London and Westminster or the Places adjacent, or in any Place on the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone aforesaid: Provided that such Coals, Culm or Cinders so removed or brought shall be accompanied with a Certificate of the Payment of the Duty, which Certificate shall be granted by such Officer of the Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not* with (landing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to appoint proper Officers to ascertain, raise, levy, collect and account for the said Duties; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs to cause any Building or Buildings to be erected which may be necessary for the Accommodation of the said Officers, and for the weighing or otherwise ascertaining the Quantities and Weights of any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and for the safe Keeping and Custody of any Coals that may be seized under or by any Officer of Customs, as to them or any Four cr more of them may seem necessary for the carrying this Act into Execution, and ascertaining and levying and collecting the said Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act mr.y and shall respectively be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recoveted and allowed, (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like manner and by the same Means, Ways or Methods as former Dulies of Customs, and also by any such special Means, Ways or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs on Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm made subject to Payment of Duties under this A A, and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm which may be brought down or upon the said River Thames nearer to London than the Place J>v this Act specified, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act or of

Coals having paid Duty may be landed.

Duties under Comm i (Goners of Customs*

Duties cellefled as former Duties,

C. iio> 508 GEO> III. A.D.i8fo,

Former AcU

in tofte.

Coals paying Gqlt Duty exempted.

Corporation »f ItfMon' ip-

poiwi Officen.

any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be and the same are re* spectively hereby made subject and liable to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were fuhjedl and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, respecting the Revenue of Customs, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed againU or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parlia-t ment in force on and immediately before the said First Day of AugttJ} One thousand eight hundred and ten made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unlefs where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in re-fpcdl of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Direc* tions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re*enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of Augy/f One thousand eight hundred and ten, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, ellablished or directed, for the afeertaiuing the Weight or Quantity, or the Amount of any Duties on any Weight or Quantity ot Coals, Culm or Cinders, burnt from Coals or Culm, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) and all Provisions, Clauses, Mattel sand Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and EfFedt, and shall be applied to the Subiedl of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they haq been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that Qoals which shall hare once paid the Coast Duty should be exempted from the Duty of Customs imposed by this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That the Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms who shall have received such Coast Duty, shall give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, to the Person who shall pay the same, and on such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the Customs authorized to receive the Duty of Customs jmposed by this Act, and on full and satisfactory Evidence that the Coals brought down the said Hirer Thames to the said City Stone, are the lame Coals or Parcel of the same Coals mentioned in the said Certificate, he the said* la it mentioned Officer of the Customs shall .not demand or receive the Duty of Cuiloms imposed by this A cl; '

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ford Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of Isomlon, in Common Council assembled, ai d they are hereby empowered from time to time as Occafiou shall require, to appoint any Officer or Officers, or other

Person or Persons who shall have full Power, and they and each of them are hereby authorized (either in Company with the Officers of His Majesty's Cuiloms or without) to enter into any Boat, Barge or other Vessel laden with Coals, Culm or Cinders, passing on or about to pass nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforesaid; and that every Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid,

shall and lawfully may have and exercise all and every or any the Powers and several ways and means of ascertaining the Weights and

8uantities of all such Coals, Culm and Cinders, as any Officer or fficers of His Majesty's Cuiloms have or lawfully may excercife or perform under or by virtue of this Act, as to any Coals, Culm or Cinders passing or about to pass nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons OMbru.riing whatsoever shall afTault, oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct any such ^h, urs' Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons 38 aforesaid, in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid by this A^l, every Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Pru&lty. Puniffiments and Penalties, as by Law may be inflicted in Cases of Misdemeanor by the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted.

XIL And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced again (I any Person or Persons for any thing Action*. done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the causeof Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General lfsue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evi- General Issue. deuce at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nousuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if. upon Demurrer, Judgment shall he given again! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Colts and have the like Remedy for the fapie as any Defen- Treble Co(h. dant hath in other Crffes to recover Costs by Law.

XII I. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Cuiloms by Appropriation of this Act imposed on Coals, Culm and Cinders, shall be appropri- Duties, ated and applied in such and the like manner as the Duties on such Articles, when brought Coaifwife into the Port of London and chargeable according to the Weight thereof, are appropriated and applied by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majrity's Reign, intituled, An Act for repeating the federal 49 G. 3. c. 99. Duties of Lijloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in litu thei tof.

XIV7. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That nothing rroviso for in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter 43 G. 3. c. 12^ or repeal any of the Provisions contained in an Act pa (Tod in the Forty fifth Year of Ilis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

3 6o

C. iio, hi.

A.D. 1810.

50" GEO. III.

for allowing under certain Ref riff ions, until the Firs Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and West minder by Inland Navigation; and which was by several Acts continued until the Fiift Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

Continuance of XV. And be it further enacted, That this A A fhatl continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to limit the Amount of Pensions to be granted out of the Civil Lilt of Scotland. [20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Regulation of the granting of Pensions out of the Civil List in Scotland, and for preventing of Abuse and Excess therein; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Pension Lift of the passing of this Act, no Pension exceeding the Sum of Three Scotland limited. hundred Pounds a Year shall be granted out of the Civil List of Scotland to or for the Use of any one Person, and that the whole Amount of Pensions granted from such Lift in any one Year shall not exceed Eight hundred Pounds; a List of which, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, shall be laid before Parliament in Twenty one Days after the Beginning of each Session until the whole Pension Lift of Scotland shall be reduced to Twenty five thousand Pounds, which Sum it shall not be

lawful to exceed in the Whole of all the Grants, nor shall any Pension to be granted after the said Reduction to or for the Use of any one Person exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, except to One of the Royal Family, or on an Address of either House of Parliament.

Ho-v Surplus of II. And be it fur!her enacted, That all Sums of Money which Civil Li il of Scot- shall remain after Payment of all such Pensions and Grants and

laud applied. other Charges as are or shall hereafter be charged upon or granted

or payable out of the Civil List of Scotland, and after defraying any Charges incident thereunto, shall from time to time as the same shall arise, and any such Surpluses or Balances shall remain of the Fund applicable to the Civil List of Scotland, go te the Use and be applied in Aid of the Civil List of England.

His Majesty may III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing make other in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre-Grants. vent Majesty from making any such Grants (other than and

except Pensions) for Civil Purposes in S otland, out of the Monies applied to the Payment of the Civil List of Scotland, as His Majesty has heretofore been accustomed, and authorized and empowered to make before the passing of this Act.

A, D.i8id.

C. ua.

50° GEO. III.

CAP. CXII.

An A<d for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland) and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court.

[20th June 1810.]

4 "VTJ'HEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year

V? of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act 4 concerning the Adminifl ration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning 4 sip peals to the House of Lords, by which Ad His Majesty was 4 empowered to name and appoint, and pursuant to which His

Majesty did name and appoint, by His Majesty's Royal Sign Ma-

nual, certain Persons to make Enquiries into the Form of Process

in the Court of Session, and to report upon various Matters therein particularly set forth: And whereas an Act was passed in the 4 last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to give to the Persons 4 named by H'u Mayfly % pursuant to the said recited A3, further 4 Time for making their Report or Reports: And whereas the Commissioners so appointed have made two Reports to His Majesty 4 and the Two rloufes of Parliament relative to the Subject Matter 4 upon which they were directed to report: And whereas it is expedient that the Mode of extrading Judicial Acts and Decrees of the Court of St flion hitherto in Use should be altered, and a

more abridged Form adopted, and that other Regulations should

be established, and Amendments made in the Forms of that Court;

4 which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the present Mode of extrading Judicial Acts and Decrees shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, together with all the Fees and Dues exigible for such Extracts, or relating thereto: Provided nevertheless, that the Fees now payable to the Lord Chief Clerk Register, and to the Macers of the Court of Session, and to the Keeper of the Minute Books upon Acts and Decreets, and to the Housekeepers upon Abbreviates of Adjudication, shall continue to be paid and payable upon the abridged Forms of Extract prescribed by this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the Forms herein prescribed for the Extract of Judicial Acts and Decreets, and the Rules and Regulations made relative thereto, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be observed in all cases, whether of Actions and Processes at present or then depending, or which may in future come into Court* or those which, although (inished, have not been taken out of Court by a final extracted Decree; and the Fees and Dues hereby made payable in the case of Extracts, and no other, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be the Fees and Due payables for such Extracts.

III. And be it enacted, That in Actions for Payment or Performance or such other common Proceedings, and in Proccfles of Advocation or Suspension, the Extract of the Decree shall from and after the passing of this Act be in the Form appearing from Schedules (A.) (B.j (C.) (D.) and (E.) hereunto annexed respectively.

IV. And

48 G. 3. C. 151.

49 G. 3. c. 119.

Extrads of Decrees at present in Use abolished.

Certain Fee* on abridged Forms of Extract continued.

Forms of Extrads to be observed.

Forms of Extract in common Actions, &c.

vGoogld

Form ofExtraft \H Adjudications.

Jbrro of Extract in Ojjio Bono-rum.

Form of Extract in Actions oi' proving Tenor.

Form of Extra (ft in Adkins of Declarator,

Form of Extract in Anions of Ranking.

No pronouncing Acts in certain Action*.

Proviso for certain Form of Ex trad.

f rrt'.fiwl Copie* in rases of Appeal.

C. ii % 5o0 GEO. Ill, A.D. 1810.

IV. And be it enacted, That in Processes of Adjudication, the Extract of the Decree shall, from and after the paflitig of this Act, be in the Form which has heretofore been used for the Abbreviate of the Adjudication in case a Decree shall be pronounced for the Adjudger; but where the Defender is aflbilzied, the Extract shall te in the Form hereinbefore directed to be used in the Case of Decrees of Abfoivitor.

V. Aknd be it enacted, That in Actions of Cejpo Bonorum, the Extract of the Decree shall be in the Form at present used for the Abitraft in Decreets of Ctjfto, with an Addition thereto of the Names of all the Creditors cited.

VI. And be it enacted, That in Actions of proving the Tenor and Transumpt, the Extract shall contain a Copy of the Deed proved or transumed, with the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of what is at present termed the Grand Deccmi-ture, in Cases where Decree shall be pronounced in favour of the Pur* filer; and in Cases where the Defender shall be aflbilzied, the Extract shall be in the Form hereinbefore prescribed in Decreets of Abfoivitor.

VII. And be it enacted, That in Actions of Declarator, the Extract of the Decree shall contain the Concluiion of the Summons and the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of the present Grand Dccerniture.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in Actions of Ranking and Sale, the following Regulations shall be obierved: Firil, the Extract of the Act and Comrniflion for proving the Value of the Subject to be sold shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed; Secondly, the Extract of the Decree of Sale shall be in the form appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed; Thirdly, the Extract of the Decree of Ranking shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (H.) hereunto annexed; Fourthly, the Extract of the Decrees of Division shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (I.) hereunto annexed 5 Fifthly, there shall no longer be any Extract of the Decreet of Certification, in a Proqefs of Ranking and Sale, nor any Act of Roup pronouneed, nor consequently any Ex* tract thereof, the Letters of Publication now in use rendering such Acts unnecessary, but the Extract of Letters of Publication shall be continued in their present Form.

IX. And bf* it enacted, That in Actions of proving the Tenor and of Reduction, no Act shall henceforth be pronounced; and in Actions of Improbation, Acts for Firil and Second Terms shall be discontinued.

X. And be it enacted, That in all other Cases not herein particu* hrly described, whether arising upon Summons, Bill or Petition, or Petition and Complaint, the Extiaft of the Decree shall be according to the Forms herein set forth, with such Variations as the Nature of the Case and the Form of the Application may neccfTarily require.

XI. And be it enacted, That where an Appeal shall be taken to the House of Lords, a full Copy of the printed Papers given into the Court of Session, certified by One of the principal Clerks of Session, together with Copies so certified of such Interlocutors and Minutes of the Court as shall have been pronounced or framed sub-It-quent to the Date of the lad of these printed Papers, shall and

may

may be received in Evidence in stich and the like manner as Extradts of the whole Proceedings are at present.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Record Copy, as it is termed, No Record Copy

shall henceforth be made; but at the Expiration of Five Years after to be made, the Date of the final Decree or last Proceeding in that Court, each Proceeding Process with all the Steps of Proceeding in it, and Productions, not transmitted to taken up by the Parties, shall be transmitted to and lodged in the R*-giftc*

General Register House, under the Custody of the Lord Clerk °U e* Register of Scotlandy and Duplicate shall be made of all Extradts of

Decrees in the Form herein prescribed, for which no Fees shall be exigible, except the ordinary Charge for copying paid for copying at the time in the Court of Session; which Duplicates shall from time to time be bound up in convenient Volumes, and after remaining not more than Five Years after the Date of the final Decreet in the Office of the Clerk wherein such Duplicates shall have been made, shall at the Expiration of that Period be regularly transmitted to the said General Register House.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Offices of Extradtors in the Office of Fx-Court of Session, as heretofore constituted, shall be abolished, and the tra&orbo!ifhud. Six Assistants of the principal Clerks of Session shall prepare the

abridged Forms of Extract herein directed to be observed; each Assistant executing that Duty in such Processes as belong to the Department or Cl°fet of the principal Clerk, under whom he acts, or the corresponding Depute Clerk in the Outer House.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Authemirated be lawful for any Party to require, and the said Assistants respec- ^°Pyof l>rQ-tivcljr are hereby required to furnish to such Party, authenticated cee^nS*to*arly Copies of all or any Part of the Proceedings in any Cause, signed nKlllirin8*

by One of the principal Clerks of Session, and which Copy the principal Clerks of Session are hereby respectively required to sign, but no Fee whatever shall be paid or payable for such Copy, save and except the ordinary Charge for copying, paid at the time in the Court of Session).

XV. And be it enacted, That each of the present Assistants of the AffiflanisAf principal Clerks who arc directed to prepare the abridged Forms of principal ( lerk* Extract hereby prescribed, shall continue to exercise and enjoy the ^ff^Fonnof Office of Extractor, hereby conferred upon him, ad vitam nut culfam :

Provided always, that every other Person to be appointed a Clerk Assistant and thereby an Extractor of such abridged Forms shall be and continue in respect of his Office of Extractor in such and the same Situition as any Clerk Assistant is at present in respect of such Office of Clerk Assistant.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Assistants of the Clerks Fees of Clerics shall and may continue to receive the Fees to which as such Assistants Aififlanuiobe they are at present or may in future be entitled; but in their Charac- £ont, "Ur<!* ter of Extractors, according to the new Forms hereby established, they ces , r'r shall be entitled to no Fee whatever except the ordinary Charge for

copying paid for copying at the time hi the Court of Session; neither shall the principal Clerks or the Depute Clerks of Session be entitled to any Fees whatever; but declaring that the said Clerks and the said Assistants of the Principal Clerks, in their Character of Extractors,

shall be paid the following Salaries, videlicet; each Principal Clerk of Session shall receive a Salary of One thousand Pounds .Sterling per ^fMiu/n, without Prejudice to the Salary of Forty Pounds payable to

SC4

C. I 12.

so' cJeo. nr;

A.D. 1810,

Clerks of Session and Depute Clerks, &c. to receive Salaries.

Salaries paid Quarterly out of Fee Fund.

7 Aim. c. 11.

§ 10.

10 Anu. C. 26. §108.

Dues of Court to form Fee Fuad.

Ex penceof Office Booms paid out of Fee Fund.

Dues of Court abolished, Dues in Schedules to be taken.

Fees on Registration, &c.

the King's Clerk, and without Prejudice also to the Fees to which any of them may be entitled in case he shall hold the Office or Situation of Keeper of the Regitlerof Taillies; each Depute Clerk of Session shall receive a Salary of Four hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum^ without Prejudice to the Salary of Ten Pounds, payable to the King's Depute Clerk; each Assistant of the principal Clerk shall receive a Salary of Two hundred Poilnds Sterling per Annum, for preparing the abridged Forms of Extract herein prescribed without Prejudice to the Salary of Ten Pounds per Annumf to the present King's Extractor during his Life.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Salaries hereinbefore provided, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be payable quarterly out of the Fee Fund hereby established, and if such Fund shall at any time be insufficient for the Payment of such Salaries, the Deficiencies shall be supplied in the same manner with the Salaries payable to the Judges of the Court of Sessions out of the Monies which by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reigti of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of raising such Fee Fund, the Fees specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, " Dues of Court, " shall be payable and exigihle upon and for the several Matters therein contained.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum shall be paid out of such Fee Fund to the Order of the Principal Clerks of Session, for defraying the Ex pence of the Office Rooms of the whole Principal and Depute Clerks of Session, and all other Charges and Expences connected therewith; and the said Principal Clerks shall be bound and obliged to keep up and defray the Expences of such Office Rooms, and to defray all such other Charges and Expences accordingly.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Dues of Court at present payable to the Clerks of Session and the present Office of Collector of the Clerks Dues, shall be and the same are hereby abolished and the Dues mentioned in the said Schedule shall be colieded by a Collector appointed by the Lord President of the College of Justice, holding his Office advham aut cu1pam> who shall discharge his Duty by personal Attendance in Court or in the Collector's Office during Office Hours, and by marking upon each Paper that the proper Dues or Fees had been received of the Date marked, without which marking no Principal Clerk or Depute Clerk of Sessions, Lords Clerk. or Clerks Assistant shall receive any such Paper into Process; and such Collector shall further demand and receive Once a Month or oftener from the Keepers of the Registers respectively, who shall be bound to pay lo him the proportion which the Clerks of Session have been in Use to receive of Fees paid upon Regillration and upon Extrads of Deeds and Instruments recorded in the Books of Council and Session 5 and all such Fees shall form Part of the Fee Fund hereby established.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Fees paid upon Registration, and upon Extrads of Deeds and Instruments so recorded in the Books of Council and Session, shall remain in other respects as at present.

XXII Provide*

A.D.iSio, 5cr GEO. III. C. 112)

XXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That such Col-v le&or shall be responsible for every Person whom he may have occa-

iion to empower to act for him in his Absence, and for every Clerk and Person employed by him in the Business of such Collection, and shall find Security for their as well as his own In* tromissions.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That such Collector shall further keep regular and distinct Books for entering the Fees and Dues of Couit Separately of the Dates on which they are received, with the Mark of the Clerk's Office, Names of the Parties, and the Step of the Proceedings upon which the same is paid, which Books shall be open at all reasonable times for the Inspection of the Judges, the Auditor of the Court, and the Principal Clerks of Session; and such Collector shall at lead Once in every Week lodge all Monies so paid to him with the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Interest received from which Banks respectively shall make Part of the Fee Fund hereby established, out of which such Collector shall pay the Salaries herein directed to be paid by means of such Fees and Dues; and if upon the Thirty firli Day of Decemler in any Year any Balance shall remain upon such Account, such Balance shall be paid to the Person or Person* authorized to receive the said Monies which by the said Actsmade in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reigu of Queen Anne were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland as aforesaid.

XXIV. And, in order to check the Accounts kept by such Collector, be it enacted, That Books shall be kept by the respective Clerks of Court of each Office, (liewing the Dues of Court which, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, have or should have been received in each Process under their Charge on the several Steps of that Process on which such Dues are payable; and such Collector shall render his Accounts at lead Twice in every Year to any Accountant to be named by the President of the College of Justice; or if no such Accountant shall be named, to the Auditor of Court, who shall compare and examine the same with the Books so kept by the Clerks, aforesaid, and make his Report thereupon to the Court.

XXV. And be it enacted, That such Collector shall receive a Remuneration for his Trouble by a Rate payable out of the said Dues of Four Pounds per Centum upon the Amount thereof received by him.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Nomination of each Depute

Clerk of Session shall henceforth be veiled in the Six Principal Clerks of Session jointly, the Senior Clerk, having in case of Equality a cading Voice; and every such Nomination shall be made without receiving therefor any Price, Gratuity or valuable Consideration of any Kind; and every Nomination, when made, shall be forthwith reported to the Court.

XXVII. And be it enaClcd, That in AClions at present requiring Two Diets of Appearance, there shall be only One Diet of Appearance upon an Induct* of Twenty leven Days, where a Defender is domiciled in Scotland; but Citations in cases of a (ingle Diet and against Persons forth of Scotland shall remain as at present.

XXVIII. And be itenaCled, That all Causes uot exceeding the Value of Twenty five Pounds Sterling, shall from and after the passing

3«S

CollectorofDues to find Security.

Collector to keep Books lor Fees;

Money to He paid Weekly into the Bank.

How Balance disposed (4.

Cheque Books kept.

Per Centage to Collector.

Nomination erf Depute Clerks.

One Diet of Appearance only.

Certain Causes brought before inferior fudges.

C. it a.

A.D. 1810*

3 66

Permanent Lortls Ordinary appointed.

to administer Oat Its and ex* amine Wimefics.

Consent of Judges ncrcflary tanew Regulation.

Quorum of Inner House.

Grounds of Ad-vutaiitm from the

l^munifl'ary

Court.

Bills of Sufpen-{ion from the Admiralty Court in Maritime i auses;

$o° GEO. III.

of this Act he carried on in the lirft Inflande before the inferior Judges, in the manner directed, and with the Exceptions specifiedin an Act, passed in the Third Session of the Second Parliament of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, AS concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories.

XXIX. And whereas it would facilitate the Dispatch of Business in the Court of Session, if the Duty of the Outer House were done by a certain Number of the Ordinary Judges officiating there, in a more permanent manner than the present weekly Rotation among the whole; Be it enacted, That the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Division of the Court of Session, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Division, shall be relieved from At* tendance in the Inner House, and shall from and after the passing of this Act not fit therein, but shall fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outef House to perform the Business of the Outer House; that is to say. Two of the said Judges, One of each Division, shall officiate each Week in the Outer House, for hearing Causes in the Rolls of Suf-pensions, Advocations, Regulations and ordinary Actions; and such Junior Judges of either Division shall officiate as Lords Ordinary, according to the Rules and Forms of proceeding for the time observ-ed in Processes depending before Lords Ordinary.

XXX. And be it enacted, That this Regulation concerning Ordinary Judges in the Outer House shall include the Duty of admini-flering Oaths and examining Witnesses, but shall not extend to the Bill Chamber, in which the Business shall continue to be done as at present, by all the ordinary Judges in Rotation.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby provided and declared. That the present Junior Judges who may be affected by this new Regulation, shall not be bound by it except with their own Consent, and therefore the Course of Rotation shall remain as it is at present, until either by the Consent of the present Judges, or by new Appointments of Judges, the requisite Number can be obtained for carrying the said System into Execution.

XXXII. And be itenacted, That so soon as Five Junior Ordinary Judges shall officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary in the manner herein directed, Three Judges in either Division shall be a Quorum in the Inner House; and the other Judges of the Court of Session shall be relieved from Attendance in the Outer House, and from performing the Duties of Lords Ordinary therein.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from Interlocutory Judgmentsof the CommifTary Court shall be allowed only on the Ground of Contingency and Incompetency, including Incompetency in the Mode of Proof, and in this last case only with Leave of the CommifTary Court; and no Bills of Advocation from the CommifTary Court shall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but shall be competent only after final Judgment before extract.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That Bills of Suspension from the Admiralty Court in Maritime Causes, shall, if not refused without Answers, be in all Cases ordered to be printed and reported t*> either the First or the Second Division of the Court of Session; and if any such Bill of Suspension shall be presented in time of Vacation, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall not fee Cause to refuse the same without Answers, he shall fill proceeding until the Meeting

A.D. 181d« 50° GEO. til. C. 114. fSf

of the Courts to whom the same, with the Answers, shall be then reported.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation And Suf-pension from the Admiralty Court in Mercantile Causes shall be regu- regulated, lated in the manner hereinafter prescribed in the case of Advocations and Suspensions from the Judgments pronounced by Sheriffs and

other inferior Judges.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from the In what Cato Sheriffs and other inferior Judges in Scotland* against Interlocutory Bills of Advoca-Judgments, shall be allowed only upon the following Grounds; First, non from She-of incompetency, including Defect of Jurisdiction, personal Objec- n*' w*tion to the Judge, and Privilege of Party; Secondly, of Contingency; Thirdly, of legal Objection with respect to the Mode of

Proof, or with respect to some Change of Possession, or to an Interim Decree for a partial Payment, provided that in the Cases specilied under this Third Head, Leave is given by the inferior Judge.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from such In what Case not inferior Judges shall not in any Case be received against Interlocutory received. Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but only after final Judgment shall have been pronounced.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in Cases where final Judgment No written An-shall have been pronouneed, no written Answer to a Bill of Advoca- fwers to Bills of tion or Suspension from such inferior Judges shall be received, but in Advocalioii, &c. all such Cases, whether the Catife is brought before the Court of Sef-

fion by Advocation or Suspension, the Bill shall be passed without Answers, upon Caution being found in the same manner in which Caution is found in Bills of Suspension at present; save and except in Cases where upon the Face of the Bill itself it shall appear that it ought to be refused, and in every such Case it shall be refused accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in like manner Bills of Advo- Bills of Arlvoc*-cation from inferior Judges, on the Ground of Incompetency or Con- , on on Crouml tingency shall be passed without Answers or injfanter refused: Pro- °1 Inromjwriiry vided nevertheless, that the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may in such or °, lUMoelu7* cases hear Parties viva voce if he shall think fit, and such Bills may

be passed without Caution.

XL. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation and Sufpen- Bills of Advoca-fion from inferior Judges, when passed a3 above directed, upon'be- non and Suffixing expede or upon a Remit from the Court, shall be inrolled in the J*on w*ie"

Roll of Advocations and Suspensions in the Outer House; and the 'lowl, rocec< ltt\ Lords Ordinary in the Outer House and the Judges in the Inner House shall have the same Power in every Case of Suspension which they now have in Cases of Advocation, to remit to the inferior Judge with In ft ructions.

XLL And be it enacted, That Bills of Suspension and Interdict Bills of Sufpeti-shall, with respect to Caution, remain as at present, and the Lord f»pnand luier-Ordinary may grant Interdict therein after advising the same with or ^tm without Answers, but no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills may if he thinks proper hear Parties viva voce before granting or refusing the TaterdiA.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in Bills of Suspensions of Charges buis of Snfpen-or threatened Charges on Bonds, Bills of Exchange or Promissory fion of Charg«* Notes, Contracts, Decreets Arbitral, or other Instruments registered on Bonds, S*.

5 for

G<

C.II2.

A.D. 1810.

Bills of Swfpcn-fiou against Decrees.

Two Principal and Two Depute Clerks of bills appointed.

Principal as well as Depute Clerks 10 difcltar^r their Duty ptrfonall).

Fees on Bill ( hamber how diviftble.

So much of Regulations as relate to Fees and Duties of Clerks of Bills suspended.

50° GEO. III.

for Execution, and in the case of Bills of Suspension of Decrees of removing, the Proceeding shall be as at present; save and except that no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed, but the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may if lie thinks proper hear Parties viva voce, and may pass or refuse the Bills with or without Answers.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in Bills of Suspension against Decrees pronounced by the Court of Session, in fero, no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed, and in such cales the extracted Decree shall be produced with the Answers.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act with the Exceptions after specihed, there shall be Two Principal Clerks of the Bids appointed as they are at present, and only Two Depute Clerks of the Bills, each of whom shall be appointed by the Two Principal Clerks jointly, without receiving for auy such Appointment, . any Price, Gratuity, or valuable Consideratiou of any Kind; and in case they cannot agree upon any such Appointment, the Lord President of the College of Jullice shall have the caflirg Voice; and in all cases the Nomination shall be reported to the Court.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Principal as well as Depute Clerks shall personally discharge the Duties of their respective Offices; the Principal Clerks shall personally attend either Division of the Court of Session when Bill Chamber Causes shall be under Consideration there in the same manner that the Principal Clerks of Session attend in Inner House Causes; the Principal Clerks of the Bills shall also further exercise a due Snperintendance over the different Branches of the Duty required for the Performance of the Bufmcls of the Bill Chamber.

XLVI. And be itenacted, That the Fees payable upon the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber shall be collected and form a common Fund for the Remuneration of the Principal and Depute Clerks of the Bills, and this Fund shall be divided among them Monthly or Quarterly as they may settle among themselves, in the following Proportions; videlicet: One third Part thereof shall be paid to each of the Principal Clerks, and One sixth Parc thereof shall be paid to each of the Depute Clerks.

XLVI I. And be it enacted, That so much of the Regulations herein enacted as relate to the Fees and Duties of the Clerks of the Bills, shall be suspended so long as all or any of the present Depute Clerks, viz. John Watson, James Mercer, Andrew Miller and William Scott, shall continue to hold their Offices or Office, to the Extent hereinafter specified, videlicet: Upon the Death or Refiguation of either of John Watson or James Mercer, present Depute Clerks to the Dills, and also Clerks to the Record of Abbreviates of Adjudfr cations, the junior Principal Clerk shall take the Burthen of caufl^ to be discharged the Duty of the said Depute, and the Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall be divided equally between the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills 5 and upon the Death or Refig-nation of Andrew Miller, Depute Clerk, or upou the Death or Re-Agnation of William Scott, Assistant Clerk, or upon the Death or Resignation of both the said John Watson and James Mercer, in either of these Three Events the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills shall take the Burthen of caufingto be discharged the Duty of the said. Person or Persons, and the Fees and Emoluments thence arising shall

he

A.D. 1810.

C. 112.

S°Q

GEO. III.

be equally divided between the Two Principal Clerks; and in the Event of the Death or ReGgnation of both Andrew Miller and William Scotty the said John IVatfon or James Mercery or both of them if then surviving, shall be one or both of the Depute Clerks to the Bills if they shall io incline, each drawing One sixth Part of the total Fees, and relinquishing the Fees to which each is now entitled; but if either or both of the said John IVatfon or James Mercer shall decline to become Depute Clerks of the Bills, the Two Principal Clerks to the Bills shall discharge or take the Burthen of causing to be discharged the whole Duty at present discharged by the said Andrew Miller and William Scotty and shall in that case receive the Fees which would have been received by the said Andrew Miller and William Scotty until the Death or ReGgnation of John Watson and James Mercer.

XLVIII. And be it farther enacted, That the Fees speciGed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, " Rate of Fees payable to the Auditor of Court, " and no other, shall be payable to and exigible by the Auditor of Court, such Fees, in the Event of there being an Auditor for each DiviGon, being divided equally between the Two Auditors.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Fees receivable by the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls or Clerks of the Lords President of the Two DiviGons of the Court of Session, shall form a Common Fund, and be divided equally between them.

L. And be it enacted, That so soon as Five junior Ordinary Judges shall officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary in the manner herein dfre£ed, the Fee6 payable to the Clerks of the Ordinary Judges shall form a Common Fund, and shall be equally divided among the Clerks of the Thirteen Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session.

LI. And be it enacted, That Fees demandable by Writers to the Signet for Signet Letters, and for Proceedings ill the Service of Heirs before the Macers of the Court of Sessions, shall be the Fees (and no others) appearing from the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, " Table of Fees, of Ordinary Signet Letters, and Fees of " Service before the Macers, " respectively.

LI I. And be it enacted, That every Sheet charged for by any Pra&itioner in the Court of Session shall be calculated at the Rate of Three hundred Words to the Sheet; but if any such Instrument shall contain fewer than Three hundred Words, the same shall be charge4 at the Rate of a Sheet; and if after finding the Sheet or Sheets which any such Instrument shall comprise, calculated at the Rate aforesaid, any Number of Words less than Three hundred Words shall remain, such fewer Words shall be charged as a Sheet.

LI 11. And whereas by the aforesaid Report by the said Com-1 missioners, it is certified, that Compensation to a certain Amount

ought to be given to the Principal and Depute Clerks of Session,

the Extractors, and the Collectors of Clerks9 Dues, for Lodes that

will be sustained by them as therein mentioned/ Be it enacted, That the Sums of Annuity specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed. entitled, «*Specific Compensations, " shall be paid to the Per-(001 therein named and dtferibed respectively, at such time or times iathe Year, and in such. manner ab other Competitions are hereinafter directed to be paid.

.. 50 Gto. III. B k LIV. And

369

Fees of Auditor of Court.

Fees of Keepers oflnnei lloufe divided.

Fees divided between Clerks to On!inary Judges.

Fees demandable by Writers to the Signet.

Contents of a Sheet to be JOO Words.

Compen f-u ictus to certain Officer*

37°

C. 112.

A.D. 1810.

Application t(> Bifomof Exchequer if C ompe- tation inadequate.

lYrfoiv hificring l>ifs : ; n new

DllS.

Relief.

Fond 1 r un which ( i)m]>oi fati.»n maiie.

r.ife of aged I'c'i'Mi.- cm-

in copy-ru£ls*cd.

1'j rary Allowance.

50° GEO. III.

LIV. And be it enacted, That in the Event that any of the hid

Principal or Depute Clerks of Session, or Extra&OFt, shall make aa Application to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland* setting forth that the Compensation provided by the Salaries payable by this Act, or specified in the Schedule, is inadequate to his just Claims, and if any of the said Clerks or Extractors shall make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary or other Loss, from the Operation or Effcd of any of the aforesaid Regulations, beyond the Sala-lies allowed, and the Compensation made by this Act, due and equitable Confederation being always had of the Ciirumstances of each individual Case, the said Barons are hereby authorized and required to examine into such Claims, and to decide whether any and what further Sums of Compensation are due to all of any of the said Clerks or Extradors.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any other Person shall apply to the said Barons, who shall establish his Right, and make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary Loss from the Operation or Eifed of any of the afore laid Regulations, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons to award to such Person such Cod-penfation as the said Barons shall find such Person entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum, or by way of Annuity, as they shall think proper.

LVI. And be it enacted, That every Sum of Compensation so to be awarded by the said Barons, shall be paid and payable upon the Order of the said Barons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as they shall direct, out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth'Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne* with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the said Barons of Exchequer shall consider the Situation of such aged and indigent Persons who may have hitherto gained their Subsidence by copying out Extrads in their present Form, and who, having been for many Years attached to the Extrador's Offices, may not be capable of gaining their Livelihood otherwise, and make such Allowance or Allowances, in the way of Annuity, to such Persons respedivdy, as the said Barons shall think proper, which shall be paid upon their Order out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer aforesaid.

LVII I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, who are hereby required, to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money to be from time to time paid to any such Officer of Court or Person as aforesaid, who shall make Application to them pursuant to this Act, as the said Baronfe shall think proper, as an Interim Allowance, until the Com: penfation or Provision to be awarded to any such Person by virtue of thi* Ad shall be ascertained and finally determined; and every such Allowance so ordered to be paid by the said Barons shall be paid at the time and in the manner they shall direct out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and othet Charges for keeping up the Court* of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer aforesaid.

A.D. 1810.

Q. in.

371

50° GEO. III.

LIX. And be it enacted, That every Sum to he paid pursuant Allowing to this A A out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable Tax. froe* with the Feet, Salaries and other Charges for keeping up the Courts 46<J*3* of Session, Judiciary or Exchequer, shall be paid and payable, free mid clear from ail Taxes and Dcdudions whatsoever, except the Duty charged by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to .

His Jlajejly during tlx Prtfen* IFor, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Rates and Duties in Groat Britain on the Rates and Duties mrifing from Property, Proftffions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting Contribution on the Profits arijing from Property, Profejltons, Trades arid Offices; and to consolidate and render more cffcQual the Provisions for collcQing the said Duties

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Extract of Decreet in an Ordinary Action for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and SeffioD, they decerned ^nd ordained and hereby decern and ordain Defeoder to make Payment to Purfoer of tke Sum of Sterling of

Principal contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document pr Claim founded on in the Libel [which mufthe shortly mentioned by Date or otherwise* as exfreffed in the Judgment of the Court]

-or, due in manner libelled on. Item, of the lawful Interest of said Sum from and finoe the Day of

till Payment; and of the Sum of of Expencerfound due, and of the Sum of

Sterling further as the Expeace of extracting this Decreet; and oadam Letters of Homing on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Exeat!km to pass heieon in Form as Effeirs. Extruded buy me, one of the Principal Clerks of Sefllon.

In Cases of Decrees in Absence.

The Form will be the Came as in the above, with the Addition of the Words " in Abfence" before the Word « decerned, " with such Alteration in regand to Expeuces as. the CircumHances of the Case may require.

SCHEDULE (B.).

Form of Decreet of Abfolviior in an Ordinary Action for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Session, they afloilzied and hereby emcrikie simpliciter

37*

C. in.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

Defender from the Whole Conclusions of the Summons and Action infilled in before the said Lords at the Instance of

against the said Defender for Payment of the Sura of Sterling alledged to have been due by the

Defender to the Pursuer by the Bond, Bill or other Document of Debt or Claim mentioned in the Libel [which it will be necessary to refer to by Date or Description'] and decerned and oretained, and hereby decern and ordain the said Pursuer to make Payment to the said Defender of the Sum of [here insert

the Sum of Exfcnces, if such are found due by the Judgment of the Court.] Item, of the Sum of farther as the

Expence of extrjcting this Decreet; and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pass hereon in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Extract in an Advocation where the Cause is remitted

ftmpliciter.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Session in the Process of Advocation infilled m at the Indance of

again d complaining ot an Interlocutor of the Sheriff Depute of dated the

Day of lad, the said Lords remit-

ted and hereby remit the said Action and Cause fmpliciter to the said Sheriff Depute, to the end he may proceed and adminider Justice therein to the final Issue and Conclusion thereof; and further decerned and oretained, and hereby decern and ordain the said.Advocator to make Payment to the said Defender, of the Sum of Sterling of Expellees, and of the Sum of as the Expence of this Act,

and remit and decreet and ordain Letters of Homing on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pass hereon at the Indance of the said Defender against the said

Advocator for Payment of these Sums accordingly in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

In Cases of a Remit with In/lruSions.

The Form will be similar to the above, but reciting the Indru&ions.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Extract iu a Suspension where the Letters are found orderly proceeded.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Session, in the Process of Sui'pension infilled in at the Instance of

against complain-

ing of having been charged or threatened to becharged to make Payment to the said of the Sum of

Sterling

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 112.

373

Sterling of Principal contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document mentioned in the Letters [which must be shortly described by Title and Date-\ and of the Interest there-of, the said Lords found and hereby find the Letters and Charge to be orderly proceeded, and decerned and oretained, and hereby decern and ordain the same to be put to further Execution, ana further decern and ordain the said Sufpender

and his Cautioner in the said Suspension, conjunftly and severally to make Payment to the said Charter of the

aforesaid Sum of Sterling of Principal;

Item, of the lawful Interest thereof since the Day

of when the same fell due, till Payment, and

of the Sum of Sterling of Expences found

due by the said Sufpender to the said Charger for wrongous suspending; and of the Sum of further as the

Expence of extracting this Decreet, besides the Sum of

as the Expence of extracting the said Bond of Cautionary, and ordain Letters of Horning on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Execution to pass hereon, and on the Extract of the Sufpender's Bond of Cautionary against the Sufpender and his Cautioner conjundiy and severally in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Extract in a Suspension when the Letters are suspended

ftmpliciter.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Session in the Suspension infilled in at the Instance of

against complaining of being

charged or threatened to be charged to make Payment to the said

[the Nature of the Charge to be shortly Jlated] the said Lords suspended the said Letters and Charge Jimpli-eiter9 found the said Charges f liable in the Sum of

of Expences, and decerned and oretained, and hereby decern and ordain the said Charger, to make

Payment to the said Sufpender, of the

said Sum of of Expences, and of the Sum of

as the Expence of extracting the Decreet, and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and ail other Execution to pass hereon in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Actions of RANKING and SALE.

Form of Act and Commission m Ranking and Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

upon a Summons and Action of Ranking and Sale infilled in and depending before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance of against

and the following Persons his Creditors, videlicet [here

f Sic:

374

C. t12.

A.B. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

enumerate the Karnes of the different Defenders cited in the A Sion either ediQally or other wise'] concluding that the following heritable Subjects belonging to the said common Debtor, videlicet; all and tohole the Lands of, See. [here describethefveral Sukjefls contained in the Summons] ought and should be sold under Authority of the said Lords, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors according to their several Rights of Preference thereon: After fume Procedure had taken place in the Action before the Lord

as Ordinary thereto, the said Lord* of Council and Session of the Date hereof, sustained and hereby fuftairt the Libel, and allowed and hereby allow the Purfuerto prove prout de jute the Yearly Rent of the Lands and others before specified, what the same have paid, do or may pay Yearly, allowed and hereby allow the Defenders a conjunct Probation thereanent; and for that End gave and granted and hereby give and grant full Power, Warrant and Commimon, &c. [agreeably to the Terms of the Interlocutor of the Court, which mnfi he rngmjfd]. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (G.)

Form of Extract of Decreet of Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

upon a Summoifs and Action of Ranking and Sale raised and infilled in before the Lord* of Council and Session at the In fiance of against and the following Persons

as his Creditors, See. [here enumerate the several Defenders <whx> appear to be cited to the Action, either edidally or otheru'ife] concluding that the several heritable Subjects belonging to the said

as specified in the Libel, and after described, ought and should be sold under Authority of the Court, and adjudged, decerned and declared to belong to the Person or Person* who should offer moll for the same at the Roup thereof: After a Proof had been adduced of the Rental and Value of the said SubjeAs, and that a Roup of the same had taken place, the Lords of Cubucil and Session, upon Report of the Lord

found and hereby find the Roup and Sale of the said Subjects carried on before his Lordship on the Day of

last orderly proceeded, and that having offered for the said Snbje&s the Sum of Sterling, was the last and highest Offerer for the same at the said Roup, and was accordingly preferred to the Purchase thereof by the Lord Reporter agreeably to the Articles of Roup, and has accordingly found Caution in Terms of the said Articles; therefore the said Lords fold, adjudged, decerned and declared, apd hereby fell, adjudge, decern and declare all and whole, &c. [here the Lands are to be specially enumerateS] to pertain and belong to the said

his Heirs and Assignees heritably and irredeemably, upon Payment or Consignation of the aforesaid Price, with the annual Rent thereof in the Terms mentioned in the Articles of Roup and relative Bond granted therefor [here the Remainder of the Inter loeutor of the Court muff he taken in] and ordain Letters of Horning to pals and be dire ft hereon against the Superior of the said Subject

"C. in.

375

50° GEO. III.

je£U Car inCefting tile Purchsfer and kit foresaidi therein in Form an Effcira. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (H.)

Form of Extra# of Decreet of Ranking.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

in the Summons and Action of Ranking and Sale, raised and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance of against

and the following Personshis Creditors, videlicet [hre enumerate the Names of the different Creditors cited] concluding that the fallowing heritable Subjects belonging to the said

videlicet, AH and whole, See. [here deferibe the Subje3s] ought and should be sold under Authority of the Court, in Terms of the several A&t of Parliament and Acts of* Sederunt libelled on, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, according to their several Rights and Diligences affecting the same, the following Grounds of Debt and Diligences thereon were produced on the Part of the respe6kive Creditors after named, videlicet [here take in shortlo the Grounds of Debt % life, produced by the Creditors conform to the Inventories thereof given in by them; then add] and after some Procedure had been taken in the Action before the JLord as Ordinary thereto, the said Lords

of Council and Session, of the Date hereof, ranked and preferred, and hereby rank and prefer, &c. {here the Words of the Interlocutor of Ranking to be verbatim etigrossed] and ordain all Letters and Execution necessary to pass and be direct Hereon in Form as Efifeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (I.)

Form of Extract of Decreet of Divlfion.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of

in the Process of Ranking and Sale, raised and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance of

against and the

following Persons nia Creditors, videlicet [here recite the Names of the Creditors cited] concluding that the Lands and Estates, &c. [here deferibe the SubjcSs shortly ] belonging to the said

should be sold under Authority of the Court, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, conform to their respective Rights and Diligence attesting the same, after the aforesaid Subjects had been fofd, and a Decreet Ranking, the Creditors pronounced and extracted: The said Lords of Council and Session, of the Date hereof, approved and hereby approve of the Scheme of Division of the Rents and Prices of the said Subjects made up and reported by Accomptant in Edinburgh 5

and in Terms thereof decerned and oretained, and hereby decern and ordain the Purchaser of the

said Subjects, to make Payment of the Sum due by him, extending of Principal and Interest at the Term of

to the Sum of Sterling, in manner

following, videlicet [here take in that Part of the Accomptant's Scheme

37*

C. 11 a.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

which allocates the Price, and in case the Factor has any Balance in his Hands t the Allocation of that Balance must also he inferteef\ and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution necessary to pass and be dire# hereon in Form as Effeirs. Ex traced by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Scffioo.

: SCHEDULE.

DUES OF COURT.

Summonses.

IN lieu of thepresent Fee or Dues of Court, on Tabling £. s. L of Summonses, there shall be paid one very Summons the Sum of - - - - 100

Suspensions and Advocations.

To pay the like Fee oi One Pound each - - - 100

Original or Summary Applications by Petition, See.

Original Petitions, and Petitions and Complaints, or any other Summary Application, by which a Canfe comes in the first, Instance before the Outer or Inner House, shall pay in lieu of the present Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence One Pound each -100

Defences.

All Defences including and comprehending the first Paper or Step of Process, given in for the Charger in a Suspension, or for the Defender, called in an Advocation, One Pound each - - - -100

Answers to Summary Applications.

All Answers in Summary Applications, each One Pound - - - -100

Condefcendences and Answers in Outer or Inner House.

Condefcendences, each Ten Shillings - - o 10 o

Answers to Ditto, or Counter-Condefcendences, each

Ten Shillings - - - - o 10 0

Amendments of Libel, or additional Defences or Supplementary Condefcendences or Answers,

Each, One Pound - - - -100

Representations and Answers.

Representations to pay Ten Shillings each - - o 10 0

Answers to pay Five Shillings each -050

Minutes.

Each Minute ordered by the Lord Ordinary or Court to be given in in the Inner or Outer House to pay Five Shillings ..

Every Answer Five Shillings

o 5 050

Memorials

A.D. 1810.

C. 112.

377

50° GEO. III.

Memorials or Informations.

Memorials or Informations either in the Inner or Outer House to pay Ten Shillings each

£ /»

o 10 ©

Petitions, Reclaiming or Incidental, and Answers.

All Petitions and Answers (other than Original or Summary Applications as above) in lieu of the present Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence, to pay Ten Shillings each - - -0100

Prepared States.

Each Party in place of the present Fee on Hearings of

Nine Shillings and Eight pence, to pay One Pound - , 100

Replies and Duplies.

Replies and Duplies in the Inner or Outer House to pay each One Pound - - 100

Notes.

All Notes to the Lord President printed or written, Fire

Shillings each - - -050

Depositions of Witnesses or of Parties.

Depositions of Witnesses or of Parties, whether in presence of the Court or on Commission, in lieu of the present Fee, to the Clerks of Session to pay each Two Shillings - - - -020

Interests in Processes of Multiple Poindings, Adjudicat-tions and Rankings and Sale; also Writings given in to satisfy Productions in Reductions, each Ten Shillings - - - o 10 o

All Interests where the Sum claimed is under Ten Pounds, to continue as at present to pay no Fee.

Abridged Extracts.

The Extracts of Decreets in foro, each One Pound One

Shilling - - - - 1 1 o

Extracts of Decreets in Absence, Acts, Abbreviates of Adjudication, Diligences and Protestations, Ten Shillings and Six pence each - - -0106

The Fees of the Lord Clerk Regiller on Summonses, and on Acts and Decreets, as also those of the Keeper of the Minute Book; and of the Macers on Acts and Decreets, and the Fees of the Macers on the Depositions of Witnesses and of Parties; and those of the Housekeepers on Abbreviates of Adjudications, and on Interests in Adjudications, are to remain as at present; and the Clerks Assistant who prepares f the Extracts, is likewise to be allowed to charge the ordinary Rate of copying per Sheet allowed to Agents before the Court of Session at the time.

Certified

t &C,

Certified Copy of Proceedings for Appeal* Fire Pounds £m /. d.

each - - - - $ o o

Cross Appealtflo pay the same Sum each -*500

None of the above Dues to attach upon Precedes on the PoorrRoIl.

There is at prefect payable upon Extracts of Deeds recorded in the Books of Council and Session, which are subscribed by the Principal Clerks of Session as Deputies empowered to that Effedi by the Lord Clerk Register, the Sums following, viz.

A Protest - - - - - jC. o 3 5

Of which there is paid to the Lord Register £. o 1 1 ±

To the Clerks - - O 1 ii

To the Keepers - -004!.

And for writing, recording, Paper, &c. c o 92.

A Deed (Firft Sheet)

Of which the Lord Register draws The Clerks drew The Keepers

Writing, recording, Paper, Icc.

Second Sheet pays Of which the Clerks draw The Keepers

Writing, recording and Paper

Third and each other Sheet pays Of which the Keepers draw Writing, recording and Paper

---- 024

The above Registration Fees, in so far as they go to the Lord Clerk Register and Keepers of Regift ere, &c. shall continue on their present footing: but in so far as they go to the Principal Clerks of Session, and form a Part of the General Fund which they divide among themselves, shall be drawn by the Collector, and paid into the Fee Fund, out of which the Allowances or Salaries to the Principal Hod Depute Clerks of Session, 5cc. are to be paid in future.

-£. 0 1 Ii

- 0 1 Ii

0 0

0 1 oi

- £. 0 0 IO

0 0 8

+ 0 0 10

£.0 1 6

0 0 10

o

o

8

4

SCHEDULE.

Rate of Fees payable to the* Auditor of Court.

When the Amount of the Account to be taxed is £. /. d.

under Ten Pounds, the Auditor's Fee to be - 076

Where the Account amounts to Ten Pounds but is under

Twenty Pounds - - - - o 10 6

Where the Account amounts to Twenty Pounds but is

under Fifty Pounds - - -.o if o

Where the Account amounts to Fifty Pounds but it

under One hundred Pounds - - 1 1 0

Where the Account amounts to One hundred Pounds

but is under One hundred and fifty Pounds - 1 11 6

When

379

50° GEO. Iff. C

Where the Acconnt amounts to One hundred and fifty £, founds but»under Two hundred Pounds .2

Where the Account amounts to Two hundred Pounds but is under Three hundred Pounds -3

Where the Account amounts to Three hundred Pounds but is under Five hundred Pounds - 4

Where the Account amounts to Five hundred Pounds and upwards -.-5

SCHEDULE.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters and of Services before the Macers.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters.

Letters of Horning and Poinding, Caption, Arrestment,

Supplement and Law Burrows: £.'

First Sheet, estimated as the legal Sheet, is by this*Aa - - - o

Every other Sheet so estimated - - o

Inhibitions, Hornings against Superiors, Letters of General and Special Chaige, and Summonses of Adjudication ;

First Sheet*- - O

Second Sheet - - - - o

All. other Summonses passing the Signet f

First Sheet - -^a

Second Sheet - - o

Bills of Suspension and of Advocation, when drawn by a Writer to the Signet:

First Sheet - - - - o

Every other Slieet - -*- o

Letters of Suspensions and Advocations, when expede by the Writer to the Signet who drew the Bill:

For the formal Part, per Sheet - - o

For every other Sheet, for writing and expecting the Letters - - - O

When the Bill is drawn by another Person :

For the formal Part per Slieet - o

For every other Sheet - - - O

Fees of Service before the Macers to the Writer to the Signet, as Clerk to the Service, without Prejudice to other proper Charges relative to making up the Title.

For the Bill for Commission, A £9 and Minutes of Court, Commissions to proclaim Brieves, &c.

First Sheet - -'- o

Every other Sheet - - o

For Claim,

First Sheet - - - - O

Every other Sheet - - o

For the Retour,

First Sheet* 1

Every other Sheet*o

\ i i a.

s. tf.

2 O

3 °

4 o

5 °

/. d

5 0 2 p

10 0 6 o

6 o 4 °

6 6 4 o

4 ©

1 ©

5 ©

2 9

6 o 4 9

10 o 6 o

o o 12 o A*

As Clerk to the Service,

When the Lands are below £. 400 valued Rent Amounting to £. 400. and below £. 700.

—— ---- £. 700. and below £, 1, 000.

---- - £. 1, 000. and below £. 1, 500

- £. 1, 500. and upwards

£. x- d

440

5 5 0

7 7 0

880 10 10 o

SCHEDULE.

Specific Compensations:

To each of the Principal Clerks of Session now in Office, in addition to the Salary of One thousand Pounds in the foregoing Art provided, during the rcfpertive Lives of the said Clerks, upon their severally becoming entitled to such Salary - - £, 100 per Ann.

To Thomas Mason, Extrartor, besides the Salary of Two hundred Pounds in the foregoing Art provided during his Life - £. 33 per Ann.

To Louis de Maria, Extrartor, besides the like

Salary, during his Life - - 30 per Ann.

To William Carmichael, Extrartor, besides the like

Salary, during his Life - - £. 50 per Ann.

To John Elder, Extrartor, besides the like Salary,

during his Life - £. 328 per Ann.

To Adam Wilson, Extrartor, besides the like Salary,

during his Life - - 175 per Ann.

To Joseph Johnson, Extrartor, besides the like

Salary, during his Life - - - £. 5 per Ann.

To the following Extrartors, during their respective Lives:

Thomas Millar - £.

Robert Pitcairn -

James Sibbald -

David George -

James Shiells -

Alexander Pitcairn -

John Alexander

Thomas Scott

John Chalmers ..

William Smith -

Walter Lockhart -

To the Collertor of Clerks Dues now in Office, and his Deputes during their respertive Lives, according to the Proportions in which they now respertively receive the fame -

310 per Ann. 170 per Ann. 50 per Add. 26 per Ann. 44 per Ann. 20 per Ann. 100 per Ann. 130 per Ann. 120 per Ann. 110 per Ann. 20 per Ann.

foo per Ann.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[20th June 1810.]

Treasury empowered to raise 3, 000, 000/. by Exchequer Bills, in«manner direrted by 48 G. 3. c, 1. — § 1, 2. Principal of said Bills«chargeable on First Supplier of next Session. § 3. Interest 2 M thereon

44 thereon at $ldi per Cent. per Diem. § 4. Said Bills to be cur- rent at the Exchequer after April 5, 1811. — § 5. Bank of jEng- land empowered to advance 3, 000, 000/. on Credit of this Act,

44 not with landing 5 & 6 W. 1$ M. c. 20. — § 6.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England tTading to the East Indies. [20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, at present labour and have for 4 some time pad laboured under Difficulties, in the providing for certain Demands, by Creditors in the East Indies drawing upon the said Company in England: And whereas it is expedient that a Sum 4 of Money should be advanced for the Relief of the said Company s 4 And whereas it has been resolved, that a Sum not exceeding One 4 million five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty,

4 to be applied for the Purposeof relieving the East India Company;

We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most-humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Treasurymay of His Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times before the Fifth issue 1, 500, ooool. Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to cause or Exchequer Bilk, direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or the like Rules and Directions as are prescribed in an Act pafifed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the tffuing and paying off of 48 G. 3.c. 1. Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Pro- powmoj r<?citerl vifoe*. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Aa extended to Disabilities contained in the said Act, shall be applied and ex- thUAa. tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this

Ad, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums Exchequer Bills of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be and are charged on hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and discharged Supplies.

by and out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be To hear Interest made out in pr.rfuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on p« r Uuk which the same shall be respectively issued; and shall and may bear P«* &*.

an

y£o°g

A.D. 1810.

Treasury to advance the Money raised on such Bills to Company.

Exchequer BilTs may be taken in Payment of Revenue.

JBank may advance the Money,

I&6W.&M.

t. 90.

an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpennj per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of the Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His. Majesty's Exchequer.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty'3 Treasury, or any-Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to advance and pay to the said United Company, out of the Money raised or which maybe raised upon such Exchequer Bills, such Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Produce of the Exchequer Bills allowed to be ilTued under this Act, and at such times as ft all be required by die laid Company, for their Relief; and the said Company shall, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, such Sum or Sums of Money as mall be equal in Amount to the Money so to be advanced to the said Company, together with the Interest and Charges incident to and attending the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, or any other Exchequer Bills which may be issued under the Authority of Parliament in lieu thereof, and that the said Company shall give Security by Bond or Bonds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the due Repay meat of all such Advances, together with the Charges incident to the same as aforesaid, within the Period, and in the manner herein provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelied, shall and may, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be received and taken, and shall pals and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colledlors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the said Receivers or Colledlors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments there to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such of the same Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up and beared as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer settled and efta-bliftied by Law for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

VII. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or loan to His Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out io pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds; any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to Their Majesties federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfcls, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recomhences and Advantages in the said A3 mentioned, to such Per font as shall voluntarily advance

3»2

Jto.1810. go'GEO. III..0.114, 115.

the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the war against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, A3 titered, &c. varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Sclfion of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this SeflSon of Parliament. [20th June 1810.]

§ I. £ 4, 400, 000 0 0

II. 0 00 16 i*

III..233, 051 16 6

IV. 8, oqo, cco 0 0

V. 19, 500, 000 0 0

Out of Surplus of British Consolidated

Fund.

Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th Jan. 1810.

Ditto - - 5th j1prilt 1810.

Part of the Sum of £ 19, 000, 000

granted by - 49 G. 3. c. I at.

From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c* 70.*

---- Excise*- — c. 81.

Duties on Property - - — - c. 122. -Additional Customs 44 G. 3. c. 53.

-.....Duties on Pro-

perty - - 45 G. 3. c. 15.

---- Excite on Tobacco, &c.--- 46 G. 3. c. 39.

--- — Customs - —— 42.

r--- Duties on Pro-

perty - —— - c. 65.

— ---- Excise on

Brandy 47 G.3. Sejf. 1. c. 37.

Customs - - 48 G. 3. c. 26.

Ditto - - 49 G. 3. c. 98.

VI. 1, 448, 100 o o Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for

1809, subscribed to be funded pursuant to Resolutions of House of Commons of 13th March and toth April 1810.

VII. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Act, ngt exceeding

3.000. 000 00 - - - 50 G. 3. c. 1.

10, 500, 000 o o Exchequer Bills - r. 2.

1, 500, 000 o o Ditto ... — - c. 3.

6.000. 0co o o Ditto ... ---- --69.

12/000, 000 O o Annuities (after remitting 4, 000, 000 A ;

to Ireland, ) - ---- r.45.

Lotteries, (dedufting One third for

Ireland, ) -.94.

3.000. 000 o o Exchequer Bills '- r.113.

' 16 ^Surphis of Consolideted Fund (See § II.)

1

Appropriated to the Uses Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain afterefcpreffed. See§IX, &c. for i^jo.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

8, coo, oooo

2*233, 051

*9>50>°cx>

1, 448, 100

4.400.000

Fund (See § I.)

The following Sums, viz.

' 4, 000, 000 o o (Annuities)'I comincinlo

1.400.000 O O Ditto I rlie Irish

Share of Lotteries^Exthcquer

216, 000 o o (Treasury J u, flt; rth*

Bills) J

Appropriation, viz.

o o Part of Sum remaining to be received 16th Feb. j 810, to complete 19, 000, 000/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1809.

16 6 (granted above, § III.)

o o out of War Taxes (granted above. See § V.) o O (granted above, § VI.) o o out of Surplus of Consolidated

Appropriated to the Ufrs after expressed See § IX, &c.

I'jo G

G. 3.

A £b.

4 5-

68.

94- }

1*t

c. 98. J -

11 s|

I-i I* it sT

19, 829, 434

2>999.750

3>99*>6-'5

3»29S>500

59l>5°o

i»5i)»075

1, 841, 107

?54>3'4

2, 760, 000

731, 000

75>°oo

370, 750

o o

15 11

o o

o o

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1810.

11 For Naval Services; that is to say, jC. j. d. o For 130, 000 Men, f 1 15 6*)

o For Victuals, [ c A . 2 7 3 I

o For Wear and Tear of ! S J J

Ships, j t 19 o j

For Ordnance for Sea j s a, J

Service, j Lo 7 oj

For Ordinary of Navy including Half Pay,

For Building and Repairs of Ships of Wai and extras.

For Provisions for Troops and Gar-rifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Transports.

For Hire of Transports.

For Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick.

For Sick ahd Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

460, 687 10 o For additional 15, eoo Men, for 13 Months, at 2/. 7s. 3d. per Mail per Month.

346, 125 o o ForWagesof said Men, at 1/. 1 $s.6d. per Man per Month 3»oooo, 00c o o For Great Britain, " to enable His Majesty to take " such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint " or defeat any E11terpri7.es or Designs of His " Enemies, and as the Exigencies of Affair* may " require.'1

200, 000 o o British Currency, " to enable His Majesty to take " such Measures as the Exigencies of Affairs may " require for Ireland." o o For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty. o o For the Government of Portugal " in support of " the Military Exertions of that Kingdom, and for u the Maintenance of 30, 000 Portugiftfi Troops."

400.000

980.000

A.D. 1810.

So0 GEO. III.

C. 115. sss

XIV. 20, 337, 080.4 o

7*483*9°* 6 9

28, 973 7 6

2, 897, 861 8 3

457*7*4 H 4

3C»375 «5 o

279, 549 6 n

223, 606 8 6

10, 302 13 11

405, 487 5 8

56, 078 16 6

869, 569 ro 10 643, 650 o o - 968, 425 6 4

17, 840 13 o

For Land Forces and other Services; that it to (ay*

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in \ht Eqfl Indies, Foreign Corps and embodied Militia.

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Sixteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India.

For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall.

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals and Garrisons.

For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces.

For Principal Officers of several Publick Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingencies, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaller General.

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including- Br 'it 'ish American Foroes, and Scotch Brigade late in the From

Service of the States General, )>25th Dec, 1809, to

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including British American Forces.

For In and Out Peniioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and Expercei of the Hospitals.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expences attending the same in the United Kingdom.

For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

For Local Militia Forces in Great Britain,

For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom.

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to C\ergymen officiating with Forces at Home, including Allowance to retired Chaplain General and other Contingencies.

24th Dec, 1810.

114, 926.

50 Geo. III.

From > 25th Dec. 1809. to 24th Dec. 1810.

XXII.

For Medicines for Land Forces and Hospital Contingencies.

For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers and Widows of Officers of Land Forces.

For Barrack Department in Ireland.

For the Commissariat and extra Forage for Cavalry in /r*-land.

For probable Expenditure of'

Commissary in Chiefs Department.

For Barrack Department in Great Britain.

For extraordinary Expences of' I

the Army not ---- *J J

for.

For extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain.

Ditto - in Ireland.

For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain.

For Ditto not provided for in 1808.

Ditto - in 1809.

Ditto for Ireland for 1810.

Ditto not provided for in 1809.

For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under

49 G.\. c. 2.

Ditto - - c. 3.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1809.

Ditto - - 49 £.3. C.Kl.

Ditto - - - r.114.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addnefies of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Civil Establishments, viz.

114, 928 14 16

15, 700 0

476, 61797

209*89 13 1

1, 207, 000 O 6

548*81 O O

- 44I>5, 73 0

2, 750, 000 0 O

200, 000 0 O

XV. 3, 078, 742 19 2

I3M91 18 3

124, 542 5 0

447.710 3 3

XVI. 37, 278 19 2

10, 500, 000 0 0

XVII. 1, 500, 000 8, 000, 000 0 0

XVIII. 0 0

XIX. 6, 000, 000 0 0

XX. 2, 689, 900 0 0

XXI. IS, 16s 2 6

for the Year 1810.

From

provided j25th Dec. 1808, to 24th Dec. 1809.

For the Year 1810.

XXIIL

10, 450 0 0 Upper Canada. mm

2, 060 10, 165 0 0 Cape Breton.

0 0 Nova Scotia.

5, 600 0 0 New Brun/wick.

3, 700 0 0 Bahama Islands.

1, 030 0 0 Bermuda or Somers Islands.

600 0 0 Dominica.

4>55* 0 0 Newfoundland.

13, 268 15 0 New South Wales.

15, 710 0 0 Sierra Leone.

3, 100 0 0 Saint John in America.

23, 000 0 0 British Forts and Settlements in Africa.

13, 188 1 6 For paying Annuities under' 37 G*3» 0 % 10. and 42 Ga.c. 8.

5, 588 19Ditto

From 1 ft Jan. to 31ft Dec. 1810.

On 10th OB. 1810.

6, 000

A D.1810.

387

5°'

geo. m.

C. 115.

6, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

*, 36* 6 n*

26, 800 0 0

1, 328 5 4

3»5°° 0 0

7, 841 12 11

56, 45° 0 0

*61, 452 2 0

5.500 0 0

3, 162 7 4"

4285 0

53 33 6

1, 151 8 0

2, 6983 0

1, 623 0 0

219 H 0

182 5 3 >

00 00 17 0

289 19 8

278 6 6

3*4 18 6

1, 160 12 0 1

"44 6 I

*>474 18 °l

To Sheriffs for Conviction of-) Felons.

Law Charges for Great Britain, Publick Office Bow Street. -J

For the Year 1810.

tionary for both Houses of Parliament.

For Printing and Stationary for' both Houses of Parliament.

To pay Charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin in the Fields.

Extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

Superintendance of Aliens. - ^For the Year 1810.

Expence of Convicts at Home.

French Clergy, Toulonefe, Dutch and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalists.

Allowances to Officers of Houses of Lords and Commons, and Disbursements to Serjeants at Arms. - -J

Printing by Order of Commissioners of Publick Records.

For Index to Rolls of Parliament.

For Index to Journals of the Peers, from 5th July ' 1808 to 5th July 1809.

For Salaries and Incidental Expences in forming said Indexes.

Chairman of Committee of House of Lord*, for the Year 1809.

Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords for Services during 1809.

Deputy Seneant at Arms to House of Commons for One Year's Rent of House in lieu of A part-ments.

o

c

o

s

liament.

Publishing average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for Two Years to ill 03. 18^9.

Extra Expences in preparing Returns of Non-resident Clergy for Two Years to 25th March 1808.

To Dr. T. B.^Clarke for Trouble relative to Act for enforcing Residence to 5th July 1809.

Expences in making Road from Contin to Ullapool*

Officers for levying Tallies in Exchequer from 5th July 1808 to 5th April 18: 9.

To discharge Bill from Van Diemen*s Land.

Expences of Commissioners of Military Eu^uiry. C c 2 6, 266

A.D.iSto.

C.iij.

6, 266 12

717 18

57, 948 14

a;898 4

9>463 r4

958 8 706 17

882 8

36* 9

j, 6oo, oco o 2, 000 o

50, 000 o 3, 500 o

713*9

22, 200 O

2, 805 17 ro, oooo o

175.000 5, 000

40.000

For the Year 18ia

50° geo. nr.

Horse Patrol round the Metropolis for One Year. Expences of Furniture for India Board at Dor jet House.

Royal Military College, 25th Dec. 1809 to 24th Dec. 1810.

Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea, from 25th Dec 1809 to 24th Dec. 1810.

Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England and (

Ireland, and French Re- f fugees. - -J

Thames Police Office.

Expences of Two Printing Presses, a Present to Regency of Portugal.

Work done at House occupied by Board of Con* troul.

Preparing Journals of House of Lords to be printed.

O Discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills, o To Capt. G. IV. Manby> Reward for Invention for effecting Communication with Ships (trended, o Inland Navigation by Inverness to Fort William. o Printing 1, 750 Copies of 62d Vol. of Journals of House of Commons.

3^ Deficiency of the Grant of 1808 for printing the 60th Vol. of Ditto, o Printing Votes, Bills, Reports, &c., of the House of Commons in 1810.

\ Deficiency of Grant for Printing Ditto, for 1809.

" of House of Cemmooi,

s*

o

"U

o

a>

a

o

s

nj

o

&>

o

B

o

H

270 7 8

6

o

Hi

7>i3* 0

12.500 o 20, 125 2

16.500 o o 8, 000 o o

21.000 o o

17.500 o o

14.000 o o

Reprinting Journals, &c« in 1810.

Deficiency for extraordinary Expences for Profecu* tions, See. relating to Coin in 1809.

British Mu feu m for General Purposes.

Royal College of Surgeons to erect Theatre, See.

(Iftued out of Civil List) to discharge Bills from Sierra Leone.

Towards building Mint on Tower Hill.

Repairs and completing Marshalsea Prison.

Lazaretto at Chetney Hill.

Extra Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State.

Extra Charge for Messengers of Ditto.

Foreign and Secret Service.

Works at the House of Lords.

To discharge Bills from New South Wales.

Deficiency of Grant of the Year 1809 for Salaries to Officers of Houses of Lords and Commons and Serjeant at Arms.

JfOBO

For the Year 1810.

A*D'1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 115.

389

5, 000 0

3.»9<S 8

1, 500 0

10, 000 0

00 00 'S- 10

25, 000 0

5, 500 0

1, 000 0

*3*727 0

2, 817*9

56 4 1

r>55° 0

7»7»6 0

*5

8, 844 9

21, 000 0

8, 000 0

3, 000 0

44 11

38916

426 12

316 16

249 8

336 IO

1, 5467

37* 12

10', 000 O

2, 034 5

*933

o Fees on passing Publick Accounts for tKe Year 1810.

f -/r j*f 1 To the Counsel to Chairman of Com-o \ 1 " 1 tV r minces for House'of Peers dur*

I Uvi1 ^Ilt- J ing the Two last Sessions.

o Towards Repair of Henry VIPs. Chapel, o Towards improving Harbour of Holyhead.

X Building and Maintenance of| For th y glo> Naval Asylum. -J

o Rebuilding Publick Edifices in Trinidad, destroyed by Fire in 1808.

Board of Agriculture. ] P v 0

Veterinary College. .j For the Year , 8 to.

Purchase of C. F. Greville*s Colie&ton of Minerals. Printing 1, 250 Copies of Volumes 38. and 39. of the Lords* Journals.

Printing 1, 250 Copies of Calendar of Lords' Journals, from Henry VIII. to 28th Jan. 1808.

For Ontstanding Demands for Works done at Housea of Parliament, in 1810.

For Rebuilding Light-house, Sec. at Heligolan d in 1810.

Towards Expences of exploring")

Interior of Africa. - j ,

For Improvements near to West- >For the Year 1810. under |

minster

Sec.

o

o

Hall,

46 G. 3. e. 89. J

Compensation to Commissioners of Publick Expendi-turc in certain Military Departments, for two Years.

Compensation to Commissioners of Windsor Forest.

The National Vaccine Establish- 1 - v o

_ > For the Year 1810.

ment. - - - J

To discharge a Bill drawn by the Governor of

Fort George.

Expences of Prison at Sbeemefs.

Examining and investigating East India Ac*

counts for one Year, to 7th Sept. 181-9.

Thames Police Office.

*8

ii

Preparing 38th and 39th Volumes of the Lords* Journals for the Press.

Stationary sent to Cape of Good Hop: % in 1808. Horse Patrole for one Quarter, to 5th April 1810.

To Messrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of the Houses of Parliament, in Session 1809.

o To the Governors of Queen Anne*s Bounty for the Poor CJerey.

o\ fTo Special Constables during the late

j Disturbances.

j To Representatives of the late Charles 1 Morris, Surveyor General of Lands for

I Nova Scotia, in consequence of under I Computation in his Accounts.

C 3 12, 000

I Issued out 1^of Civil J Lift.

fiooc

39o

C. 115.

r2, OOD o o

5, 696 11 8

XXIV. 10, 000 o o

XXV. Irish Currency.

200 o o 250 o o

200 o oco o o 150 o o 200 o o XXVJr 25, 000 o o

1, 200 O O

2, 500 o o

9, 429 18 Q 1, 047 10 2

3>79* 0 o'

3*500 o o

1, 086 o o 740 o o

10, 500 o o

25.000 o o

14, 662 o o

12.000 o o 22, 158 o o

3, 082 o o

3 <; , oooo o o 216, 000 o o 7, 500 o o

XXVII. 10, 000 o o

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

To Commissioners for Sale and Redemption of Land Tax for Services since 1799.

Military Roads in North Bri ] tain, j

Roads and Bridges in High- £ For the Year 1810. lands in Scotland, under I 43 G. 3. r. 80. J

- - [In Ireland.']

Examinator of Com Bounties for keeping Accounts.

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland.

First Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts.

Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Assistant Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Clerk in Auditor's Office Exchequer, Ditto.

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences in Ireland\ from 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

Printing &c. 250 Copies of Publick General Acts 50 G. 3.

Apprehending Publick Of-")

Non-conforming Ministers. ^rom Jan 1 1 °>°

Expence of Pratique in fth , 8lK the Port of Dublin.

of Uljler. - -I to 2Morel, .8u.

Incidents of the Treasury. I For

.tt ij 0 For three Years from

Cloth, ng Heralds, &c. - J ]?th Mmh , a

Clothing Battle Axe Guards from ift June 1810, to Dec. 1811.

Proclamation and Adver-T

tifements in Dublin Ga- / From 5th Jan. 1810, to zette, See. -f 5th Jan. 1811.

Civil Buildings -j

(British) Completing Ardglaft Pier.

(Irish) Draining Bogs.

Printing, &c. for Secreta-1

ries Office, and other f From 5th Jan. 1810, to Publick Offices in Dub- [ 5th Jan. 1811.

I'm Cattle. - - J

Salaries of Lottery Offices, for one Year ending 24th Jan. 1810.

Harbour of Howih, Works at

( British) Purchase of Duties of Butlerage and Prizage.

(Brttjh) Allowance to Commissioners for Enquiries into Fees and Abules.

(Irish) Board of First Fruits'

for building and building Churches, See. Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c.

From 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

5, 000

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C.115, 116*

W

o

o

5th /<m. 1811.

5, 000 O o Farming Society of Ireland. [

21, 600 o o Trustees of the Linen Manufacture*. - - ! From 5th Jan. x8lo, to

9, 805 o o Commiflibners for making] 5th Jan. l8jl. wide and convenient j Streets in Dublin. - j

o o Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruit*, toward* building, 8cc. Churches, Glebe Houses, £0. .XXVIII. I4>5^5 0 0 Hibernian School for Sol-')

diers* Children, o o House of Industry, Asylum and Penitentiaries in Dublin.

o o Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin. o o Female Orphan House, near.Dublin.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

Foundling Hospital, in

Dublin - -I

o o Cork Institution.

o o Association for discounte- J

nancing Vice. - >From J* J*10- to

o o Commissioners of Charitable Donations.

O O Westmoreland Lock Hospital in Dublin

O O Sir Patrick Dunn'* Hospital.

o o Lying-in Hospital.

O o Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin.

O © DoCtor Stevens's Hospital. o O Incorporated Society for Promoting English Protestant Schools. -j

XXIX. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes"

authorized, See.

XXX. Rules for Application of Half Pay. - > As in former ACtf.

XXXI. Application of Overplus of Sum, under [

1 49 £ 3* c* 128- § 13* to reduced Officers. J

CAP. CXVI.

An A & to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. [20th June i8iq.}

WHEREAS by an ACtpafled in the Thirty ninth and For- 39 & soG.s.

VV tieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for c.6.|20.

the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County ' of Southampton \ and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said

C c 4 Forefi$

50, 000

i+>585

47, 928

3.256

2.577

8.973

37.575

2, 000

1, 918

8oo

7>946

5*5*

2, 5*9

1, 000

500

29, 428

b$

39*

C. 116.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

28tll 1811.

no & 40 G. 3.

C. 86. § 12.

f Sir,

4 Forest and of the Lands of the Cro, : vn'within the same; a Power is 4 given to the Commissioners of the Treasury for Ten Years after the 4 passing of that Ad, to contract for the Exchange of any of the 4 Waste Lands lying in the Nr no Forest, belonging to the Crown,

4 not exceeding the Value of Five hundred Pounds, for any other 4 Land lying in the same Foreit, belonging to Individuals of the 4 Nature, Situation and Descriptioti in* the said Act particularly 4 specified: And whereas the Time limited for making such Exchanges will expire ©n the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient to enlarge the same : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the Au-Extended to July thority of the same, That the time for malting such Exchanges under the said recited Act shall be extended to the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleveff, and all Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Act, relative to such Exchanges, shall be and continue in force for such exteuded Period.

4 II. And whereas by the said Act it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the Commissioners named in the said Act should afeer. 4 tain the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the 4 same, which belong to His Majesty, f they Should cause a Map or 4 Plan to be made of the said Forest; io <schich Map or Plan the 4 Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the same, as ascertained b^ the said Commissioners, Should be accurately and distinctly marked, set out and diftinT 4 guished; and the Lands within the fafd Fbreft belonging to other 4 Persons Should also be marked and distinguished in the said Map or 4 Plan, so far as the said Commissionersrfhould be able to ascertain 4 the same; and that such Map or Plan should be oertified, and deposited as therein mentioned; and that after such Map or Plan 4 should have been so made and completed, certified and deposited 4 amongst the Recotds Nof the Court of Attachments of the said Forest, all unlawful Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments' and 4 Trespasses whatsoever within the said Forest, should and might be 4 enquired of by the Verdurers of the said Forest in the Court of Attachments of the said Forest, and the Person or Persons guilty of 4 any such Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trefpaso, Should 4 and might be prosecuted for the same in the said Court; and upon 4 Proof being made thereof by the Oath of One credible Witness, the Verdurera of the said Forest, or any Two of them present at the said Court, should have Power, and they were thereby authorized to fine any Person or Persons so offending, for C7ery such 4 Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered 4 and applied in the manner therein provided; and to order and 4 direct every such Inclosure, Purprefture, Incroachment and Trefpass, to be abated by the Regarders, Underkeepers, or other 4 Officers of the said Forest, who should abate the same accordingly:

4 And whereas Two of the Commissioners authorized by the said Act,

4 and a Commissioner named in a subsequent Act of the Forty 6rft 4 Year of His Majesty's Reign, proceeded to ascertain and settle the 4 Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same,

4 belonging to His Majesty, and have returned their Proceedings

4 theitoa

41 G. n. (U. K.)

C. 106.

A.D. 1810.

500 GEO. III.

C. ii 6, 117.

393

thereon pursuant to the said Act 5 but have not proceeded to cause

such Map or Plan to be made pursuant to the said Act, and have

represented that they were unable so to do j And whereas great

Trespasses have been made in the said Forest, and the Verdurers are

unable to proceed according to the said A ft, for want of such Map

or Plan i* Be it therefore enabled, That notwithstanding such Map or Plan has not been made, certified and deposited as aforesaid, it shall J>e lawful for the Verdurets of the said Forest to proceed as directed and authorized by the said Act, in case such Map or Plan had beep made, certified and deposited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, in case it shall be infilled by any Person or Persons who shall be proceeded against in the Attachment Court as cjiredted by the said Act, that the Place wherein the Inclosure, Purprcfture or Trespass shall be or alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the said Forest or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the said Forest, the said Verdurers shall not proceed to Convj&ion, but shall certify the Presentment of such Offence to His Majesty's Attorney General, to the end that such Proceeding may be had therein, by Information of Intrusion, or otherwise, as by Law might have been done before the passing of tfye said recited Act er of this Act,

Vf rdurers to proceed in ascertaining Boundaries without Map directed to be prepared uudqr recited

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Publick Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowance*. [21 ft June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Account of the Increase and Diminution of all Publick Salaries, and of all Pensions and Allowances in the Nature of Superannuation or Rewards for Publick Services, should be annually laid before Parliament; and that Provision should be made for regulating and controuling the*granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That between the Firil Day of February and Aununtof It>-Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be crease and Dimi-fitting during any Part of such Period, or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Forty Days after Mur^l'ap-the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in such Year, there u»ment.

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, an Account of every Increase and Diminution which shall have taken place within the pre-, ceding Year, ending on the First Day of January, in the Number of Persons employed in all Publick Offices or Departments, or in the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances and Expences which may have taken place, or been paid, granted, received or incurred for and in respect of all Officers and Persons belonging to or employed in or by or in the Service of all Publick Offices or Departments, specifying the Amount and Nature thereof, and dillinguishing in such Account every Increase and Diminution in the Amount of all Allowances «r Compensations granted or allowed as retired Allowances or Superannuations

394

A.D. 1810.

C. 117.

50 GEO. ill.

In wlr.t Case only t oinpenfa-tion for Publick Serv ices or Su-^evHiimiations to tie granted.

nuations to a&y Petfbfi or Persons having held any Office, Place or Employment in any such Publick Office or Department, or having been employed in any manner in any Publick Services under a«y such Office or Department, and specifying in every such Account the Time and Length of Service of every such Person, and the Amount of the Salary or Allowances received by such Person immediately preceding such Superannuation, and the Nature of his Services, and also specifying in every such Account the Grounds upon which every such Increase or Diminution in the Establishment of any such Publick Office or Department, or of any such Salary, Emolument, Allowance or Compensation, or Superannuation as aforesaid, shall have been made, granted or allowed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Compensation for any Office aboli/hed, or Special Allowance or Remuneration to any Person holding any Civil Employment in any Publick Office for any good Services, shall be charged upon the Incidents or any other Fund of any Publick Office or Department, and no Allowance or Compenfa* tion, in the Nature of any Superannuation or retired Allowance or Reward, to any such Person as aforesaid, in respect of his having held any Publick Office or Employment, or been engaged in any publick Service, (except such as may be granted by any Order of His Majesty in Council) shall be granted, paid or allowed, without the Concurrence of Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified by Warrant under their Hands, or by a Letter from One of the Secretaries to the said Commissioners, to the Officer or Officers at the Head of such Department, or by the Signature of such Three of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Instrument by which such Compensation, Allowance or Superannuation shall be granted.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he construed to extend to any Half Pay or Allowance in lieu of Half Pay, or to any such Military or Naval Allowances or Pensions, as are granted under the Regulations of any Order of His Majesty in Council now in force in any of the respective Offices of the Secretary at War, the Ma/ler General of the Ordnance, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; except as hereinafter is provided with respect to the same.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Half Pay and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay in the Army, Ordnance, Navy

laid before F'wli- or Marines respectively, and all Military and Naval Allowances and ament in separate Pensions granted, or which shall hereafter be granted in the respective annuli Eftlmates. Offices of the Secretary at War, the Matter General of the Ordnance, or Commissioners of the Admiralty respectively, under the Authority of any Order in Council, shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in separate Ettimates, with the ordinary Eftimatcs of the Army, Ordnance and Navy respectively, and shall be kept dif-tin& from all Pensions, Allowances, Emoluments or CompeniatioDS in the Nature of Superannuations or retired Allowances, in any of the Civil Offices or Departments belonging to or connected with, or under the Superintendance and Controul of the Secretary at War, or the Matter General of the Ordnance, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

V. Provided also, and he it further enacted. That all Allowances, Coxnpenfations and Emoluments) in the Nature .of any Superaniun*

tion,

Not to extend to Half Pay, &c.

Half Pay and MiUiary and Naval Pensions

Civil Allowance* ku Army, Ordnance and Navy

X

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C. 117.

395

tion, or retired Allowances) to any Persons in respect of having held any Publick Offices or Employments, or having been engaged in the Service of the Secretary at War, Mailer General of the Ordance, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty respectively, in any of the Civil Departments of such respective Offices, shall annually be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in separate Eilimates, with the ordinary Estimates of the Army, Ordnance and Navy re-fpc&iv*ly, distinct from the respective Estimateb of such Departments, and voted by Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A (El, it shall not be lawful to charge the Fund arising from the Sale of old Naval Stores, with any Peution, Payment or Allowance, to any Person or Persons whatever 5 and an Account of the total annual Produce arising from the Sale of old Stores shall be annually laid before Parliament, and Credit shall be given for the total Produce of such Sales of old Naval Stores, in the Eilimates of the Navy laid before Parliament in each Year.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Pensions, Payments, and Allowances, which are now charged upon the Fund arising from the said Sale of old Naval Stores, shall remain charged and shall be paid out of the said Fund, until the same shall be included in the Eilimates of the Navy; and all such Pensions, Payments and Allowances, shall be included in the Eilimates of the Navy for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be in like manner provided for in future Years, and shall be no longer deemed to be charged upon or payable out oi the said Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Office and Publick Department in which the Ellablilhment of the Office is paid by any Fund created by the Fees received in such Office, all Allowances and Compensations paid or granted, or which shall be hereafter granted in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards, to any Persons in respect of any Publick Services, shall be charged in the first I nit an ce, upon, and paid out of such Fund as aforesaid; arid where such Fund shall be found deficient in any Office for the Payment of such Ellablilhment and other Payments as aforesaid, an Ellimate of such Deficiency shall be submitted annually to the Commons House of Parliament, and such Deficiency shall be supplied by a Vote of Parliament

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Deficiency of trie Fee Fund shall be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary of State, of the Privy Council, and of the Treasury, the same shall be made good out of the Civil Lill; and that all Allowances and Compensations in the Nature of Superannuations, or Allowances and Rewards, to any Person in respect of any Publick Services in any Departments, the Ellablilhment of which is wholly charged upon the Civil List, shall also be charged upon that Fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Publick Office and Department in which there shall be no such Fee Fund as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Ellablilhment of such Office or Department, not being an Office in Receipt of Revenue, or an Office the Ellablilhment of which is wholly charged upon the Civil List, the Whole of such Allowances and Compensations in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards, to any Person

laid before Parliament in separate annual Elli-maies.

Fund from Sale ofoldStor charged with Pensions.

Pnnifo for IVn-fions, &.c. now cliaiged ou said Fund,

Deficiencies of Payments of £f-tablUhinem. &c. out ol Fee Fund of any Offitr, annually laid before Parliament.

Deficiency 1 of Fee Fund in certain Offices made good out of Civil List, &c«

When no Fee Fund, the Whole annually laid before and provided for by Pail&uent,

3J*

C-117*

So0 GEO. III.

A.D. 181a«

upemnnuatieiu or Allowancra U* b'S paid without l>cdu5iionaj, en-i «pt Property Tw.

#*G, 3. c. 6*.

Cqpditio«i(m v* fcjich Allowances

-Silted.

a*G. 3. c. 82.

£on in respect of any Publick Services, shall annually be laid before the Commons House of Parliament by Estimate, and be voted and charged upon such -Funds as Parliament shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Allowances or Compensations hereafter to be granted or allowed as Allowances or Pcn-iions or Superannuations, shall be paid to the Persons entitled to receive the same, without any Abatement or Deduction on account of any Rates or Duties imposed by any Act of Parliament, except the Duty granted by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Sixth Day of A pril next after the Rati-fication of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His pres nt Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an As made in the Forty third Year of His present Mayfly* for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profefjtons, Trades and Offices, and so consolidate and render more effectual the Pro* visions for collefttng the said Duties.

Xtl. And be it further enacted, That the Condition and Proportion of such Allowances, Compensations, Remunerations or Superannuations, be as follows:

Where any Officer shall be under Sixty Years of Age, it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance, Compensation, Remuneration or Superannuation, unless upon Certificate from the Heads of the Department to which such Officer belongs, that such Officer 19 incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties of his Office; in which case, if he shall have served with Diligence and Fidelity in the publick Service for Teti Years, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary and Emoluments of hit Office:

If above Ten Years and less than Twenty, any such Sum not 'exceeding One Half of such Salary and Emoluments:

If above Twenty Years, any such Slim not exceeding Two Thirds of such Salary and Emoluments:

If such Officer shall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he shall have served Fifteen Years or upwards, it shall and may be lawful although there shall be no such Certificate of Incapacity, from Infirmity of.Body or Mind, to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of the Salary apd Emoluments of his Office :

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Forty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding Three Fourths.of such Salary and Emoluments 5

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Fifty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding the Whole of such^Salary and Emoluments.

XIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty second 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 4 enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil 4 Lijl Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fapprejffing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which; 4 art

AJD.i8to.

397

GEO. m. C. i*7, u$*

1 are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And whereas it 4 is expedient that the said Act should be amended, so far as respects 4 Penuoos to Persons who shall have served the Crown in Foreign 4 Courts, after the Expiration of their ServicesBe it therefore enacted, That no Pension or Allowance shall be granted to any Person for or on account of having served the Crown in Foreign Courts, within less than Ten Years from the Date of his first Appointment in such Service, during which time he shall have served not less than Three Years, and no such Allowance shall exceed Two thousand Pounds per sinnum, and every such Allowance shall abate if such Person shall be appointed to any Civil Office or Employment under the Crown of equal or greater Amount, and shall also be subject to a proportionate Abatement if the Value of any such Office or Employment should be less than the Amount of such Allowance as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Pension or Allowance shall be granted, the Person in whose Favour the same shall be granted shall not be less than Thirty five Years of Age, and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs shall transmit to the Treasury a Certificate under his Hand, that such Person has not within such Ten Years declined serving as a Foreign Minister, except for sufficient Cause, in any Rank or Station equal or superior to that in which lie had last served, which Certificate shall be recited in the Grant of such Pension or Allowance.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Offices of Registrars of Admiralty, and Prize Courts. [aifl June 1810.]

XT 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Offices of Registrar of 4 W the High Court of Admiralty and Registrar of the High 4 Court of Appeals for Prizes, and High Court of Delegates in 4 Great Britain, should, after the E<piration of the Interests at 4 present veiled in Possession or Reversion in the same, be regulated 4 and that a Proportion of the Amount of the Fees, Emoluments and 4 Profits, arising from or in the said Offices, after Payment of and 4 defraying the Expences incident to the Duties of the said Offices, shall be carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; apd be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament all'embled, and by the Authority of the same. That after the Expiration of the Interests at present veiled in Possession or Reversion in the said Offices of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, and High Court of Delegates, an Account shall be kept in the said Offices respectively of all the Fees, Dues, Perquisites, Emoluments and Profits received by or on account of or for such Registrars as aforesaid, and the same shall be carried to and constitute a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of all the Expences arising and incurred in the Execution of the Duties of the said Offices; and out of the Surplus which shall remain after Payment of such Expences, One Third shall go and belong to the Registrar for himself and an Assistant Registrar to be appointed by such Registrar, in case it shall be ne-

ccflary

Pensions of P«f-fons who have served the Crown in Foreign Courts.

Age of Persont receiving fu«l» Pension.

Account left of Fees in certain Offices.

Application of Fees.

Qviartnly Ac-cout is laid before Court*.

Regillrar to re-ian Money for current Business of Office.

Balance paid quarterly into Exchequer.

Office of Registrar not executed by Deputy.

Iu Ige of Admiralty may dire<£l the Appointment of an Affiftai.t Regifirar.

H Salary.

His Majesty may alter Table of Fees.

cefiary that there should be an assistant Registrar, and the remaining Two Thirds* of such Surplus shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and such Surplus of Two Thirds, or such Part of the same as shall not be retained for the Service of the Office according to the Directions hereinafter mentioned, shall be paid into the Exchequer by Quarterly Payments as hereinafter mentioned, and the Account of such Fees and Emoluments, and of all Expences paid thereout, shall at all times be open to the Inspection, Examination and Controul of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be exhibited to the Court to which every such Registrar shall belong, Fourteen Days at lead before each of the Quarter Days hereinafter mentioned, an Account of the Amount ot such Surplus of Two Thirds for the current Quarter, and the same shall be verified by the Oath of such Registrar; and so much of such Amount as shall be directed by the Court shall be detained in the Hands of the Registrar for the current Business of the Office; and the Balance shall be paid into the Exchequer by such Registrar on or before the Fourth Day of January, the Fourth Day of April, the Fourth Day of July and the Ninth Day of Ofsober, in every Year next ensuing the exhibiting of any such Account to the Court as aforesaid.

III. And be it further en&ded, That no Office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Com* of Delegates in Great Britain, shall, after the Expiration of the Interest now veiled in Possession or Reversion therein, be granted for a longer Term than during Pleasure, nor be executed by Deputy; but the Person appointed Registrar, and receiving the Fees and Emoluments of the Office, shall by himself, or with an Assistant, in case an Assistant shall be necessary, in Person execute the Duties thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty at any time when the State of the Buiinefs of the said Court, or in the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Court of Delegates in Great Britain, shall appear to him to require the Appointment of an Assistant Registrar, to direct the Registrar to make such Appointment, either with or without the Request and Consent of the said Registrar, and such Assistant Registrar shall be entitled to receive not lets than Oue Third, nor more than One Moiety of One Third of the said Surplus hereby enabled to belong to such Registrar and his Assistant, according as the said Judge may from time to time direct and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted* that nothing in this A d contained shall be coi.ftrued to rellrain His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from regulating the Fees of the said Court, and from amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of His or their rrivy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper; but that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to make such Regulations, and in such manner with regard to the same, as if this Act had not been passed.

*.D .1810. 50*'GEO. III. C. tt$* $99

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an A d of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and frrther Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westmbijler Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. [21ft June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G. a. c. w.

4 Reign of His present Majesty, for consolidating and ren-

dering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings

and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to West^

miwjler Hally and the Two Houses of Parliament: And whereas

by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, 48 G. a. c. 137.

4 for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the § l*

' Forty sixth Year aforesaid, it was enacted, that it Should and 4 might be lawful to and for the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate 1 Church of Saint Peter of Westminstcry by Indenture or Indentures

under their Common Seal to be inrolled in One of His Majesty's

Courts at Westminster, to demise or lease to the Commissioners 4 under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty,

4 or to any such Three of them as therein mentioned, for the Term 4 of Ninety nine Years, to take Effect in Possession, all or any 1 Part or Parts of the Ground, Houses and Buildings in the said reciting Ad described or mentioned, and which are situate near to 4 Westm'mller Hally and the Two Houses of Parliament, and that 4 every such Demise or Lease Should and might be made at such 4 yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject^so such Covenants,

4 Conditions, Restrictions and Agreements as Should be agreed upon 4 between the said Dean and Chapter, and the Commissioners for 4 executing the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, but that 4 no such Lease Should be granted by the said Dean and Chapter 4 until the same Commissioners Should, under the Authority of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, hnve purchased the 4 Rights and Interests of the respective Lessees or Under Tenants

of the Hereditaments to be described therein respectively; and

4 by the said reciting Ad, it is further enacted, that not with (landing $ a.

4 any thing in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, contained to the contrary, all Houses, Buildings and Grounds which 4 Should thereafter be contracted to be leased to the Commissioners 4 under the same Ad or the now reciting Ad, Should be demised to 4 any such Three of the same Commissioners as in the said Act of the 4 Forty sixth Year aforesaid is mentioned, and after the same Should 4 have been so demised, Should be, and the same were by the said reciting Ad vetted in the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain,

1 or in the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord 4 High Treasurer for the time being, and Should be employed for the Purposes of the same Ad, subject to the Powers and Autho-1 ritiea in the said reciting Ad contained: And it is thereby further 4 enacted, that it Should be lawful for the Commissioners under the § 4*

4 laid Ad of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of 4 them as therein mentioned, from time to time to direct or contract 1 for the taking down of any Houses and Buildings which Should be

3 4 leased

4o<x,

G. ii£.

56° GEO. Ill*

A.D. 181dfe

leased to them by virtue of the said reciting Act, and for the felling and disposing of the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings, and that all such Materials, and the Money ariting from the Sale thereof, should be and were thereby veiled in the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, and such Money should be applied and accounted for in the manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, touching the Money arising from the Sale of the Materials of the Houses and Buildings tu be taken down in pursuance thereof: And it is thereby further § 5*enacted, that when any Hereditaments Should have been demised

by the said Dean and Chapter in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or of the now reciting Act, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from time to time, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or of any Three or more of them) by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by the Commissioners for the time being exercising that present Power, and to be enrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts at Westm'injlcr, to grant any Underlease or Underleafes of all or any Part or Parts of the same Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years, and also that it Should be lawful for the same Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, from time to time to grant any Lease or Leafcs for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which had been or Should be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or of the said reciting Act, and that every Lease which Should be granted in pur-fuauce of the said reciting Act Should and might be granted at inch yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building thereupon, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Reltric-tions and Agreements, as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them Should approve: And where-4G G. a. c. 89.*as, under the Powers of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, the Commissioners of that Act have purchased all the Rights and Interrfts of the respective LefTees or Undertenants of all the Houses and Buildings upon the Ground authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be leased by the said Dean and Chapter as aforesaid, and have caused all the said Houses and Buildings to be pulled down, and have fold and disposed of the Materials thereof, and are now in possession of the same Ground: And whereas it is expedient that the Mode of leafing by the said Dean and Chapter should be altered, and that the Powers of the aforesaid Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid should be further amended and enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enaftdd by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-D« in snd (hap- liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall to of Wertmin- and may be lawful to and for the said Dean and Chapter, and they to are hereby authorized and empowered, notwithstanding any Statute

ot Woods, &c.

A.D.idio.

jo* GEO. III.

C. 119.

40 x

or Statutes now in force to the contrary, by Indenture under their Premises authe-

Common Seal, to be inrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts at West- «l by 48 G. 3.

mnfter, to demise or lease unto the CommilTloners of His Alajesty's C'.\V l°kede-

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or to the under

Perfoti or Persons for the time being executing the said Office of 46 G. 3. c. 89,

Surveyor General, all the Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground as described in

authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be th« Schedule,

demised by the said Dean and Chapter to the Commissioners of the*?*^?

laid A €t of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which Pieces or Parcel? arcPart of the

of Land of Ground are Part of the Pofieflions of the said Dean 0\& Streets, &c.

and Chapter, and are also Part of the Hereditaments particularly for the Terra of

described in the Form of a Lease written or contained in the Schedule 96 Years, attha

to this Act, and also all tliofe Pieces or Parcels of Ground lituate RcnU

in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, being Parts and

Parcels of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of

the Commissioners of the aforesaid Acts are no longer to be used as

such, but are to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized

by the said Acts, which last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground

are the Residue of the Hereditaments particularly described in the

said Form of a Lease contained in the said Schedule, save and except

out of the said Indenture of Lease so to be granted, all those Pieces

or Parcels of Ground, being Part of the Possessions of the said Dean

and Chapter, which by Order of the Commissioners of the said Act

of the Forty sixth Year are to be laid into and to form Part of the

new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and set out by Order of

the said Commissioners, to hold the said Premises hereby authorized

to be demised, with their Appurtenances unto the Commissioners of

His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Person

or Pmftns for the time being executing that Office, for the Term of

Ninety six Years, to be computed from the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and ten, at the yearly Rents of

Four hundred and fifteen Pounds sixteen Shillings and Six pence,

forty Shillings, and one Pound fourteen Shillings and Eight pence,

and under and subject to the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements

prescribed by the said Form of a Lease contained in the said Schedule,

and upon Tender by the said Dean and Chapter of a Lease pursuant

to the said Form and duly executed by them under their Common

Seal unto the last mentioned Commissioners, or the Person or Persons

for the time being executing the said Office, it shall and may be

lawful to and for them, and they are hereby directed and required to

accept and take such Lease, and to execute a Counterpart thereof,

and to deliver such Counterpart so executed unto the said Dean and

Chapter or their Successors.

II. And be it further enacted, That the last mentioned Commif- f^ommissionenof fioneis for the time being shall be and they are hereby constituted a Corporation, by the Name of "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, " in order to enable them to

accept and take, in a Corporate Capacity by the Name aforesaid, Counterpart, the Lease hereinbefore authorized to be granted, and to execute a May ufea Corn-Counterpart thereof, and for other the Purposes of this Act, and by mun Seal, See* that Name, for the Purposes of this Act, they the said last mentioned Commissioners shall and may have- and use a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded; but nothing in this Act or in such Lease contained shall extend to charge the

50 Geo. III.

Dd

Person

A.D. 1810.

403 C. 119. 50° GEO. III.

Person or Persons of him or them* or of his or th^ir Heirs, Executors or Admfnistrators, or his, their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Payment of all or any of the Rents or the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the same Lease to be contained; but all and every such Action and Actions, Suit and Suits to be brought or prosecuted by the Paid Dean and Chapter for or in respect of the same Rents, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, or any of them, shall be brought or prosecuted against the said lait mentioned Commissioners and their Successors for the time being executing the said Office in their Corporate Capacity.

Treasury may, HI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the by Warrants, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, or the

cause'*" Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer lure* to b« made.r, . f ?.,

forth for pa\in* now an<*or t', c t, ni1e "c, nR» or any*hree or more of tlicm, and the

Dean awl Chap- Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, ter 4i9h 11 a.ad. and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by War-yearly, Stc. rant under his or their Hand or Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, or their Attorney lawfully con-ftituted under their Common Seal, the said yearly Rents or Sums of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six pence. Forty Shillings and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Eight pence, making together the Sum of Four hundred and nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two pence clear of all Deductions except the Property Tax, payable by Landlords as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, and also for paying from time te time unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors the A|p>unts of all such Damages and Costs as they shall recover in any Court of Law or Equity, against the said Commissioners of Woods, Forrfts and Land Revenues, and their SuccefTois in any Action or Suit to be brought or prosecuted by the said Dean and Chapter or their Sue-ccfibis, for recovering the said Rents reserved by the said Indenture of Lease hereinbefore authorized to be granted, or for or upon, or in respect of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the same Indenture contained, which said Warrants, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall, from time to time, be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment £ the said yearly Rents, clear of all Deductions, except as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Amount of such Damages and Costs which shall be so recovered as aforesaid, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, bad or obtained in that behalf, which said Sum of Four hundred and nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two pence, together with all such Damages and Costs as shall be re* covered as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be charged and chargeable upon the Fund commonly called the Consolidatea Fund of Great Britain.

Wurautf valid. IV. And be it further enacted, That after signing of the said Warrants from time to time the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and cf this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise. of His Majesty (whom God long preferte) or any of HU

Successors,

A.D.i$io.

4S*

jo3 GEO. III. C.119.

Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said CommiflRmers of the Treasury for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power or Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the' No Fee* tik«n. Treasury now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer

of the Treasury for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer,

Chamber!aiu and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Mmifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such '

Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to he done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquit- Acqaittanres of

tances* Receipt or Receipts of the said Dean and Chapter, or their Cliap-

Successors, or of their Attorney lawfully constituted, under their p[fcw^nl Common Seal, for the several Sums hereby directed to be paid to ^*them or their Attorney, (halt be good and sufficient Discharges for

the Payment of such several Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be fned for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Sums and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes,

Impositions and other publick Charges whatsoever (except as before exceptrd) 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said yearly Rents or Sums, or other Sums or any Part thereof, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Ad necessary Sw enable the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, or their Attorney lawfully constituted'to receive the same, then the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, or their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, or their respective Heirs,

Executors or Administrators, for the Amount of so much of such respective yearly Rents or Sums, or for the Amount of so much of such other Sum?, for the Payment of which a Warrant is hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, as shall he then due and owing to the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, and as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demand shall have been legally made of the Payment of the same yearly Rents or Sums, or of such other Sums as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Ad neceifary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively, for enabling the Person or Persons entitled to the same Rents or Sums to receive the same accordingly.

VIL And be it further enacted, That all those the aforesaid Prrmifcs Part of Pieces or Parcels of Ground hereinbefore mentioned to be Part of oIJ Sums, &c. the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of the Com-raiffioner8 of the aforesaid Acts is no longer to be used as such, but peanladChTp-is to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized by the said ter.

Acts, together with the Areas, Vaults and Appurtenances belonging to the same, or forming Part thereof, shall, from and immediately

D d 2 alter

A.D. 1810.

4<?4

Prrm.frs d mifcd

teplMtd i< hp Purpofrs of this ctid feckfld Act.

Application of M'.'ivty strifmg from Sale of Material-.

I. iTea of Tre-xuifcs by t om-irifliontrs, with Consent of Treafiiry.

C 119V 506 GEO. III.

after the parting of this Act (but subject to the Direction hereinbefore ' contained for leafing the same, together with other Hereditaments, in the mean time, and until the said Lease thereof hereby diredfced to be made shall be made, and from and after the making of such Lease then subject thereto) be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby (but subject as aforesaid) verted in and settled upon the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, for ever; and the same shall be holden by them* for ever as, and shall constitute Part of their Porte (lions in right of their said Collegiate Church, to all Latent* and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That (notwithstanding any Thing in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid contained to the contrary) all the aforesaid Pieces or Parcels of Ground which shall be demised to the said last mentioned Commissioners and their Successors by virtue of this Act, (hatl, after the same shall have been so demised, be employed for the Purposes of the aforesaid Act, subject to the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arisen from the Sale of the Materials of the Houses and Buildings lately (landing on the Ground hereby authorized to be demised by the said Dean and Chapter as aforesaid, and which have been pulled down by the Dircdion of the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid as hereinbefore mentioned, and which Monies have been received by the same Commissioners, or some of them, shall be applied and accounted for in the manner directed by the said last

' mentioned Act, concerning the Money arising from Sale of the Materials of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down in pursuance thereof. tfk

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said HereditSKnts hereby authorized to be demised by the said Dean and Chapter to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the Term of Ninety six Years, shall be so demised as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them a» therein mentioned, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, teilined in Writing under his or their Hands, to contract and agree by Writing under the Hands and Seal* of them the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, for the granting of any Underlcafe or Underleases of all or any Part or Parts of the same Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, computed from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors, and they are herebry directed and required, at the Requeil of the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, testified in Writing under their Hands, and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds under the Common Seal of the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests ami Land Revenue, and their Successors, and to be inrolled in one of

His

4

50° GEO. III. C.H9.

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm\njler9 to grant, pursuant to or not pursuant to any such Contract or Agreement, any JJn-dericafe or Underleases of all or any Patt or Parts of the same Hereditaments, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding the said Term of Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, to be computed as aforesaid; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, with such Consent and Approbation as last aforesaid, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, for the granting of any Lease or Leases, for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any Part or Parts of the Grounds which have been or shall be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by them, and to be enrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* to grant pursuant to or not pursuant to any such Contract or Agreement as last mentioned, any Lease or Leases of all or any Part or Parts of the same Hereditaments for any Term or Number of Years, and that every Underlease which shall be contrafted for by the fa»d Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty Cxtb Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned or granted by the said ^fcmmissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, and every origtfln Lease that shall be contrafted for or granted by the same Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be contrafted for or granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Agreements as the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or such Three of them as therein mentioned, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall approve,

XL And be it further enacted, That the annual Rents and Profits arising from any Grounds which shall be leased or contrafted to be leased by the Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors, or by the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Acts, or from any Houses or Buildings which shall be erected and built thereon, shall from time to time be received by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioner9 for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said Contrafts or Leases hereby authorized to be entered into 9T made by the said Commissioners of the Forty sixth Year afore-

Dd3 said,

Terms.

Coniraft.

46 G. 3. e. S9.

46 G.9.C.S9. '

Rents to be pa»4 as Treaiurjr appoint.

Commissioners not a nf* arable. for Performance of Comra$a«

AJXi8ie.

406 C. 119.

$oe GEO. III.

said, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, contained or to be contained, shall extend to charge the Persons or Person of all or any of the Commissioners executing all or any of the same Contracts or Leases, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of the same Commissioners, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lauds and Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of ail or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the same Contracts or Leases, or any of them, contained, on the Part of the same Commissioners, or any of them; but the Amount

Baanges, &c. Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences which shall or may

their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for or by reason or means of such last mentioned Contracts or Leases, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, and also all other Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences which they the same Co- miifionert respectively shall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them relppctively for or by reason or means of any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or prosecuted by or against them respectively, or against their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon or by reason of the same Contradis and Leases, Or any of them, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or for or by reason or means of their Execution by them the same Commissioners respectively, of the Powers and Authorities to them given by the several Acts aforesaid, or the Acts therein recited, or this Act, and also all the Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences (over and beyond those hereinbefore provided for) which the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Laigd Revenues, and their Successors, or the Persons for the time beuftg exercising that Oslice, shall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which

of any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought or prosecuted by or against him, them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged at the Receipt of His Majesty'i Exchequer by such Person or Persons and in such and the same mamier as the yearly Rents to be reserved upon the said Lease hereby authorized to be made by the said Dean and Chapter are hereinbefore

and Exchequer, and all other Persons hereinbefore authorized and directed to do and perforin the Acts ncccflary for authorizing the Payment and for Payment of the said Rents at the Receipt of Hil Majesty's Exchequer, are hereby authorized and required to do the like Acts for authorizing the Payment and for the Payment of the same Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences at the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; but before any Warrant for making a Debenture for Payment of any such Costs, Charges or Expences h last mentioned shall be made or issued, the Particulars of the Costs, Charges and Expences for the Payment whereof fi*ch Warrant and Debenture shall be necessary, (lull, from time to time, be examined, and the Amount thereof settled and allowed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Cud Ofiot

paid by Treasury. be recovered in any Suitor Suits of Law or Equity against them the said Commissioneis, or any of them, or against their or any of

shall be occasioned to them for or by reason or means of the Lease hereinbefore directed to be accepted, and the Underlcafes hereinbefore directed to be made by him and them, or for or by reason or means

ditedlcd to be paid; and all Officers of His Majesty's Treasury

of

AJ>.i8ro.

407

50 GEO. III. t €. 119.

of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and shall be so certified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

XIIT. And be it farther enacted, That all tliofe the aforesaid Pieces or Parcels of Grofind, being Part of the Possessions of the aforesaid Dean and Chapter, and which are to be excepted out of the aforesaid Lease so to be granted to the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, and vtheir Successors as aforesaid; and which, by Order of the Commifubners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, are to be laid into, and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and set out by Order of the same Commissioners shall, from ahd immediately after the passing of this A ft, be diverted out of the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and be verted in the Committee Men appointed for the said Parish of Saint Margaret, under an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more cjfedual several A3s made relating to paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares. Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminrter and Parts adjacent, to hold to such last mentioned Committee Men and their Successors, for the Use of the Publick, and for the Purposes of the said tart mentioned Act, and the several Acts therein referred to; and they the same Committee Men and their Successors arc hereby authorized and required and directed to accept and take the said lart mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground under their Jurisdiction as Committee Men under the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and to use and exercise over the same, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements adjoining and near thereto, all such Powers, Authorities and Remedies as they the same Committee Men are by the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and the several Acts therein mentioned, authorized to use and exercise over the old Streets, Lanes and Way's now within the Jurisdiction of the same Committee Men under the same Acts, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements lituate in the said old Screers, Lanes and Ways.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, to resume and take Possession of the said hereinbefore excepted Pieces or Parcels of Ground, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of building thereupon, or laying out the same in Streets or other Improvements: Provided nevertheless, that in case the same or any Part thereof shall be built upon by their Authority, then, and in such case, so much of the same excepted Pieces or Parcels of Ground as shall be so resumed or taken and built upon, shall thenceforth again absolutely Veil in the said Dean and Chapter, and shall be deemed to have been included in and demised by the Lease hereby authorized to be made, and shall and may be employed or disposed during the Residue then to come of the Term to be granted by the said Lease for the Purposes of, the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, in such and

1) d 4 the

PreroJfea excepted out of Lease "ranted to ( ommrflinnrrs of Woods, and which are to form the new Street, vested in (ommitlre Men of St. Margaret by 11 G.3. C. 22.

Commissionert under 46 G. 3. c. 89. may resume before mentioned Premises, and build then on, &c. to vest in Dean and Chapter.

4c8

C. up.

50° GEO, 1IL

A.D. i8w>.

Dean nnd Chapter jikiv grant to ioQcn of Woods, &c. a

-Leaic of Freni i h< teiu

c' r.U

the same manner as if the same hpd not been excepted out of the Demise intended to be made by said £.ease.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to gmnt to thp said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, a Lease of all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Two Messuages thereon situate, and being on the South Side of Great George Street, one of which Messuages was lately used as the Adjutant GeueraPs Office, and the other of which Menuages was occupied by Richard Frewin Esquire, which said Piece or Parcel of Ground is in the Plan or Ground Plot annexed to the Form of the Lease written or contained in the Schedule to this Act marked or dillinguiihed by a Green Colour, for a like Term of Ninety six Years from the said Twenty fifth Day of March last, upon such Fine, and at such Rent as shall hereafter be agreed upon by and between the said Dean and Chapter, and the lame Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which said last mentioned Lease shall in all other respeAs be in the same Form as the Law written or contained in the Schedule to this Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things hereinbefore enacted with respeA to making the Lease written or contained in the said Schedule, and for the Issue and Recovery of the Rent, and Damages for underletting the said Premises and for building thereon, or otherwise disposing thereof; and all other Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters and Things whatsoever, hereinbefore enacted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed in relation to the Lease by this Enactment authorized to be granted, and the Ground and Premises to be thereby demised as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted with respect to such last mentioned Lease, Ground and Premises.

{The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing A3 refers, contains the Form of the Indenture of Lease authorised to he grastfed by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.]!

J.OCAL

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

C.i.

4°9

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Tears, tsfc. [1. e. to the End of the next Scfftonj from a Day named in the At7.

(h) For 21 Tears, isfc. from the passing of the Ad.

(c) For 2 I Tears, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Lift, not dislinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Pi/blickActs; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following :

44 And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed 44 and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken 44 Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without 44 being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quafi-Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following :

44 And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed 4 by the Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and a 44 Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof 44 by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. i*

An Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland. [l2th March 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year 47 G.3. ScfT. 2. 4 W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to c.xxxiL 4 enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel Walls of the City of Carlide,

and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace 4 for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto: And whereas 4 the said Justices were authorized and empowered by the said Act 4 to ered and build a proper Shire Hall and Court Houses with 4 suitable Offices and Accommodations, for the more convenient 4 holding the Assizes and for other publick Purposes for the said County, as should to them the said Justices appear expedient and 4 necessary; and to pay, discharge and defray all the Expences, Cods 4 and Charges attending the erecting and building of the same, and t all incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution t the fevers} Purposes of the said Act, by and out of the publick*4 County

C.i.

A.D. 1810.

S« flion* to make Otders lor Juf-iiee» to meet in tl. ir respective \V«nls.

1 liet s to iflTue H ei-pt* f, r ()vi*rf«'ers to attfH»d their Meetings, ami to produce Poor Ratjp* verified on Oath.

5 o°

GEO. III.

County Stock or Rates of the said County, subject to such Re- flriftions and Provisoes as are therein contained: And whereas it is

found that the said County Rates are unequal, and the Payment thereof falls upon the Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments within the said County, in very unequal Proportions : For remedying whereof it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, from time to time, at their General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make a fair and equal County Rate for all the Purposes to which the County Stock or Rate is by Law applicable, and for that Purpose to assess and tax respectively and in due Proportion, all and every the Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of the Messuages, Lands and Tenements therein, for and towards the same; but which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be eoacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, or the major Part of them, at any of their General or Quarter-SefBons of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, and at all or any time or times thereafter, as often as it shall appear to them proper or expedient, to rate and aflefsall Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other Property rateable to the Poor within the said County, to the full and fair annual Value thereof according to their Judgment, not exceeding Eight Pence in the Pound upon such annual Value in any One Year, and to levy and raifp the same in such manner as the County Rates are now by Law and by this A A hereinafter directed to be raised and levied, to be applied and disposed of by the said Justices in the same manner and for the same Purposes as they now are authorized and empowered by Law to dispose of and apply the County Stock or Rate; and for the better enabling the said Justices to make such fair and equal Rate, it shall ami may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, at their General or Quarter-Session6 of the Peace to he holden next after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and afterwards from time to time and at all or any time or times hereafter at any General or Quarter-Session3 of the Peace, or at any Adjournment of the same respectively, and as often as they shall think expedient, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to make an Order or Orders for the Justices of the Peace aAing in and for the said County of Cumberland, to meet from time to time within the Several Wards and Divisions 6f -the said County for which they respeAively act; and any Two or more Justices assembled at any such Meeting, shall from time to time ifloe their Precepts under their ne-lpe&ive Hands and Seals to all and every the Overseers of the Poor as wieM within the Cities, Boroughs or Franchises as other wise, within such their respective Wards or Divisions, thereby commanding them to attend at a Day and Place or Days and Places, to be named and

4 appointed

A.D.iSiq. 50° GEO. III. C. i. 411

appointed for that Purpose by such Precepts, and before the then next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden in and for the said County of Cumberland, and to return and produce to the Justicesor Justicv then and there present the several Rates and Assessment* made for the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes, Town(hipsa liberties. Precious* Hamlets, Villages and Places in the said County of Cumberland, for which such Ovcrfeers respectively ad; and are* appointed, together with the Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such Rates, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on such several Persons or Parties respectively; and every such Rate so returned shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate, and shall be veritied upon Oath before such Justices or Justice at the time of delivering in the same by the Person or Persons so delivering them 2 Provided always, that the said Justices shall not, by virtue of any of the Powers by this Act given, rate or assess any Moors or Waste Grounds until Six Years after the same shall have been allotted, divided or inclosed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Overseer of the Overmen Poor of any of the several Parilbes, Townshipf, Liberties, Precincts, ncgleflinjto Villages, Hamlets or Placer, within the said County, shall neglect orPI'?*r< make Default in making any such Returns in manner aforesaid, then,

and in every such case, each and every such Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Just ices so assembled) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the same justices so assembled as aforesaid, by way ot Penalty for such Neglect or Default; and in case Penalty, any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices so assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High or Petty Con (table of the Ward or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place (kali , be situate, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the refptctive Goods and Chattels of each and every Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind,

Village, Hamlet or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High or '

Petty Constable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An 2. c. at.

Ail for the more easy ajfejfuxg, colleSing and levying of County Rater,

vested with for levying on the Overseers of the Poor the Sum assessed

for the Couuty Rates.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in order the better to enable Justices or Clerk

the said Justices of the Peace to form a correct Judgment of the real of the Peace to Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates as aforesaid, the said for Books Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any Three or more of T"

them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County acting under c ment* their Authority, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as they or he may

think necessary or expedient, to cause any of the Books of the AC-feffment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

A.D. 1810.

412 C. i. 50° GEO. III.

46 G. 3; c. 65*

Feaihy.

Jurtircs to certify Amount of Sumr rated to the Sflions, who Htr. authorized to make a Rate.

An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day, of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, ProfeJ-fions, Trades arid Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Mayfly, for repealing certain Parts of am Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Mayfly, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Proviftom for colleSing the said Duties; and the Rental or Valnation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and described, within any Pa-.rish or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of or Extracts from such Books or A* (Teff-ments, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them, shall think fit (such Compensation being made to the Party or Parties producing the same respectively as the said Jnltices, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable); and if any Person or Fcrfons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Afleff-xnents shall be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices or the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, Assessment or Assessments, 6r to permit them, him or any of them, to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons so making Default, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid, and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the said County to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further euacted, That in case the Justice or Justices so aAing as aforesaid within their respective Wards or Divisions, shall be of Opinion that such Rates and Assessmenta, or any of them so made and returned, upon Examination thereof, are the fair and just annual Value of the rateable Property mentioned therein, and are in other respeAs fair and equal, then the said Justice or Justices are and is hereby required from time to time to certify under their or his Hands or Hand the gross Amount of the respective Sums on which the said Rates are made and assessed in each Division or Ward in the said County of Cumberland, for which such Justices or Justice respectively aA or a As, to the then next Geueral or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the same County, to the Intent that at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or at fomc Adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter-Semons or Adjournment thereof respectively, the Justices assembled at any such General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, may from time to time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upou all and every the Messuages, Mills, J^ands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, in and

throughout

A.D. 1810.

4*3'

505 GEO. III. C< i.

throughout the said County of Cumberland, rated or liable to be rated to the Poors Rates or Property Tax in the said County of Cumberland, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Two Pence in the Pound of the several full and fair annual Values of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and so from time to time, at any future General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to continue such Rate or Kates, Assessment or Assessments, or to reduce, alter or vary the same as the said Justices at their said Sessions shall think necessary and proper, and to raise them again to any Sum not exceeding the said Rate of Eight Pence in the Pound in any One Year'; and for the Purpose of levying and raising such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment?, it shall and maybe lawful for them the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time issued in the same manner as now practised and authorized by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the several High Constables within the same County of Cumberland, ordering and requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Over* seers of the Poor within their respective Divisions, to levy and collet and pay to the High Constables within a time to be named and limited in the Warrants to be issued from the Sessions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which each High Constable shall and he is hereby direCled and required to pay at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant before the then next General or Quarter. Sessions of the Peace, to the Treasurer for the time being of the said County of Cumberland, to be applied and disposed of in such manner and for such Purposes as the County Stock or Rate is now by Law applicable; and in case any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County liable to pay the same, shall negleCT, make Default, or refuse to pay the-fame within the time to be specified and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid to the High Constable of the Ward or Division within which such Overseer or Overseers so liable and ncgleCfing to pay as aforesaid shall reflde, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place, (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the lame being in such lad mentioned Case first in dor fed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be found) returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate or Rates and the Charges of Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so diltrained and fold; and the Overseers and Overseer of any Parish, Town ship or Place maintaining its own Pour within the said County, shall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise by an equal Rate or Assessment upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief of the Poor within their respective Parishes, Townships or Places, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessary in order to raise the several Sums assessed

or

Rates when collected to lx* paid to Treasurer.

Equal Rates to be jilTtfled on the r«*f|x-Cliv^ I'arithes, 8tc.

A.D. 1810.

T*o Thirds of Kate to lie borne by Landlord, and On I bird b> the Tenaiit.

J

by Diltrcl*

)\*wcr lor Jo. mr* O. ! f« : ts.

C. i. 50° GEO. III.

or imposed upon such Parishes, Townships or Place* respectively, or to re-imbutfe such Overseers or Overseer such Sum or Sum* of Money as they shall resperiively have paid on account of the same, such Rate or Assessment to be paid by the Occupier or Occupier* for the time being of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments resperiively: Provided always, That every Tenant or Occupier paying such Rate as aforesaid, may dedudk and retain out of the Rent payable to his Landlord for the Premises in resperi of which such Rate is payable, the full Amount of Two third Parts of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so paid, it being the Intent and Meaning of this Act that Two Thirds of such Rate shall be borne by the Landlord, and the remaining One Third only by the Tenant or Occupier, and every Landlord and Owner of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments shall and are hereby required to allow and make such resperiive Dc-duriious and Payments accordingly; and every such Tenant or Occupier paying such Part of the said Rates or A(Te(Tments as are hereiubefore direried to be borne by the Landlord, or on whom the same shall have been levied, shall he and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as fully and efferiually as if the same had been ariually paid unto such Landlord or Landlords in Part of the Rent due from such Tenant.

V. And be it further enaried, That if any Person or Persons shall, afler Demand made or Notice thereof in Writing, left at hi* lad utual Place of Abode, refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this

for or in ref peri of the Me (Tinges, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments occupied by him, her or them as aforesaid for the Space of Ten Days, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overseer or Overseers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the same in such last mentioned Case being tirll indorsed by some Justict of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the reiperiive Person or Persons shall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaried, That in all Cases and Places within the said County of Cumberland when there are no Over hers of the Poor, or where the Justices of the said County a ITembled for the Purpose of receiving such Returns from the said Overseers of the Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes, Town(hip9, Villages, Hamlets, Precinris and Places as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that the Rates or Assessments produced to them at their resperiive Meetings are not fair and equal Rates and Assessments, or according to the full and fair anuual Value of the rateable Property, it shall and way be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled at such their resperiive Meetings, and they art hereby authorized and required, to summon before them any Two

or

A «Dt 181 o*

50° GEO. III. C. i. 41 j

or more of the substantial Inhabitants of such Places respectively for which there are no Overseers of the Poor, or where any of the Mefliiages, Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates are not afiefied, or in the Opinion of them the said Justices are not equally a fie fled and rated, or are not rated and afiefied to the full or fair Value; or any other Person or Persons whom they the said Justices may think necessary and proper to give Evidence as to the fair annual Value of such Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, and then and there examine such Inhabitants or other Person or Persons respectively on Oath (which Oath any One or more of them the said Justices are hereby authorized to administer) as to the annual Values of such the respective Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes,

Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, and thereupon to ascertain the Sums on which the Rate or Rates, Assessment or AflefiVnents, to be made in pursuance of this Act, ought to be levied and collected.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if in the said County of Culledtro ap-Cumbcrland there be any extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places pointed IW ext rain which there are no Pool's Rate or Overseers of $he Poor or other P*0^1*! Places. Officer necessary for the executing of the Provisions of this Act, and

in which there are any Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tytlies or Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, but not rated or'afiefled thereto, it (Jball and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Pecce of the said County resident in or acting for the Division of the said County in which such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places are situate, at any Petty Sessions to be holden by them within such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons in the Nature of and to act as Overseer or Overseers or other such Officer as aforesaid, who is and are hereby required, authorized-and empowered to act within and for such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places respectively, for effedling the Purposes of this Act, and such Person and Persons respectively shall have the like Powers veiled in him or them for effedling all such Purposes as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if he or they had been appointed Overleer or Overseers of the Poor or other Officer under any of the existing Statute Laws.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Overseer Appeal, er Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Liberty, Preempt, Village, Hamlet or Place in the said County, shall at any

time or times have reason to believe that such Parish, Township, .

Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, ' it shall and may be lawful to and for such Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or Quarter*Stfiions, or at any Adjournment thereof, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precindl, Village or Place in which such Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices respectively; and \

the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just and* equitable: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such pattf^Rate shall be qitashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish, aqahjfl, iLi.to

Township, be aiialhe^ i*

A.D. 1810.

r< fpcft of other

Parishe* &c.

Appeal.

Kxpences of Appeals to be born^ by the I'urties.

Extending Powers of former Act* to this.

13 G. 2. c. If.

Exponce* of Act to be paid out af the Haiti.

C. i.

50° GEO. III.

Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamfet or Place, or Person or Persons assessed thereby, any thing in this A£i, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, then, and in every such Case, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to such Overseer or Overseers, he, she or they may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden next after every such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the Justices at such General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall and are here by empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Dif-cretioti shall seem fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law as between Parish and Parish, or between any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions as the Caid Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter-Sessions shall award and order, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be inflituted shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for funish-ing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously full down or de-

Jlroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other IVoris ereSed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wejiward, and for afcert ain't ng the Rates of IVatcr Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrtjls; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's SubjcQs to and from the Eall Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty's Suljeds trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Jujiices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner for applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Frauchifes or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Jujiices of the Pence of Counties touching County Rates, to the Jujiices of the Peace J such Liberties and Franch fes as have Conmijfxons of the Peace within themselves, as relates to County Rates save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered), shall be good, valid and cf-e£lual for carrying this Act into Execution.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs,

7 Charges

4*7.

Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County of Cumberland by, from and out of the

Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful IWt for Jid for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part tlccs n>born> of them, at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be Money, holden in and for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof assembled, to borrow and take .up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think fit for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, upon'the Credit of the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, from the Whole of the said County, or from any Ward or Division thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them present at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to assign over the said Rates (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Rates) to any Person or Persons as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums respectively which shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Afugnment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 v'rtue an Act Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year Form of 4 of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act Affigument. 4 \Jsere set forth the Title of this A8-\ we

4 of His Majesty'g Justices of the Peace in and for the County

4 of Cumberland, present at the General Quarter-Sessions of the 4 Peace holden at in and for the

4 laid County, on the Day of

4 in conflderation of the Sum of

4 to the 'Preafurcr of the said County in hand paid

4 by do hereby grant, bargain, fell and

4 demise unto the said Executors, Ad-

mtnistrators and Assigns, the Rates arising by virtue of the said Act

from the said County [or, from the Ward or Division of

4 in the said County] to be had and holden from the

Day of until the said Sum of

with lawful Interest for the same shall be

4 repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this 4 Day of, in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents ar.d Purposes; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be 'made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whoinsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

50 Oeo. III.

E e

I Do

A.D. 1810.

Form of*T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all Principal and Interest

Timnsfei*«now due thereon, unto Executors, Admiiiiftra-

4 tors and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this 1 t)ay of

All which Transfers shall be produced and certified to the said Clerk of the Peace within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates and Names of the Parties and Sums of Money specified therein in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Aflignae shall and may in like manner assign and transfer again, and so to/irs quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Aflign-inent or Transfer, afterwards to make void, release or discharge the same Security, or any Money thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Rates in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monie?, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

Mortgagees to XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such

bt: Creditors in Mortgages or Assignments shall be made shall be, in proportion to

ancUo^be^Wl ^um or ^um8 l^ere*n respectively mentioned, Creditors on the

off iiTFourteen ^ate8 and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal

degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Mortgages in respect to the Payment of the Interest. thereof; and that the Principal thereof shall be paid in such Course and Order, according to Dates, Numbers or Advances, as the said Justices, or any Three of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint, but so that the whole Money to be secured upon the Credit of such Rates and Assessments shall or may be discharged within Fourteen Years from the time of passing this Act. Noth*«of paying XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the off S*curiti« Treasurer of the said County do and shall give Notice by Advertisement in the Carlisle Chromclcy or some other Publick Newspaper usually circulated within the said County, of the Intention of the said Justices to pay. off the Principal of all or any of the said Securi-ties, specifying the time when and what Securities are intended to be paid off, at lead Three Calendar Months before the time of such intended Payment, and that from the time specitied in such Notice all Interest upon such Securities respectively shall cease and be at an End; and the Principal thereof, together with the Interest due up to that Period, shall be placed in the Hands of the said County Treasurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of such respective Securities whenever the same shall be demanded.

Interest paii XV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money

Half-ycwlv. which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the time the respective Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall hive

- beei

4*9

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C.u

been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, in their General or Quarter-Sessions from time to time assembled, to order such Allowances and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons from, by and out of the Monies to be collected and received under the Provisions of this Act, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable, just and proper.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode One Calendar Month before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* Attorney, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Per-foM, for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Cumberland, anti not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at Ins, her or their Election this Act specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have bee'11 fb done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases tvhefe a Verdict shall be found for any IJefendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discon-tioue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coils, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the

E e 2 fame

Power for Juf* licet to nuke Allowance lor Conitablea.

Tender of Amends.

Limitation of A£ti< ns.

General IfTur,

&c.

Treble CofU,

rabiick A<a.

92 G. 2. c. 49.

7 G. a. c.83. 29G.U.C. 97.

2S G.3. e. 90.

11 G. 5. c. 28. 6 0. 3. c. 62.

2« G. 3. c. 106. 3* G.tt. c. 133.

same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Btjhob's Cleve, in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Worcester, to the said Town of Cheltenham. (b)

[i2th March 18io.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge, in the County of Durham, (a) [12th March 1810.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for erecting a Judiciary and County Hall and other Offices for the County of Roxburgh. [lath March i8tc.]

Cap. v.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for better lighting and cleansing the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Passages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Folgate otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex, which is Extra-parochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief ana Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto. [12th March 181.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers ofTwo Acts of His prc* sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shaddon Gate near Can lijle to Mulaftde, and to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck$ in the County of Cumberland. (b) [lath March 1810.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, through the Towns of Farm, Stockton and Sedgefield» to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty for repairing the said Road, (a) [12th March 1810.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, foi re* pairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross in the County of York. («)

[ 12th- March 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Half additional ToB on Sundays.]

A'D.iSio*

C. ix — xvi.

jo° GEO. III.

Ail

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ship or Hamlet of Chieveleyf in the Manor and Parish of Chieveley, in the County of Berks. (q. P.) [21ft March 1810.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. $ 20 — 28.

Cap. x.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for the Improvement of aoG.3.(I.)c.39. the Port and Harbour of Drogheda (c) [21ft March 1810.] 37G.3(I.)o.56.

48 G. 3. c. cvi.

Cap. xi.

Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His pre- r C.3. 0. r»3. lent Majesty, 10 far as the same relate to the Road from Buciland MG.a, c. 102. jDm ham to Radford Bridge, and from Mtifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillip, and from Kilmerfdon to Radjlock in the County of Somerset. (b) [ 21II March 181 o. J

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing the Term and amending Two Acts passed in 29 G. 3. c. 107. the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, 3*G.3. c. 144. for appending the Several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road from Bury to Haflingden, and from thence to Blackburn and Whaliey> all in the County Palatine of Lancrjier; and also for making a Branch of Road from Portjield to the West End of the Town of Pudiham, in the same Qounty. (, b) [21ft March 1810.]

[.Additional Trustees Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 10G. 3. c. 10*. ^Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twentieth Years aoG.8. c. 94. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincolrt. (b).

[21ft March 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted %

Double Tolls on Sun day.2

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Titchjield to Cosham, in the County of Southampton, (a)

[21ft March 1810.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 29 G. 3.0.88. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third 33 G. 3. c. 179, Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wakfield to Abberford in the County of York. (J)

[21ft March x8lO.]

[Former Tolls repealed\ and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act 94 G. «. c. made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for mak-Ee 3 ing

4, 2 2

29 Cr. a. C. 96*

20 G.2. r. I 5.

C, Xxxii.

J r» 3. C. 4/.

j.

7 G 1 Sttf. i.

r. J 1 . in jwtv,

repealed § js.

W (!, 9. r 91. 96G.9.C -1 fjg. 42 ti. 9. (U.K.) c. i\x.

' r xx.

4U..J. c. liv.

C.xvi — xxiv. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

ing and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stir ling, (b) [21ft March l8io«3

[.Appointment ofTrustees repealed. Tolls repealed as therein mentioned, and others granted. Pontage Duties repealed, and new Duties granted.']

Cap. xvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of White-Jheet Hill, to the IVilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts. (*) [21ft March 1810.]

[Additional Trujltes, Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xviii,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Eynsford Turnpike Road hi the Parish of Shorcham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Sevenoaks to Bromley, in the said County. (b) [2UI March 1810.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof. [24th March 1810.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty and the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton.

[24th March 1810.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thir-tictil Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dor-Jet. (c)'[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lower Saint Cross Mill I jane, (on the Road from the City of Winehrjler to the Town of Southampton) te Park Hate, on the Road from Southampton to Gojport, in the County of Southampton, (a) [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, clcanfing and watching the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Im*.provements in the said Town. [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal from Sherry man9 s Bridge to Cajile Well, in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the several Acts for making the said Canal. [6th April 1810.]

Caf.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Bishop Wearfnouth and Bishop Wear mouth Panns, for cleansing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein, [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His pre- uG.il.t. sent Majesty, for paving, clean sing, lighting and watching the '

Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing'the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market House; and for otherwise improving the said Town 5 and for establishing a Watch on the River Wear. [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to revive and continue # the Term and Powers of an Act*& Years, tfi.J \>aflfed for empowering the Commissioners for paving, cleansing and b G* 3* e*13 lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City ana Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned.

[6th April 1810 ]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for constructing a Pier or Harbour at or near the Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth. [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[6th April 1S10.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the 9G.8.c.i04.pr. Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parish of Laneham, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham. [6th April 1810.]

Cop. xxxii.

An Act to alter and explain an Act made in the Forty seventh Year 47 G. n. FtfiT. 1, of His present Majesty, to enable the Provident Institution to sue*»* in the Name of their Managing Director, and to enrol Annuities.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty fi-th Year of His a6G.3.«.109» present Majesty's Reign, for incofporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society. [6th April 1810.]

[, Former Duties to cedfcy and new Duty granted

E e 4 Cap

A.D. 1810.

14 G. 2. c. 31. 2 <; . 3. c. 7»* 25} G. 3.c. 98.

7 G. 3. C. 104. 28 G. 3. c. 94.

28 0.2. C. 59. 21 G. 3. c. 99. 36 G.3. c. 137 43 G. a. c. H. jepcaled.

13 G. 3. c. 34,

*J*aled.

lOG.a.c.^nr

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Alts, pa fled in tho Fourteenth Year Of His late Majesty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster in the County of York, to SaU ter9* Brook in the County of Chrfter. (b) [6th April 1810.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls repealed9 and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Marchvj'itU in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Wortheulurj and Hanmer, in the County of Flinty to a certain House therein mentioned in the Parish of Whitchurch^ in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpos, in the County of Chester$ and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salop; (a) [6th April iSto.j

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xx*vi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colney in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for continuing the same Road through Glalburn and Silfden to Addingham and Cocking Endt in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [6th April 1810.|J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eajt Marlham % in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.) [6th April i8.to.^

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §21.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sujftx, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market 5 for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coast safe and commodious $ for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Measures, and building a Towa Hall.[^8th^r»/1810.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, in the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Thorp?> in the County of the faic\ City, [iftth April 1810.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick PalTages within the Town of Ponttfra8 % in the County of 7Vif for better supplying said Town with W*ter, an4

for

A»Dfitio*

50° GEO, III,

C. xl — xlvitf.

for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Putpofes theroin mentioned. [ 18th April 18lO. ]

(7/7p. xli.

An Act for watching, and more effectwally lighting, cleansing and SeeasG.a.e.ay, otherwise improving the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the c. 70.

Liberty of Trippett and the Lordship or Precinct of Mylon, in^ the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; and for prevent- 24' ing Nuisances therein; and also for preventing Fraud* and Im-positions in the Quality, Measure and Cairiage of Coals fold in the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof. [18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Lowefloft, in the County of Suffolk.

[ 18th April 181 o.J

Cap. xliii.

An Act for providing an Additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sains Luke, Chelsea, in the County of M'tddlrsex.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Pad- SeecsG.a.r.74« dington in the County of.Middlesex. [18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act: for better attefling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Georgt the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Coipity of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Caps xlvi.

An Act for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Bank, on the g. 2. r. 11. North Side of the IVaJh of the Hundred Feet River, in the Isle of 32 G. a. c. 13. Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. »G.a.c.6j.

[.Sth^W/jRio.] nG.a.c.o., .

u J 46 G. 3. c. xcvi.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Salter's Lode and Welche's Dam Bridge, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk. £i8th April 1810.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an 45 G. 3. c. bed& Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rununey in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan.

[18th April 1810.]

TFormyr Tolls repealed, quid new Tolls granted. Double Tolls orr

Sunday.3

a*G. J. c. 9.

14 G. 3 C. 115 i)6 G. 3. c. 130.

02 C.3. c. 39.

Letters Patent, 1 3th Jan.

40 G. 3.

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating therewith. (b)

[18th April 1810.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap 1.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South EJk, at or near Montrose. [18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls to eease, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap. li.

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majesty to the Royal Institution of Great Britain, and for extending and more effectually promoting the Objects thereof. [18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of January, in the Fortieth .Year of His present Majesty's Reign; after reciting that several of Hi9 Majesty's Subjects were desirous of forming a Publick Institution for diffuling the Knowledge and facilitating the General Introduction of Uleful Mechanical Inventions and Improvements, and for leaching by Courses of Philosophical Lectures and Experiments, the Applications of Science to the common Purposes of Life, His Majesty did give and grant that George Earl of IVittchelfca and Nottingham and several other Persons therein named, and such other Persons as should be from time to time elected in manner thereinafter directed, and their Successors, should for ever thereafter be by virtue thereof one Body Politick by the Name of " The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great Britain and by the same Name have perpetual Succeilion, and for ever thereafter have Power to purchase, receive and po&ft any Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and (notwithHanding the Statute of Mortmain) to purchase, hold and enjoy to them and their Successors, any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, not exceeding at the time or times of purchasing thereof respectively the yearly Value, at a Rack Rent, of Two thousand Pounds in the Whole; and His Majesty's further Will and Pleasure was, that in case any Proprietor of the said Institution should be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest therein, and should in Writing notify the same to the Committed of Managers, to be appointed as therein is mentioned, then it should be lawful for the said Managers to elect, in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person nominated by such Proprietor, and then the Right and Interest of such Proprietor should determine, and thenceforth become vested in such Person so elected; and also, that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it should be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be admitted or ballotted for as a Proprietor in the Right of the Proprietor so 4*dying,

AX>.1810.

4*7

50° GEO. III. C. li.

4 dying, subject to such Restrictions and Regulations as are therein

contained: And whereas the Proprietors of the said Inltitution 4 have, at a very considerable Expence, purchased and provided a 4 large and commodious House and Buildings situate in Albemarle 4 Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the 4 County of Middlesex, for the Purposes of the said Inllitution, and 4 have formed a Mineral Collection of British Specimens fciciitifically 4 arranged, and extensive and valuable Libraries; and also have 4 ere^led and furnished a spacious and useful Laboratory, in which

are made Experiments and Investigations important in a very high 4 Degree to the Improvement of Chemical Science, and to its Ap* 4 plication to Arts and Manufactures in this Country; and in the 4 Course of which, Discoveries have been made highly honourable 4 to this Age and the British Nation: And whereas the increased 4 Scale of Expenditure which has necessarily attended the increased 4 Scale of the Establishment having far exceeded the Funds of the said Inllitution, the Managers have lately laid a State of their 4 Concerns before a General Meeting of the Proprietors, at which 4 it was unanimously determined, that the National Objects to which 4 the Royal Inllitution is now applied, should not be abandoned 4 on account of any Sacrifice of Property which may be required 4 on their Part, but with a View to attract the Interest of Scientific and Publick Charadfers in its Fayour, and to induce them to 4 form an active Co-operation for its Support, that Measures should 4 be taken to form on its Balls a Publick National and Permanent 4 Establishment devoted to the Cultivation of pradlical Science, and

to the Promotion of every Improvement in Agriculture, Manufailures and the Arts: And whereas the Saleable and Hereditary 4 Right in the Shares and Property of the said Inllitution, have opc-. 4 rated as Impediments to that general Interest and Co-operation 4 which appear to he efiential to such a Publick National and Pervnanent Ellablifiiment as aforesaid, and therefore a General Meeting of the Proprietors have agreed, that such Saleable and Hereditary Right shall be entirely done away, and that every Proprietor who shall relinquish and give up his or her Saleable and 4 Hereditary Share and Property in the said Inllitution, shall become a Life Member thereof only; and as a Compenfnion for 4 such his or her Saleable and Hereditary Right as aforesaid, shall 4 have the Power of nominating, by Writing under his Hand, or by 4 his Will, any Person being his Wife or Child, or other Relation 4 in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to 4 the said Inllitution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, every Life Member shall have the Power of admitting One 4 Person to the Lecture*, Collec tions, Libraries and Reading Rooms,

4 whenever he himself shall personally attend: And whereas an Appraised Valuation has been lately made, by Ikilful Persons, of the 4 Property and Effects of the said Inllitution, in order to ascertain

4 the Value of each Proprietor's Share therein, which appears by 4 such Valuation to amount to the Sum of Forty two Pounds and 4 Ten Pence, or thereabouts, being the Value of each Proprietor's 4 Share; and it has been agreed by the Proprietors present at a Special General Meeting convened in the manner directed by the ByeLaws of the said Inllitution, that in case any Proprietor shall not 4 confect to become a Life Member of the said Inllitution, then,

4 and

423

C. It.

50° GEO. III.

A-D.it 10.

£)

JJ

1 and in such Case, as a Com pen fat ion for such his or her H ere-1 ditary and Saleable Share or Property as aforesaid, such Proprietor 1 shall receive the pecuniary Compensation of Forty two Pounds and 1 Ten Pence, or at his or her Option such Sum of Money as hall 1 be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value of such his br her Share 4 or Property as hereinafter is provided or mentioned: And whtTcas 1 by the, said Letters Patent, and by the Bye-Laws made in par-1 fuance thereof, the Affairs and Concerns of the said Inftitition ' are dircdled and governed by a Committee of Managers, coufifting of the Prelident, Fifteen Managers, and the Secretary; and 4 the said Iuilitution is from time to time inspected and examined 4 by a Corpmittee of Visitors, confiding of the Treasurer and Fifteen Visitors, the Members of the said Committees being cl offn 4 by and from ^raong the Proprietors of the said Institution, and 4 the President, Treasurer, Secretary, and One Third of the Managers* and One Third of the Visitors, having been renewed or chosen annnally on the First Day of May, or when that Day has 4 fallen on a Sunday, on the next Day: And whereas it is deemed 4 expedient, that all the said Managers and Visitors should be renewed or chosen annually, and that the greater Number of such 4 Managers and Visitors respectively shall be Members of the said Institution, who have not .been Managers or Visitors during the 4 preceding Year: And whereas by the said Letters Patent the 4 Power of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws for the Regulation of the said Institution is veiled in the said Managers, with 4 the Consent of the said Visitors, and the Confirmation of the said Proprietors at large; and the Power of electing the Proprietor* 4 or Members of the said Institution, and the Honorary Members of the said Institution is alfa veiled in the said Managers: And whereas it is deemed expedient that the said Powers of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws, and of eledling the Members and 4 Honorary Members of the said Institution, should be veiled in the 4 Members at large, fuhjcdt to the Restrictions hereinafter rtventioned: And whereas the said several Purposes cannot be carried 4 into Efteft without the Aid of Parliament: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflt-mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That - ' " --- ... .....

No Member or Proprietor to

from and after the passing of this Act, the Objects of the said Body Politick, and the Powers veiled in them by the said Charter, and this Act respectively, shall be extended and applied to the Promotion of Chemical Science by Experiments and Lectures for im-proving Arts and Manufacturees, to discovering the Uses of the Mineral and other Natural Produdlions of this Country, and to the DifFufion and Extension of useful Knowledge in general; and that the Name of The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great 44 Britain, " by the said Charter directed to be qfed, shall cease and be discontinuea; and that in lieu thereof the Name of the said Body Politick shall be 44 The Members of the Royal Institution of Great 44 Britainwhich lad mentioned Name shall be as valid and effeduaJ for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been originally comprized in the said Charter.

11. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

tius

A.D. 181d'

50° GEO. lit.

CM.

this Act, no Member or Proprietor of the said Inilitution (hitl have any further or greater Share, Right or Intcieft therein, than for and during the Term of his natural Life; and that the said Clauset in the said Letters Patent, whereby it is declared, that in case any Proprietor of the said Inflitution shall be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest in the Property thereof, and shall notify the same, then it shall be lawful for the Managers to elect in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person to be nominated by such Proprietor $ and that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it shall be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be ballotted for or admitted in the Room of such deceased Proprietor, who, if a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor, shall be admitted as a Proprietor; but if other than a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor shall be ballotted for Election as a Proprietor, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor or Member who shall be willing to give up and re-ltnqmfh his or her Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Inflitution in consideration of such Power and Privileges as are next hereinafter mentioned, shall iR such Form as shall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Inilitution, have the Power of nominating by Writing under his or her Hand, or by his or her. Will, or any Codicil thereto attested by Two or more Witnesses, one Person, being his Wife or Child> or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the said Inflitution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, each and every such Proprietor or Member shall have the Privilege of admitting One Person to the Lectures, Coliedlion, Libraries and Reading Rooms, whenever he or she shall personally attend, but not other wile.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or Member, or the Trustee of any Proprietor or Member, or the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Proprietor or Member, shall, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, signify that he, (he or they will not agree to relinquish and give up his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Inilitution, in consideration of such Power and Privilege as lad hereinbefore mentioned; then each and every such Proprietor or Member, for the time being; or his or her Trustee, Executors or Administrators, shall be paid by the Managers of the said Inilitution, the Sum of Forty two rounds and Ten Pence per Share, as a Corn-pen fat ion for, and in full Satisfaction of, all his, her or their'Share, Right and Interest in the said Inilitution, unless such Proprietor or Member, Trustee, Executor or Administrator, shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Corporation, for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Shares and Property in the said Inilitution, as such Value stood immediately before the passing of this Act, which it shall be lawful for every such Proprietor or Member to do and to proceed to Trial therein, in like manner as in other A&jons at Law $ and after Verdict had thereupon, the said Corporation shall and they

8 are

429

have more than a Lite Intercil.

Members willing to rclirK|uUh their Saleable and Hereditary Property may nominate a Life Member.

Members not willing to re-linquifh their Saleable and Hereditary Property may receive the Sum of42l. lOd. per Share, or recover the Value.

A.D.iffio.

Election of Manors and Vilitors.

Fowrp to lh<- lav. vt-ftcU ill (ifiieral Momhfy M Stings.

El^ion of Mrmlxm veiled in tin* Genml Monthly Meeting*.

Time* of General Monthly Meetings.

C. li. $o° GEO. III.

are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or A&ious, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be recovered in such Action or A & ions as such Compeniation as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid or tendered, shall oeafe to be a Proprietor or Member of the said Corporation, or to have any Share, Property, Right or Interest therein; provided that in all Actions where the Verdidfc shall be given for more than the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, the Cods of Suit shall be paid by the Defendants; and in all Actions where the Verdict shall be given for the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or for any lei's Sum, the Costs of Suit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the first Day of May, which shall be id the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thenceforth in each and every Year on the First Day of May, funlefs when the same falls on a Sunday, and then on the next Day) the Members of the said Institution present at their annual Meeting, shall then proceed to elect by Bailot, from and among the Members of the said Iniiitution (subjedt nevertheless to the Bye-Laws of the said Institution respecting the manner and time of such Election) not only a President, Treasurer and Secretary, but also Fifteen or more Managers, and Fifteen or more Visitors in the Room of the Managers or Visitors of the preceding Year, the major Part of such Fifteen or more Managers, and the major Part of such Fifteen or more Visitors, being Members of the said Institution, who have not been Managers or Visitors in the preceding Year.

VI. And be it further eriacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Bye-Laws shall be made, altered or repealed, except by the Authority of one of the General Monthly Meetings of the Members of the said Institution: Provided that no Bye-Daw, nor the Alteration or Repeal of any Bye-Law, shall be proposed at aaf Meeting, unless Notice of such Bye-Law, or of the- Alteration or Repeal of any such Bye-Law, shall have been {riven in Writing signed by at Jeaft Fifteen Members of the Initjtution, and £rnt round to the said Members Fourteen Days at lead before such General Monthly Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Power of the said Managers So tied Proprietors or Members of the said Institution, and Honorary Members of the said Institution, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth it (lull be lawful for the Members of the said Iniiitution, at their General Monthly Meetings from time to time, as well to eledf and chuse by Ballot such Persons to be Members of the said Institution, as shall have been recommended by Four Members at least (in such Form at shall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution) and shall hare respectively paid or secured to be paid to the Funds of the Institution, in case of their Election, such Annual or other Sum as shall from time to time be fixed for the Qualification of a Member of the said Institution; as also to elect and chuse by Ballot to be Honorary Members of the said Institution, such Brit'tjb Subjects as are of the Blood Royal, or such Foreigners as are of elevated Rank, or distinguished for scientific or literary Attainments.

VIU. And be it further enacted, That the Gciieral Monthly

Meetings

AD.iSib.

C. li, 1x5,

43*

50° GEO. III.

Meetings of the Royal Institution shall be held on the First Monday in the Months of February, March, April, May, June, July, August, November and December in every Year, at Two o'clock in the Afternoon precisely, or on such other Days and 'rimes, and at such other Hour as shall from time to time be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful i»

to and for the Managers of the said Institution (in Writing under Prufeflors. their Hands) to allow such Salaries to their Professors, Lecturers and Officers, as by such Managers shall be deemed a reasonable Compensation for their Duty and Attendance, not with Handing such Pro-fessors, Lecturers or Officers may he Members of the said Institution; any thing in the said recited Charter to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X.' And whereas the Library of Reference and Mineral Collec-

tion have been formed at the Royal Institution by Subscription

upon the following Conditions; that each Subscriber of One

hundred Pounds, or upwards, should be an Hereditary Patron of

the said Library and Collection; and that every Subscriber of Fifty 4 Pounds should be a Life Patron of the same 5 and it is deemed expedient, that the Hereditary Rights of the Patrons should be abolished and taken away upon a fair CompenfationBe it therefore

enacted, That the Proprietors or Members who have contributed, or Compensation t* who shall contribute to the said Library of Reference and Mineral Hereditary Collection, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be Patrons for Life only of the f id Library and Collection; and each such Patron shall have Power by Writing to appoint any one other Person (being a Life Member of the said Institution) to be a Patron for Life of the said Library and Collection.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein IWitofbr

contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lefTen of Lift

or affect the Rights and Interests of any Life Subscriber, or An-

nual Subscriber, in the said Institution, but the same shall be as good, 1 valid and effectual in all respects whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Letters Pa- Letter* Patent

tent, and the Bye-Laws made in pursuance thereof (except so far as a, ul Hye-biws the same are altered or made void by this Act, or as any of the said Valid

Bye-Laws may be contrary to the said Letters Parent, or to the lere vai*Laws of the Realm) are hereby confirmed and made valid in all re-

fpeds, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Publick Act. and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by ail Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Hi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 9G 3. c. 77. several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads 17C.3.C. ill. in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more effectually repairing, improving and peeping >n Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon, (a) [18th April 1810.]

[Additional Truflces. Double Toll* on Sunday.]

Cap. %

43*

C.Iiu — lit.

A.D. 1813

Sop GtO. lit

7 G 3. c. 96. 2y G.3. c* 85

3 G. 3. c. 26.

24 G. 3. Sell*. 1.

C. lb.

12 G. 3. e. 101. u G. 3. c. 147.

26 G. 3. c. 126. repealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. xv. repealed as tv the Sulk

Dull id.

Cap. liii*

An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Ad* of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars1 Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresjicld, in the County of Sufix. (c) £i8th April 1810.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cup. liv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hit chin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford. (*/) r 18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. Iv.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Puiborough, in the County of Sussex, to the Road running from Worthing to Horsham, in th* said County; and from the said Road running from Worthing to Horsham to the Directiou Post in the Parish of Steyning, on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham, in the said County. (b) [18th April 18io.]

[Double Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads therein described; and for extending the said Roads from Kings Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Weston under Lizard to Newport> in the County of Salop. (b)

[ 18th April 181C ]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [l8th April 181c.]

[Additional Half Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repaiseveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth. (a) [18th April 1810 ]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York, to Mansfield in the County of Nottingham, at or near (down in the

County

C. Hx — Ixviii.

433

50° GEO. III.

County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Work fop to Kelbam, at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham (3)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Parliament of «oG.3.(I.)c.14. Ireland, in the Twenty fixlh Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Rathdown.

[t8th April 1810 ]

Cep. lxi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty second Year of His pre- 42 G.3. c.cwrR. sent Majesty for repairing the Road from Buekton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hill, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Ber-wick upon Tweed.*[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend* several Act9 for repairing Roads leading to and[rmdcontimtc] through the Town of Frame in the County of Somerset, and for aoti.a. c. as>. paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the said i«G.3. c. 94. Town, and for removing Part of the present Market Place in the i'17 5'

said Town. (£) [18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls rspeeded, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hardingftone s Q. 3. c. sa. to Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, (a) ia G. a. c. 103.

[18th April 1810.] "P4*1'*1'

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Eling and Fawley, in the Coimty of Southampton, (q. P.) [18th April t8ioi]

Allotment and Compensation for Tythes. § 16.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trull9 and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Cabtl Coningejly Earl of Essex, with Sarah Countess of Essex, his Wife, (q. P.)

[18th April v8to.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Bletchley, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Plumflead and Pof wick, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [18th April 18 lp.J

Cap. Ixviii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of [See 49 G. 3.

50 Geo. III. F f Kilmarnock,

434

jan.a.

15 ft. 8. 37 G. 8.

93 G. 3.9G. 3. < 2w G. a. XCJ>.cd,

3

4

C.lxViiir-lX*v. JtP GEO. III. AJ}.i8: o;

Kilmarnock^ ind Suburbs therfeof 5 for tegnlatmg the Police: hd Markets g and fbt other Purposes therein Mentioned.

£ 18 th May 181 >. ]

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour within the Goi nty

of Stirling. [llth May iSid.]

Cap. Ixx.

e. as. An Act to amend several Acts of the Thirteenth, Thirty lifth c. 4i. and Thirty seventh Years of Iiis present Majesty, for deepening

c. ioi- and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen, (a)

filth May i&Kx}

Duties. ]

Cap. Ixxi.

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground For the Purish of Saint John, Hampfiead, in the County of.Middlesex.

[l8tk May lSio.]

Cap. Ixxii.

An Act for more efleftually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kmross, Perth and Clackmannan. (5)

[18th May 181: 0.]

" 45 3-.f- cnii. repealed. 30 G. 3. e. 93. 37 G. 3. c. 180. and

" 47 G. 3. SefT. 1. c.'ll. in part repealed.

Cap. Ixxiik

r. is. An Act for mOre effectually repairing the Roads leading into the c. 1 s.City of Hertford, and several Roads communicating therewith, (a)

90. [18th May 1810.]

c' l0S* [Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of IViJbech in the Isle of EJj> in the County of Gamhridgtf to the Town of Thorney in the same Isle and County. (£)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His piefent Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within

the Cities of London and Westminster, by permitting Johns* Patent.

Teflera to be used in the Covering of Houses and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned. £i8th May 1810^]

c. 78.*'WHEREAS by an Act passed.in the Fourteenth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party IValls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of 4 London and Well minder* and the Liberties thereof \ and other the 4 Parishes, PreemBs and Places Within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Paneras, and Saint Luke at CheHea, in the County of Middlesex; and 4 for indemnifying, wider certain Conditions, Braiders and other Per-

4 Jons

A.D.ifio. 50° GZO. QL C.lxxv. 435

font against the Penalties to which they ere or may he Habit for 4 ere&ng Buildimgi wit hi* the Limits aforesaidi contrary to Law, it

4 was, among ft other things, enacted, That every Flat, Gutter and \ 47. f Roof of every Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth or 4 Fifth Rate or Class of Building (defaced in the said recited Act)

which should be built after the Twenty fourth Day of June then 4 la ft, and every Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other 4 Erection which should be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such

Building, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter; Roof,

Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn in any Building of the said First,

4 Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class of Building then

built, or which should at any time after the time aforesaid he ripped 4 or uncovered, should be covered with Glass, Copper, Lead, Tin,

4 Slate, Tile or artificial Stone, except the Doors, Door Frames,

4 Windows and Window Frames of such Dormers, Turrets, L«dt-

horn Lights Or other Ereftioos: And whereas since the paling

4 of the said recited Act, His Majesty's Letters Patent under the 'Letters Patent,

4 Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at We&minJUr the Twenty* Bee. i7»o.

4 fccoad Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand 4 eight hundred and six, have been granted to Ambntfe Bowden Johns,

4 for his new-invented Composition called Johns' Patent Tefferat compolled of Limeftoae or any other Stone powdered, or Road Stuff,

4 where Stone is made use of for repairing of Roads, and other Artides of a stony, sandy or calcareous Nature, with a sufficient 4 Addition of Tar or other Bttumenous Substances, mixed together 4 by the Application of considerable Heat and powerful Machinery,

4 and afterwards pressed together and rolled into Sheets by Means 4 of RoHers acting with great Preflsure, to be used in the Covering 4 of Buildings: And whereas such Composition has been found ufefvu 4 and (afe for such Purposes, and not liable to catch Fire, to aa to 4 communicate the lame to any adjoining.PremilesAnd whereas it is expedient to allow to be used in the Covering of Buddings the said Composition called Johns' Patent Tejera, as well as the feverti Articles mentioned in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament _ assembled, and byrthe Authority of the same, That from and after TeflVra may be the passing of this A A, every Flat, Gutter and Roof of every Build- used in covering ing of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class BitiWimw within of Budding, and of every other Rate or Class of Building, and every of % Ior'

Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection which shall x be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Budding, and eveiy external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer and Lasit* horn, in any Building of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate, or any other Rate or Class of Building now built, or which shall at any time hereafter be built within the several Places named in the said recited Act, and every Coping, Cornice, Facia* Window-drefEng, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade, or other external Decoration or Projeftion whatsoever, to any such Buildings respec* tively, and aHo every Frontispiece to any Building of the said First Rate or any other Rate or Class of Building now buflt or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any such Build-

F f 2 ingj

AD.iSid.

hupmion of

Rkiracmui

SubtUuce.

Ufm» Composition as T« flcra,

for Tessera per* mittc.l to be used b) Act.

Penally.

Prcviso«

JO S: 40 G. 3.

C. XXUU

44 G* 3. C.xlvt*

C. Ixxvj Ixxvi. 50* GEO. HI*

ing, and every covered Way as shall or tnay hereafter be made to any Building, may be covered with the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera, or any or either of the said several Articles or Materials mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, and the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera shall and may be used in like manner as if the said Material or Composition had been specilically named and included in the said Act among the Articles enumerated therein to be used for covering any such Buildings; on each Sheet of which Tessera so used, shall be damped on the upper Side thereof in legible Characters the Words,* Tessera licensed " to be used by Act of Parliament."

II. And be it further enacted, That the TefTera to be used pursuant to this Act shall not contain a greater Quantity of Tar or other Bitumenous Snbstance, than is set out and described in the Specification of the said Composition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make use of, in the covering of any Flat, Gutter or Roof of any such Building, or of any Turret, Dormer, Lanlhorn Light or other Erection in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, or any external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer or Lanthorrr Light, or of any Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-dressing, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade or other external Decoration or Projection, or any Frontispiece to any such Building, or any Addition or Enlargement thereto, or any covered Way belonging thereto, any Composition, Mannfafture or Mixture, as and for the Tessera permitted to be used by this Act, then, and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Casts of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of: His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Effoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than Ohe Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same 5 and every such Person shall also be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, Restrictions and Regulations imposed by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Persons offending against the said recited Act: Provided always, That no Action or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Penally or Forfeiture infiifted or incurred by this Act, unless the same shall* be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal; and for alter? ing and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto. [(8th May 1810.]

Caf.

C. lxxeii — lxxxir.

50° GEO. III.

f437

Cap. Ixxrii.

An Act for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of*".Mor'eton'j Leant, between. Tower House and Whitttefey Field, in the Isle of Ely and Couuty of Cambridge. [18th Jlflay 1810.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Ad9 of His late and 30 G*c*36-present Majesty for draining, preserving and inclosing Lands in 34 G^OrC.iot* March, Wimblington and UpwelU in the Isle of Ely aHd County of Cambridge, so far as the said Acts relate to the First and Second'

Districts therein mentioned.*[18th May 18 to.]<

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors*

Parishes and Places of North Weston, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerset. [l8th May810.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for draiuing and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[18th May t$lo: ]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marshes and Fen Lands called or known by the Napie of The Minfmcre .Lcv'U within the several Parishes of Leiftony with the Hamlet of.&'zr-avelU Theberton, Dunwich, Wefileton and Middleton cum Fordlty9 in the County of Suffolk.. [18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His 43G.3.c.cxxtHu present Majesty, intituled, An ARfor the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the feud Town. [ 18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for better lighting, watching, cleansing and repairing the 29 G. 2. r. «r. Highways, and otherwise improving the Hamlet of Ratcliff\ iti to

the County of Middlesex9 and for repealing an Act of the Twtfoty ninth Year of His late Majesty relative thereto; and for the better lc Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxiv. r %

An Act for better paving and lighting, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of.Middlesex. '

[18th May 1810.]

M x G. 3. Ml. 3 G. 3. e. 13. 4 G. 3. e. 39. 5 G. 3. c. co. 11 G. 3.

" c. 22. 30 Q. 3. c. 53. repealed a# to Liberty of the Rolls. $ 16.

t f 3 Cap.

438 C. lxixv — *xcii. 50° GEO. ITT. A.D. 1810.

Cap. lxtxv.

17 G. 3. c. 59, An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty ferenth Year of His pment Majesty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other

Purposes in the said Act mentioned. [18th May 1810.]

Cap. IxxxvL '

49 G. s.f.cxavi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse* and Soft Bridge over the River Foss* in the City of Toth; for widening, raising and improving certain Streets, Lanes and PalTages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City.

N [18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for maintaining a Bridge across the River Beauley* to be called The Lovat Bridge, in the County of Invenufs.

[lStn May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Hill, communicating with the present Turnpike Road from London to Barnet* at UpPer Hollo-evay* in the rarish of Saint Mary ijlingUm, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Homfey* in the County of.Middlesex. [18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Life Assurance and Annuity Office , to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary. [18th May 1810.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of NeweaJUe upon Tyne £i8th May 1810.]

Tsars.]

Cap. xcii.

is G. 2. e. if. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 14 G. 2. c. 93, Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned,

30 G. a. c. 54. k far u tbc j*ame the Road from the Red House* near

38 G. 3. c. ioi, ^oncqfler* to the South End of Wahjicld Bridge* and from Wake-

field to PoutefraB, and from thence to We eland* and from Ponte-fraB to Wenthridge* all in the West Riding of the County of Tort. («) f 18th May 1810.]

^Additional Trujhet. Former Tolls repealed, and asm Totis granted.]

C. xciii - ^nXoili.

439

50° GEO. III.

Cap. xciii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 5G*3; C, 1°7' Two A6h, passed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of Hie present 16 G*3*8Q* Majesty, for repairing the .Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warw\ch to the Town of Northampton. (b)

[l$th May 1810.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Hockliffc, in the County of Bedford. (a) [18th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xcv.

An A & to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of » G. 1. c. 6. several Acts for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to Warm- G* ington9 and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of War* q 3' 80*

wick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. {b) [18th May 1810.]

[Double T*ll on Sunday.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two 8 G. 3. c.4; . Acts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His present asG.a.c. 10a. M'ajesty, fp far as the same relate to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mtrfey, called Enter slough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, (c) [ 18tfi fliay ia|0.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new T9IU granted*']

Cap. xcrii.

An A & for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three A €to of asO.*. c. 31. His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein tvG.a. c.96. mentioned, leading to, through apd ftpm toe Town of Monmouth, 33 G*3'c* lfi9' and for making a New Piece of Road to*communicate there-with. (£) [18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Dwkk Tolls on

Sunday, ]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Twenty eighth as G, a. «. ios* Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Staple* bar to Lirtgen, and from thence to Willey?* Oak, and from King* foam to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lmgen aforesaid to Wolford, in the County of Hertford, (a)

f 18th May tjtfi]

[Former Tolls to ccgfo, mi new Tolls granted.]

C. xcix — ciii.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO- III.

Cap. xcix.

An Act for more effe6hially repairing and improving the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham. (a) [18th May 1810.]

£ Double Tolls on Sunday."]

" 7 G. ». St at. 1. r 2f 15 Cr. a. r. 5. 24 G. 2. c. 32. and 6 G. 3. r. 71.

44 repealed as to the Road from IVendover to Buckingham.

Cap. c.

07 G. 0.*173. An Act to continue the Term, / and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Briton in the Moors to Blackburn* in the County Palatine of Lancajkr; and for making a Branch of Road from the said Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to Preston; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hardman % both in Turton in the said County, (a)

[18th May 1810.] # [Former Tolls repealed, and ne<w Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday.]

Cap. ci.

33 G. 3. C.155. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Brewton* and other Roads, in the Counties of Somer/et and Wilts* therein described. (a) [18th May 1810.]

[New Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield* in the County of Nottingham* to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley* in the County of Derby. and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at KelJBdge, in the said County of Derby, (e) [18th May 1810. j

[Additional Trttjlecs appointed."]

Cap. ciii.

aG. 3. c. 65. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 11 G. 3. c.87. Three Acts* passed in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty second

2'3' c*116* Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

Blyth Marsh* in the County of Stafford* to the Road from Ashbon to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek* to the !Road above Frogall Bridge*

and from the same Road to the said Road between Blyth Matftt and Thorp at pr near Ruebill Gate, in the County of Stafford, (c)

[i$th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tods on

Sunday.]

b G. 3. c. 90. aSG.3. c. 87.

A.D. 1810*

C. civ — Cxi.

50. GEO. hi.

44*

Cup. civ.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of9G. 3. c. so. Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of Hit present 3 0 G. 3. c* J07. Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford. (r) [18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday, ]

Cap. cv.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Estates devised to him for Life by the Will of his late Father, deceased. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vetting the legal Fee of certain Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Lord Penrhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Esquire, in William Le Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trusts subsisting or capable of taking Effect in the said Estates. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the surviving Trustee under the Will of Elizabeth Boddington, deceased. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for incorporating ihe Archbishop of Cafhel, the Bishop of Leightm and Ferns, the Bishop of OJfory, and the Dean of OJfory, and their respective Successors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of 4 The Trustees of the Alylum*in the City of Kilkenny, founded by James Switfir Esquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and uieful In Hi tut ion, according to the Provisions of a certain Trust Deed, executed by the said James Switfir. (q. P.) [18th May x810.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Preroifes near Liverpool, in the County of Lane after, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Esquire deceased, in Trustees in trust to fell the same, and to lav out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.)

[ 18th May 1810.]

Cap. cx.

An Act to confirm and establish certain Indofures of Lands, within the Parish of Rojfington, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also to elfcftuate an Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster, and the Rector of Rojfington aforesaid. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newnton Blojfomville otherwise Newton Blofomville, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 15.

C.cxii — cxx

AJDJlit.

44*

$o9 GEO. Ill*

Cap. cxii*

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of TtBtfeamb otherwtfc Toff, combe, in the County of Sofia. (q.P.) |_i8th May l iio.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ttdeniam, Woolaftoai and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.)

[18th May i3io.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 25.

Cap. cxir.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of derrick Prior, and in the Manor and I'arish of Newington, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.) [18th May x Bio.J

44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 25.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of CoeScote, Wclmsy* and Kaefaoarth, in the County of Hertford. (q.P.)

[18th May8io.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of and Gladdtfry Coba, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

44 Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor. §21. 33. Sav.

44 ings to His Majesty. §51, 52.

Cap. eavii.

An Act for inclosing the Open Fields of Newbold Vcrdaa and NewbolJ Heath, in the County of Leicester. (a. P-)

[18th May 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for certain Tithes. § 26, 27. 29*

44 32> 35- Tithes'of ancient Inclosures commuted for. §31.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Enbome, Ham ft cad Marshall, Inkpcn and Kintbury, in the County of Berks, (q. P, )

[18th May 1810J

Cap. cxix.

si G. a. e. 72. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Lots and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk, [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar. [34th May 1810.]

w 39 G* 3 < to as relating to Statute Labour in Forfar repealed.

Cop

V

UO.iSio,

C. cxxi — -cxxix,

443

50° GEO. III.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in the County of Nasser. (I) [24th May 1810.]

u 29 G. 3. r. 20. and 34 G. 3. c. 100. repealed as to certain Turnpike M Roads.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Union Cana], in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, to join the Grand Junction Canal near Long Buckby, in the County of Nor tbampton; and for making a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal. [24th May 1810*3

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth; and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for making aid maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the Rieer- Severn, from the Parish of Newnbam to the Parish of Arling-bam, in the County of Gloucester. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South West Parts of the Middle Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level.

[24th May 1810.]

C*p. cxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank within the said Parish. [24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 20. 22, &c. No Lease u of Redorial Allotments without Consent of the King as Patroo of the Redory of Leverton. $ 3a.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the ParUh of Leake, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the said Parish. [24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 20. 22, fee.

Cap. csxviii.

An Act for amending, enlarging and rendering more effednal an nG.s. e.3S. Ad: puffed in the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the e&edual draining and preferring of a certain Fen called Caw die Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge* [24th May 1810.]

Cap. qxxix.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His 41G- (*)

present

(^

C. cxxix — cxxxv.

AJS.iftio,

444

59°

GEO.

III.

present Majesty, for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The Ea/i and West Fens % in the County of Lincoln: and for dividing and inclosing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds be-longing to and in certain Parishes having Right of Common on the said Fens, and for declaring to what Parishes such Allotments shall belong. [24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 19 — 22.

Cap. cxxx.

43 G. 3. c. cxvii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Churchy in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick} and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Mirtifter or perpetual Curate thereof. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for the more equally aflefiing and collecting the Poor Ratei within the Hamlet of Mile Eud Old To<umy in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebon Hoath otherwise Stepney, in the Couotr of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Workhouse or Work* houses of the said Hamlet, and managing the Concerns thereof.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap.cxxxiu

46 G. 3. c. mix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Mid&tfn

[j60, 0001.] Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money*; and to alrer, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Ad passed in the Forty sixth Year of lus present Majesty, for making the said Waterworks; and for extending the same. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxixi.

ai G. a. c. 133. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His prefect Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Brat-kley9 to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury. (0

[24th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. — Double Tolls m

Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxiv.

3oG.3.(T.)c.46. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the repealed, as to Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike Power to divide Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone..[24th May 1810.]

" [New Tolls.]

Cap. cxxxv.

9 G. 3. c, so. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 91 G. 3. «. si. Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick and in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick. (c)[24th May 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. ]

Cof.

AJ3.X&10* 5°° GEO. III. C. cxxxvi- — cxliii 4+5

Cap. cxxxvi.

An far making and maintaining a Road from a Place called

YJirady in the Parish of Lanfabon9 in the County of Glamorgan, to f*ontymoil9 near the Town of PontypooU in the County of Mon-moortb9 with a collateral Branch to join the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca9 in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near Yfirad a fore laid, and another Bridge near Penll-wpyjB, in the County of Monmouth. (b)[24th May 1810.]

[.Double Tods on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brandlefome Moss Gate* in the Townfiiip of Elton, to the Duke of York9 % Publick House, in the Townfiiip of Blackburn, and Three feverul Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[24th May 1810.]

[Double Tods on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45G.3. c.lxxxir. the Reign of His prefen t.Majesty, intituled, An Act to vejl the settled Dilates of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwa il, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees in TrnJ} to be sold for the Payment of Debts offering the fame9 and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof for the Inve/lment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale9 in the Purchase of other Ejraies, to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dymerchion, in the County of Flint, (q. P.) [24th May 1810.]

11 Allotment and Savings to His Majesty, and Bifiiop of St. Afaph

u as Lord of the Manor of Ifterfyn. § 20. 31. 40.- 42.

Cap. cxl.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [24th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 24. Allotment in lfeu

" of Pension to Vicar. § 25.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crofs-paths, and lighting, cleansing and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Parish of Romsey Infra9 arid in the Parish of Romsey Extras in the County of Southampton.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing, draining and preserving Lands in the Parish of Thime in the County of Norfolk.

[2d June 1810.]

44<*

C. cxliii — cK

A.D. 181C*.

QG.-O c. 30. JV.

493 3.c clxxxiii.

35 G. 3. C. 53. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. lxviii.

11 G. 3. c. 46. 33 G.a.c.83. repealed.

50° GEO. XII.

Cap. cxliii.

n Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual drain-ing and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimhlington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Pan(h of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the said Act relates to the Lands in the Second Dif-llrift therein described. [id Jtme 1810.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Lit Session of Parliament, relating to, the Execution of the Cominiflioii of Sewers for the Limits from Eafi Moulfey in Surrey, to Ravenjborne in Kent. [2d June 18io ]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chyle*, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish. [2d June 1810 ]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for better and more effectually paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwise improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Passages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter. [2d June 1810.]

" 1 G. 3* c. 28. repealed. 46 G. 3. r. xxxix. save as to ceasing of

" special Obligations to repair, ) repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other Publick Passages and Places, in the Pfirish of Smti Pancras in the County of MidSefex^ which are or shall be made upon Ground belonging to Joseph Lucas Esquire.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlvih.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, pafkd for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Kiver Thames or Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the (Sounty of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of IVilts, and also certain navigable Cuts therein described. [2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for lighting, witching, paving, deanfing, regulating and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex [2d June 1810.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for (applying with Water Upper and Lower Hollows, Highbury, Carmonbury, Upper Islington, and their respective Vicinities,

A.D. 1810.

C. cl — civil*.

447

50° GEO. III.

tic*, all in the Parish of Saint Mary* Jflingtcm, in the County of Middbftx, and'for other Purposes relating thereto*

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. di.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money*for carrying into Ex-*[; : , o, oooo1.]. edition the several Acts patted for making Wet Docks, Basons, .Skriy&40U. j. Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se- c. xlyi. curity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of 44 £ J

i^Xi. [2d>n, .8.0, ]

46 C.3. c. liz. 47 C. a. Stff. 3. c. r. 49 3.'

Cap. clii.

An Act for authorising the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the Town of Naas.

[id June 1810.]

Cap. diii.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His wG.3. c. 144, present Majesty, intituled An Act. for amending* improving and iceping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath; and for granting other Powers for more effediially improving the several Roads therein described, being in and leading to mod from the said City, (a) [id June 1810.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge^ near the Town of Market Harboroughy and from the Direction Pott in Kingflhorpe, in the County of Northampton, to IVelford Bridge in the same County, (a) [id June 181c.]

18 G. 3. c. 111. repealed.

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable Sir Henry St. John Carevt St. John Mildmay Baronet, to exercise certain Powers of jointuring and charging certain settled Estates in the County of Essex with Portions for younger Children, (q. P.) [id Vanr 18x0.]

Cap. dvi.

An Act for vetting certain settled Estates late the Property of Su-fauna Hake deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Parties entitled to the said Estates. (q. P.) [id June i8tO.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Divisions of Lewknor and Po/l-comb, in the Parish of Lewknor in the Connty of Oxford. (q. P.J

[2d June 18x0.J

V Allotment and Corapenfation for Tithes. § 14, 15.

Cap. dviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kidlington in the County of Oxford.' (q. P.) [2d June 1810.]

u Allotment and Compenfoion for Tithes. \ 47. no.

3 Cap.

44*

C. clix — clxiii.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

Cap. disc.

An Act fair inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Siainton and EdTmgton^ in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.] 44 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 17, See.

Cap. dx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oiF Cheadle % in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.) [2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rotbbvry, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.) [2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoey and in the Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxiii.

An Act fot granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be calied, 44 The Gas Light and " Coke Company, " for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and efTential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and efTential Oil, may be 4 procured from Coal: And whereas the fa: d Inflammable Air, being*conveyed by means of Pipes, maybe fafelv and beneficially used, for lighting publick Streets, Squares, Market-Places and large 4 Manufastories, and for lighting private Houses; and the Coke*may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houses and Mann- fastories, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal*Liquor, and efTential Oil, may be used and applied in various ways 4 with great Advantage: And whereas the Introduction of the said*Articles into general Use would be greatly beneficial to the Publick: 4 And whereas the Production and beneficial Use of such Articles will*be more completely and speedily effested, if His Majesty fhuuld 4 constitute and declare, by his Charter, that such Persons as should 4 be named therein, and be afterwards duly admitted, for the purpose of producing such Articles for the Purposes aforesaid, should 4 be one Body Politick and Corporate, under certain Limitations to 4 be prescribed, and that such Powers and Authorities should be 4 given to such Body Politick and Corporate as cannot be granted 4 without the Aid of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, His Majesty may and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty, by grant« Chaiter to Charter, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall think fat within I'erfbtis admitted Three Years after the passing of this Act, to declare and grant, that into the G*..such

AJ).1810. jo° GEO, III. C» chili.

such and so many Persons as shall be named therein, and all and every loch other Person and Persons as from time to time shall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of " The Gas Light and Coke Company, '* to continue for and during the Period of Twenty one Years from the time of granting such Charter, and to declare that the said Corporation, so to be made and created, shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and essential Oil from Coal; such Corporation shall have Power to make Contrafts with any Commissioners or Directors, or Trustees, having the Controul, Direction or Management of the lighting of any of the Parishes, or extra-parochial Places with-_ in the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties or rrecinfts thereof respectively, or any Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and desirous of contracting with the said Corporation for the lighting of any such Parishes or Places, or any Streets, Squares, publick Market Places or Manufactories or pri-Tate Houses, or Places of .publick Exhibition within the said Parishes, or extraparochiai Places, fltuate within the said Cities or Liberties thereof* or Liberties or Precincts aforesaid; and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Aramoniacal Liquor and essential Oil, and all other Products arising from Coal, under such Conditions, Limitations and Restrictions, as shall be expressed and # contained in such Charter, and as are hereinafter expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to raise and contribute 3mong themselves a Capital or Joiut Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be subscribed in Shares of Fifty Pounds each.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Corporation shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

IV. And, to the intent that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for answering and paying all just Demands upon the said Corporation, and to fumi(h the said Corporation with Money for its necessary and lawful Occasions, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Corporation shall be obliged by force and virtue of the said Charter so to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within a Period not exceeding Three Years, to be computed from the time the said Charter of Incorporation shall be granted.

V. And be it further crafted. That in the said Charter for efta-bliftiing the said Corporation, it shall be provided, that all and every Person or Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any general Court or Courts authorized by the said Charter to be held by the said Corporation for that Purpose, for or towards the raising the said Capital Joint Stock, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Corporation, in proportion to the Monies to which he, (he, or they shall

jo Geo. III. G g have

449

I/igT'.t und Cole Company,

Stoclc not to exceed 200, 0001.

100, 0001. to

lx; fu!)fcrll>ed before Corporation

Joint Stoclc to he ndfed within Three Yean.

SulTcn1*f* to share in Sun k in proportion to SubiVriptiOKi.

C. clxiiu

$e GEO. III.

A.D. 18I&

Sul»frriV>rn liable t*» Debts of Corporation in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Siork to be tli-vi»lrd into Shares f sol. each, l'eifooal Kiiate.

Proprietor* to wte according to Number of Shares*

If T'« o or more IVrfombc joint Proprietors, the tuft named shall rote.

No Proprietor to vote if interested*

have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the same.

VI. Provided alwifys, and It is hereby enacted, That the several Members of the said Corporation shall respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further, or otherwise liable, either personally, or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrafts or Agreements, entered into by the said Corporation, or be subject or Cable by reason of his or their being Members of the said Corporation, or of any of the A6h of the said Corporation, to the Statutes refjpeA-ingBankrupts, or any of them.

VIk And be it further enacted, That the said Sum to be so sub-feribed shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling each; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the said Corporation, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, fend not of the Nature of Real Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly;

VIII. And, to the intent that all Matters and Things touching the Concerns of the said Body Corporate may be managed and conducted in the most beneficial manner. Be it further enacted. That in such Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be provided, that all and every Person or Persons, who shall have subscribed for, or become entitled to, and be in the a&aal Possession of Two and more Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have a Vote or Votes in respect of such Shares in the General and Special Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held for carrying on the said Undertaking, or for any Purposes relative thereto, in proportion to the Number of Shares Following; that is to say, For Two Shares, and less than Eour Shares, One Vote; for Four Shares, and less than Eight Shares, Two Votes; for Eight Shares, and less than Sixteen Shares, Three Votes 5 for Sixteen Shares, and less than Twenty four Shares, Four Votes; and for Twenty four Shares and upwards. Five Votes; provided that no Person shall be entitled to give any Vote at any such Meeting or Meetings, unless such Person shall be possessed or Two Shares at least in the said Joint Stock or Undertaking, and shall have held such Shares for Si* Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be de*.4ared, That whenever Twa or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of, or entitled to Two or more Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the said Body Corporate, and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, such Persons mail be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand First in the Books of the said Body Corporate as joint Subscriber or Proprietor of such Shares; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any of the Meetings of the said Body Corporate, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, to be appointed or chosen agreeable to the Du*dk>n of such

Charter,

C. elifci.

45*

A.D.iBte. 50° G£0. tit;

"Charter, upon any Quefladn or Questione relating to the Concerns of the (hid Body Corporate, in which such Person or Persons shall be inny ways kiterested, other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Stock and Undertaking.

X. ^And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation it shall be provided, that there shall be from time to time elected from the Members of the said Body Corporate, a Governor, a Deputy Governor, and Ten Directors of and in the said Body Corporate 5 and that no Director shall be a Dealer, either directly or iodirectly, in any one of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said Corporation.

XI. And he k further enabled, That in the said Charter for efta-tKhfog such Corporation, it shall be provided, that there shall be held in each Year Two General Meetings of the said Body Corporate, videlicet, on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty sixth Day of December, or within Fourteen Days next after such Days respectively, of which several Meetings Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the publick Newspapers published in the City of Ldn- don, and County of Middlesex, and the First General Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be holden on such of the said Days mb shall first happen next after the granting of such Charter; and that U such Meetings may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient, and that the Subscriber* and Proprietors at such General Meetings, or at any other Special Meetings to be called for that Purpose, of which Twenty one Days Notice shall be given in the Gazette, and in Two daily Morning and Two daily Evening Papers, specifying the Purpose for which such Special Meeting is calied, shall have Power to elect Persons not having less than Twenty four Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, into the Place or Places of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors, who shall have quitted such Office or Offices, in pursuance of utiy Direction to be contained in such Charter, and to cleft other Persons qualified as last a fore fa id, to fervein the Place of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, whose Office shall have ne-ipeftively become vacant by Death, Amotion, Resignation, or want of Qualification, or otherwise; and that at every such Meeting or Meetings, all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Subscribers and Proprietors present, according to their respective Number of Votes, such Votes to be taken by Bailot; and in case inch Votes shall be equal, the Governor for the tfme being, or, in case of his Abfeace, the Deputy Governor, or in case of the Absence of such Deputy Governor, then such Person as shall be in the Chair for the time being, shall have a calling Vote; and that if any Governor, Deputy Governor or Director so first to be nominated, or at any time to bectiofen, shall, during the Continuance of such his or their Office fl aforesaid, by Transfer, Forfeiture, or otherwise, reduce his or their Number of Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, below the Number of Twenty four Shares, then, and in every such Case or Cases, the Office or Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Director, shall instantly cease, determine and become vacant in the same and like manner as upon the Death or Resignation of fitch Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors respectively; and that no Member or Members of the said Body Corporate to be chosen Gover-

G g 2 nor.

Dlieflors to be appointed.

Two.CJrnml Meetine* n»be

held in each Year.

How DirrAori shall be chofeu.

45* C. clxSi. s°° GEO- A-D.f*ia.

nor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors of the said Body Corporate, shall be capable of being so chosen, or of continuing such Governor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors as aforesaid, unless the said Number of Twenty four Shares be entered and continue in the Names of such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director or Directors respectivelyi in the Books of the said Body Corporate.

DireAontocoti- XII. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for efta-

Four Year*.*blilhing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the said several

Persons therein to be nominated and appointed the first Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors a* aforesaid, who shall not resign, or be removed or become ineligible and unqualified, shall continue in their respective Offices for the Space of Four Years, and until others shall be duly elected into their Places 5 and that all succeeding Governors, Deputy Governors and Directors, shall successively be chosen out of the Members of the said Body Corporate, between the Twenty fourth Day of May, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Governor and Deputy Governor so chosen as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively continue in their several and respective Offices t Sic, of Governor, f Deputy Governor for the Space of Four Years, and

until others shall be duly eleCted into their Places; and of the Directors so to be chosen as aforesaid, Three shall continue in Office for the Period of One Year, and other Three for the Period of Two Years, and the remaining Four for the Period of Four Years, from their being so chosen as aforesaid, to be decided by Lot.

Vtoancm in the XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Va-£Ued up!*° cancy or Vacancies in the Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors respectively, by Death, Refiguation, Removal, oc becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforesaid, may and shall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings to be called for that Purpose in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so to be chofea to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his or their several and respective Office or Offices for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the next succeeding General EleCtion of Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors.

Dhv&ors audio XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any ritVd to wimiiii- Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Director so nominated, or who Her an Oath* shall^c^0fen pursuant to the Directions of any such Charter, to administer an Oath as to the Possession of any Share or Shares in the said .Joint Stock or Undertaking, or as to the Period of the Possession of any such Shares, and also as to the Accounts of any Person or Persons in the Employment or Service of the said Corporation, as a Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer or Servant of the find Corporation.

Special Meetings XV. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter, forestablish-ot the IVoprie ing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that if at any time it shall ti rsmajbtcou- appear to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the veD€t' time being* at any Meeting, or to any Thirty or more of the other

Subfcritiers or Proprietors, who shall together be Holders of Three hundred Shares at the least, to be necessary or expedient to call afpe-dal Meeting of the Subscribers or Proprietors at large, for the Purpose of taking their Opinion and Determination, upon any Matteror Thing relating to the said Body Corporate 5 that it shall be lawful for such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of their own Authority,

A.D'i$to»

C. clxilL

453

50° GEO. III.

thority, or at the RequHition in Writing, to be*signed by such Thirty or more other Subscribers or Proprietors being Holders of at ieaft Three hundred Shares, and which Requilition thali specify the Object of such Meeting 5 and in case the Governor, Deputy Govern nor and Directors for the time being, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to comply with such Requisition, then, and in such Case, it shall he lawful for the Subscribers or Proprietors, who shall have (igned the same, to call a special Meeting of the Sub-scribers and Proprietors at large, by Advertisement in the London Gatuttt, and in Four or more of the Newspapers, pnblidied in the City of London, or County of Mtddltsex, specifying the Place where and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time not being lets than Twenty one Days after such Notice, and the Place fome-where in London or Westminster; and like wife specify ing in such No* face, the Reason for and Intention of calling such special Meeting, and the Subscribers and Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet Durfuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such special Meeting, and specified in such Notice, and the 'Decision and Deter* mtnation of the Subscribers and Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such Matter or Matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at any General Meeting of the said Body Corporate as aforesaid.

XVI: And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for efta- Meetings of the blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three or more of the tlw, ? Directors, or any Five of the Directors, if the Governor or Deputy Governor shall not be present, but not less, shall be a sufficient Number to constitute a Meeting for the Purpose of executing all such Powers and Authorities, as the Whole of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directorrf for the time being, might have executed, if assembled together; and that all Questions, Matters and Things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Directors then present; and in case of an equal Divisien, the Governor for the time being, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall have the calling Vote; and that if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, the said Governor or Deputy Governor, and Three Directors, or Five Directors, shall not attend, that then, and in every such Case, the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the principal or Chief Clerk to the said Body Co rporate, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place.

XVII. And be it further eaaded. That in such Charter for efta- Power ofPiree* blilhing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, ton-Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Body Corporate named in the said Charter, or to be chosen agreeable to the Direction therein to be contained, shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Body Corporate, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well ip issuing, receiving and laying out and dilpofiag

G g 3 of

454

C. clxiii.

AJBuffta.

50* G*0. HI.

TreafurPT not to itt'ur Money witlioiit an Ordtr from Director*.

Pivi^emU to fie madcH^f-y curly,

*c.

CrtfU to he made DU SuWeril*.

of all Snips of Money to be iffifed or received^ laid oat, m difpafcJT of# for the Purpofts of the same, at ia ooootracting for and puchsf» fog MeiFuagea, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chat*, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contracts for the lighting of any such Parishes, Places, Streets* Mai'kets, Houses or Buildings aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in Celling and difo posing of all Articles produced from Coal as aforesaid, and ia placing and displacing Officers, Clerks, Agents and Servants, and making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wise concerning the same, (object to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Constitutions, as fbatt at any time be duly made by the said Body Corporate, in Refbatat* Controul or Regulations of the Powers and Authorities to ba granted by the said Charter or Indenture.

XVIII. And be it further eaacted, That in such Charter for eft* bliffiing such Corporation, it shall be prodded, that the Treafcrer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers of the said Body Corporate^ stall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Body Corporate, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three otliers at the lead of the Directors prefieot, or by Five Directors ab some Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dice&orsf and that on the Twenty fourth Day of Jume and the Twenty fixtis Day of Dettmbtr in every Year, or wkbin Fourteen Dart of the same respectively, a Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made by the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being aforesaid, out of the Inttreft, Profit or Advantages of the said Stock or Undertaking, at a Meeting or Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held at such several Times as iaft aforesaid respec* tively, unless the Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Body Corpo«* rate, shall at such Meeting or Meetings declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much id the Hundred upon all and every Sum or Sums of Mooey paid to the said Body Corporate, by such Subscribers and Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Affignt, as the fad Body Corporate shall think fit at such Meeting or Meeting* to appoint and determine 5 provided that no Dividend shall be declared, made or paid for Twelve Months after the EftabJfftimeot of such Corpora* tion: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be made, whereby the Capital of such Company shall be in any Degree reduced or ia* paired 5 and that the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directeri* who shall make any such Dividend, shall be personalty responGbte to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, (hr any Injury which may arise therefrom,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter fof establithing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that at every General Meeting of the said Body Corporate, the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, in cofriequence of any Refutation that shall have been first paled for such Purpose, at any Meeting of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, to have been on that Account* held, shall hare full Power and Authority to moke such Call or Calls for Money, front the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Adnpmfcxtpn, Soccefors and Assigns, as the said Got

vcru«r4

^k«D« i8id*

C. clxift.

*o° CEO. III.

vmor, Deputy Governor and Directors shall frftm time to time find

wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the Undertaking, so that

no such Call do exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, for or in respect

of any one Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be

made bat at the Difiance of Five Calendar Months at leaii from

each other, and that the Sum or several Sums of Money, so to be

called for, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said

Body Corporate, to be issued and applied by virtue of an Order or

Orders given to him for that Purpose; and that such Order or Or*

ders fluul be signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the

time being and Three of the Directors at least present, or by Five of

the Directors present at foine Meeting of the Governor, Deputy

Governor and Directors duly held, and that the said several Sums

of Money so called for, shall be paid at such Time and Place, as shall

be appointed by such General Meeting of the said Body Corporate;

of which Time and Place, One Calendar Month's Notice at least

shall be given in the London Gazette, ar.d in Four or more of the

said daily Newspapers, published in London or Middlesex, or in such

other manner as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors,

shall at any Meeting direct and appoint in that behalf; and that if fn Default of

any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Payment ofCaitt,

Proportion of the Money so to be called for, during the Space of to he lor-

Three Calendar Months, next after the Time appointed for Pay*

ment thereof, then in such case, such Person or Persons, fb neglect*

ing or refuling, shall absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share,

Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and '

all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them, on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Corporation; and that all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited, shall or may be sold at a publick Sale for the naoft Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Body Corporate; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, until after Twenty one Days Notice shall be given by the Treasurer or Clerk but Node* first to the said Body Corporate, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or ubcgtvw. Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; nor unleis the same shall be declared to be forfeited, at the tirfl Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Two Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared, shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Sub-feriber or Subscribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions, for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement, between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, and the said Body Corporate with regard to the future earn ing on and Management of the said Undertaking.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for efta- Executors, blishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that if any Person indemnified in $r Persons, Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of P*!* any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die hefore Payment shall have been made by him or her, of the full Svm to be

G g 4 culled

f

C. clxiii<

i

A.D. 1810.

456

50 GEO. m.

called for, or in refoe& thereof as aforesaid, without haring made

any sufficient Provinon, by Will or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respedfc thereof shall be answered; that then, and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustees or Trustee, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person, entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Subscriber or Subfcrihera, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deeeafied Proprietor.

XXI. And, in order that where the original Subscriber of Ooe or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become in-folvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Right and interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof, with the Clerk to the said Corporation, it may not be in the Power of the said Body Corporate, or any Officer acting for the said Body Corporate, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Succeflorm and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her* or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them, thfeir Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be For afccrtainlng entitled by virtue thereof, Be it further enacted. That in the said the Proprietor- Charter for establishing fucjt Corporation it shall be provided, that^in in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in one or

<wtui tsfes. more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subfcrihers, or any Proprietor or Proprietor* thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal meant than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner to be specified in such Charter, an Affidavit shall be made and lworn to by Two credible Persons, before one of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace, dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Body Corporate, to the intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book, or Lift of Subfcrihers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk; and that ia all or auy of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for the Subfcrihers and Proprietors at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasureror Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successora and Assigns, shall not have paid his, her/ or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times, at the Intervals of Ten Days between each Advenifement, in some Four Newspaperv circulated in the said County of Middlesex and City of London, to declare at any General Meeting the same Share or Shares to be for-

fcitedj

A.D. 1810»

9

C. chili;

457

50° GEO. in,

feked, and that In such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said Subscribers and Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall dire#, or otherwise be* come consolidated in the General Fund of the said Body Corporate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for efta- Shares «ayba bl idling such Corporation it shall be provided, that it shall be lawful transferred, for the Several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and A diems, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be poi-feffect, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effe# following:

T do hereby assign and transfer to Focm of Shares.

*his Executors, Administrators and Assigns {or to

4)and their Succedors, all my Share or

4 Shares {fpetifying the Number), in the Joint Stock and Undertake ing of " The Gas Light and Coke Company, " and to the net 4 Profit and Advantages thereof, and all my Right, Title and

Interest therein. Witness my Hand, this

Day of in the Year #

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Body Corporate, duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and received as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that until such Transfer shall be so registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assign9, shall have any Part or Share in the said joint Stock and Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respe# of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, as Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall not borrow, or take up by way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in Manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the said Charter it shall be provided, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the Behalf of any Panm or Parishes, or Parts of any Parish or Parishes, or extra-parochial Place or Places, within the Cities of London and Westminster aforesaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the same Cities undertake to fumiffi, and shall fumiffi such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts of any Parish or Parishes respectively, with a sufficient Supply of Inflammable Air, for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than such Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, could be supplied with, if lighted in the usual manner, during the Existence of the Contract which they |psj enter into with the said Corporation; Provided also, that nothing

Transfers, to be regillered*

Corporation net to borrow Motley

Corporation not to light ParUhes beyond Extent of their Capital.

a cixiSk

JLStiSt

In what Case ('ontra# with Parishe* void.

Powm of (applying Air, limited % o London, West-aaiufter, &c.

Not to supply any House out of the Line of lliiu Pipe*

No Macbinevy

for conveying Gaa to Private Hovfaa to be

fold.

In what Case Hit

void.

n

CEO. Itt

thing hetein contained (hill extend to cofhfCl Or teqUire the bid Ba£)r Corporate to expend any1 greater Sam or Sum of Mouey for the Purposes to be mentioned or expressed in the bid Charter, than the Members of the said Corporation shall be thereby, or by this Act b* authorised to subscribe or contribute for the Pur poles of the said Undertaking, nor to corn rad with any such Pari in or Parishes, or Place or Puces, for a less Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Body Corporate.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Con trad or Agreement entered into by any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of Panfbca* with the said Corooration, shall contain a Ciause providing than the said Contrail mall be null and void, if at any time the Price charged for Inflammable Air used in lighting the Parish shall be greater than what at the time shall be paid for lighting any Part of London, Westm 'injlcr or Southwark, with Oil in the usual manner.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by* any Ways or Means contract to supply, or shall be permitted to fop* ply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purpose afore* laid, any Parish or Parishes, or any Part or Parts of Parishes, that shall not lie or he situate within the Cities of London or lVcfhun/Urt or oue of them, or the Borough of Southwark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Prccin&s of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Corpo* rate shall not, by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply aoy Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever, with the said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, except only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buildings, which emu be supplied from such main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purposes of supplying any Parish or Parishes or Streets, or Part or Parts of any rarish or Parishes with such Inflammable Air, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Cot* porate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contra& to fell and furnish, x>r shall fell or furnish asy Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Dc* feription whatever, for the Purpose of conveying, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter, it shall be declared, that if at any time hereafter during the Continuance of the said Body Corporate, the said Body Corporate shall omit, neglect or refuse to carry into Effect and fulfil the Provisioa hereby directed to be inserted in the said Charter, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the behalf of any Panm or Parishes, or Parts of any Parish or Parishes, extip-parochial Place or Places, Past or Parts thereof, within the said Cities of London and Wejiwmnfitr, Borough of Southwark, their Suburbs, Precin&f and Liberties respectively, undertake to furnish such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts, or such extraparochial Place and Places rcfpc&irely with a fuffibest

Supply

AJ9«i 9l<»>

5&> QUO. HI,

C.con5f>

m

ygppty of hftjftwMa Air far the Purnwfes of lighting the (kid Perm* or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof, or such extra-parochial Pkee or Places respectively, Part or Parts thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price than such Parifl* tr Panlhes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, extra-parochial Place or Places, Part or Parts thereof, shall have usually been supplied with under the Stipubtiona and to the Extent in the said Charter to be CXprefied, or shall in any manner act contrary to or in violation of the Provisioa to be inserted in the said Charters that the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any W aye or Meaas contract to supply, or shall he permitted tp supply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid* my Parhh or Parishes, Part or Parts of Pari (be*, extra-parochial Place or Places, or Part or Parta of such extra-parochial Place or Places, ; that shall not lie or be (kuate within the Cities of London and Wtji* rnnfler> or one of them, or in Parts adjacent to the said Cities, or within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey^ or shall in any Manner or Respect act contrary to or in viola* tion of the Provisioa to be made in the said Charter; that the said Body Corporate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply any Dwelling Houft Or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever with the said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes iforesaid,

Cxoept only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buddings, which can be supplied from such Main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purpose of supplying any Pariflk or Pari/hes, Part or Parts of any Parish or Parishes with fuels Inflammable Air for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall in any Manner or*

Refpedk act contrary to or in violatios of the Provtfion to be con* tamed in the said Charter; that the said Body Corporate shall not; by any Ways or Meant, or under any Pretence or Pretences con-to (ell or furntfh, or (h&H fell and furnish any Store or Pipe*

0* Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever for the Purpose, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Pttr-ptffe of lighting the same, it (ha& in any or either of the said Case*

e kwfiftl for His Majesty his Heirs or Saccessors, by any Letters Pateat under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke and make void the said Corporation, and all the Powers, Privileges, Benefits wd Advantages to be granted to fetch Corporation as aforesaid, and thereupon the same (half determine and become void accordingly.

XXX. And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas cannot be Power in certain ifod for fighting the publick Streets, Ways or Passages as aforesaid, Case* to, b.rwk unites the said Air or Gas be coaveved by means of Pipes to be «F SoU wul properly laid for that Purpose; Be it further enacted, That if at any Stn^s^Stc. for time after the passing of this A A, any Corhnti&onerti or Trustees, laying or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in whom, by any A* or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Controui of lighting the publick Streets, Highways,

Lanes, Pafiaget, or any Part thereof, in the Cities of London and W$*iafiert or within the Town mid B9rough of Southwark^ in the County of Surrey, flto&ld think it fit and convenient to con* ffa& with the said Body Corporate* or with any other Person or:

Persons

AJJ.ltM.

4<5o

C. cixiti.

jo GEO. m.

Penalty.

Workmen in laying or repairing Pipes to make good the lavement.

If Contract bt rot duly performed they may be voided on firing Notice,

Persons whomsoever, to light the pubfick Strtet*, Highways Li or Passages, or any Part of them, in the Cities, or iWn, «r Borough aforesaid, by Means of such Gas as aforesaid; that dae* and in all such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Body Corporate and their Successors, and for such other Person or Fedocks as aforesaid, and they are hereby fully authorized and eropowetad, with the Approbation and under the Direction of such Cotmnsf-fioners or Trustees, by their Servants, Workmen and others, to beak up the Soil and Pavements of any such Streets, Ways, Lanes and Passages, and dig and fink Trenches and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks or Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, and in such manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid, and from time to time to alter the Position of, and CO repair, relay and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks and Plugs, md do all such other Acts, Matters and Things, as the said Body Cor* porate and their Successdrs, or such other Person or Persons as atfbre* said, shall, from time to time, think necessary and convenient for com* pletiner, amending, repairing, improving and using the same.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Pipes, shall fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby as soon as conveniently mav be, and in the mean time guard the Place where any Ground shall be opened, in such manner as to prevent Accidents to Pa&n*

Sers, Cattle and Carriages and as the said Commissioners or Trustees tail direct: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants, or any such other Person or Persons as afore* said, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbiffi, or making good any such Pavements or Roach, then, and in every such Case* the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons so offending respectively, shall, on being thereof lawfully convisted, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Bi. vision or District where the said Offence shall be committed, for* foil and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which laid Pe* nalty, if not forthwith paid, shall be recovered by Distrest ani Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Preprit* tors, or such other Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalty or Forfeiture, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are dedusted, shall be paid upon Demand to the Person or Persons giving Information thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, That if the said Body Corporate Ball contract with any such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parish or Place, or Part of any Parish or Place, and shall not duly perform such Contract, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees to determine such Con-tract, giving Six Months Notice thereof; and then, and in such Ctfe, and also at the Expiration of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for (he laid ComnulBoners or Trustees cither to purchase the Pipes

Cocks,

AJ}«lE f»

56* GEO; III..C\ clxIIL 4C1

Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes, and other Materials -belonging to

fcfee laid Body Corporate, and employed in lighting such Parish or

9&ce, or Part of a Parish or Place, at a reasonable Price to be

ffbttled by Two Persons, one to be named by the said Commissionera

«r Tniftees, and the other by the said Body Corporate 5 and in

ttfe such Persons shall differ, by a Third Person to be named by - "

6cH Two Persons as an Umpire between them, One Month at the

fcaft previous to the Expiration of the Term of such Contract, or

Co the Expiration of such Six Months Notice for determining such

Contra A, or to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other

Materials, at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination

thereof by such Notice, and in the mean time to permit such

Commissioners or Tniftees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches,

«ad other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parish or Place, or Part of a Pdrish or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contract.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That No Pipes of Con^ do Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any iron, leaden or other munieation to Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Body Corporate, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, without the

Con Cent of the said Body Corporate, or the Person or Persons fup-pljring Lights by such Pipes, first had and obtained, on pain of for- Peoahj. letting the Sum of Fifty rounds, and also the further Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for evetr Day such Pipe shall so remain, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place,

Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall Dot be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Imprifenmeat. Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or District, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Dsmqpng wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure b. any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, or other Matter or Thing, actually in use during the Existence of any Contract with any Parish

or Parishes, for the Purpose of fulfilling such Contract, every Person £0 offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or wore Justice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit Penalty, and pay to the aforesaid Body Corporate and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid. Double the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath, to be done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

such

6

Appeal.

Proviso for Rights ol Parlor.* to light

Rublick Ad.

C. dxJK*

^6 CEO. IB*

duch Offender, retufruing the Overplus (if day) or fudi OteritfAaH and may be committed to the common Gaol of the said County, -City, Town, Place, Division or District, for any time not exceeding Three Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before -whom such Offender shall be committed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Perfoas thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to airy Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may within tiix Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment mr Detcrrai-nation shall have been made or given, (firft giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or iWons aramft whom fudi Complaint is intended to be made) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessionb to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal ffiail arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter-Seiions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing ttiereof to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to bd made to the Party injured as they Audi judge readable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wehminster or elsewherej any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ns* thing in this Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving say Penan or Perfoas of any Right which he or they at present poflefi, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houses with Gas Lights, or in m other manner: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained fall extend, or he construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Cota-missioners or Tru flees for lighting or paving, or of the Comnuffiooen of Sewers, or the New River Company, or any other Company efts-'blWhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parifoes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Petfon or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within such Parities or Places: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or he construed to prevent any Person or Perfoas from proceeding against the said Company, or agaiat any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in refoed of any Wofhi of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furniftiing such Light as aforesaid, as a publick or print* Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the hud Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury falsified by reafoo of any such Works or Method of lighting, whether such injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or want of Skill of the Persons employed therm.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act* and foal] be

judicially

A.D.i ft* o* ji° GEO. IlL* C. clxili, cliift

judicially taken Notice ef as such by all Jedges 'and JufUccs and odiert) without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ctxiv.

An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curfitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service or from Age or Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court; and M making other Payments in respect of the said Offices.

[9th June 1S10.]

WHEREAS the due Execution of the Office of Examiner of 4 W the High Court of Chancery, by Persons qualified and competent to discharge the important Duties of the said Office, is of the utmoffi Consequence to the Administration of Justice, and the 4 Interest of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas the said Office hath heretofore been and is now held for Life; and Doubts

are entertained whether there is any where competent Authority 4 to remove the Person or Persons'who now or hereafter may hold

the said Office, if at any time by reason of Sickness, Infirmity, or

other Cause, he or they should be unable or incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas Henry Flit croft 4 Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office, is now and

hath for a considerable time been a Lunatic Ward of the said Court

of Chancery, and wholly incompetent to the Discharge of the

Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Persons who have 4 discharged the Duties of the said Office, have frequently been engaged in other Employments and Pursuits, whereby Delays, Hindrancee and Impediments, and other Inconveniences have been oc-

cafioned to the Suitors of the said Court, in the Prosecution of their

Suits therein: And whereas it would be expedient that in future

the Business of the said Office should be executed by the Persons 4 holding the same in their own Persons, and that they should be 4 expressly prohibited from acting as Counsel, Solicitors, Attornies,

Clerks in Court or Draftsmen, or as Agents or Clerks to any 4 Person acting in any of those Capacities, or in any other Respect 1 or Capacity in any way conne&cd with the said Court of Chancery, or any Suit or Matter depending therein, or before the Lord 4 High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the 4 Great Seal, or the said Court of Chancery; and that the Bullnefs 4 of the said Office should, as near as may be, be equally divided 4 and go in rotation amongst the Persons holding the said Office; 4 and that Witnesses on different Sides of the lame Cause should be

examined by different Examiners; and it is reasonable that Com-

penfation should be made to such of the present Examiners and Deputy Examiners as chuse to decline to continue their Service in the 4 laid Office, upon the Conditions and under the Reilrictions hereby 4 intended to be imposed upon them: And whereas the Fees and 4 Emoluments of the said Office are (regard being had to the great 4 Increase in the Necessaries of Life and the Expence of Living) 4 not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble and Importance of their

4 Offices

Jfi4 C. chart fo° GEO. EL A.D. 1810.

Offices and to their Servites $ and it would be for the Benefit of the

Suitors of the said Court, that adequate Provision should be made

for the Persons who shall be appointed to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Business of the Examiner's 4 Office of the said Court of Chancery, and also of the Clerk of

the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag, is carried on in one

and the same Building, in the Rolls Yard in the Liberty of the

Rolls, in the County of Middlesex, and the same is out of Repair, ' and insufficient for the necessary Accommodation of Witnesses whilst 4 under Examination in the said Court, and for the Purposes of the said Office of Examiner and the other Offices there carried on:

And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said

Court, that proper Provision should from time to time be made for

such of the Examiners of the said Court and their Clerks as from 4 Age or Infirmity are or shall, in the Judgment of the said Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their respective Offices; 4 and also that Provision should be made for putting the said Offices

into proper and substantial Repair, or for rebuilding the same if

necessary, and for other Payments and Expences incident to the

said Office; and that such other Regulations should be made re*

fpecting the said Office, as are hereinafter mentioned and contained:

And whereas the Freehold of the said Premises or Part thereof is

now veiled in the principal Examiners of t'ie said Court, and in the.4 Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their respective Lives, and during

their Continuance in Office, for the Purposes of the said Office 5 4 and it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court

that the Freehold of the said Premises should in future be vetted in

the Matter of the Rolls and his Successors, for the Purposes of the

said Offices of the said Court of Chancery, and that proper Com-

pen fat ion should be made to the said Principal Examiners and to the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their several Interests in the said Premises respectively 2 And whereas there appertains to

the said Court of Chancery certain other Officers, called the Ulher

and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery, who, among

other Duties of their said Offices, have been required to furnifi

the said Court with Stationary and other Articles requisite and

necessary for the Use of the said Court, and have been and are

allowed to charge for the same a tier Centage thereon, over and

above the Colt of the Articles so furnished, as Part of their Re-

muneration for undertaking and discharging their said Offices; and

the same is an improper Mode of remunerating the said Officers,

and is open to great and continual Abuse, and ought to be discon-

tinned for the future, and that the said Officers should be remu-

lierated in same other more fit and proper Manner: And whereas

there also appertains to the said Court of Chancery certain other 4 Officers called the Curfitors, who traufad the Bufiucfs of their said

Office, and keep the Records of their said Office, in the First Floor 4 of a certain Building, situate in Chancery Lane> many Years held, and now holdcu by the said Officers as Tenants at Will thereof, under a private Individual: And whereas the said Records are of 4 considerable Importance, and by being kept in an Office so circum(laneed, are exposed to greater Ri(k than accords with the Importance of the said Records; and it is expedient that the same should 4 be deposited and kept in some more fate and secure Place, and that

4 a per-

AJJ.iSto.

C. clxir.

50° GEO. III.

4<Sj

m permanent Repository be provided for the same, and a proper Place be provided for transading the Business of the said Offices And whereas the Proceedings of the said Court of Chancery have of late been frequently interrupted by various Persons improperly intruding themselves into the said Court, and there are not any, or however an inefficient Number of Persons in Attendance on the said Court, to prevent such Intrusion and Interruption, and it ia expedient that the same should be prevented in future: And whereat by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reigu of His pi % sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High tsG. a. c.43. Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors9 Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interef towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Pub-licit Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Tattle Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Maielty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Smtors of the High Court of Chancery; and out of the Dividends and interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salarie»y and the several other Payments thereby directed to be made and to be paid, and also the Several other Payments directed to be made in and by the Two several Acts of the Forty iizth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them intituled.

An Act for making Provipon for such Mcflers in Ordinary of the 46G. 3. c. its* High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be dsfirous of rejigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court, and the other of such Ada intituled, An Act ti provide 46 G. a. c. Wlv additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the fata Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respeS of the said Office; and by the Act of the Forty ninth Year of t£e Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for mak- 49 G. I. c. Ida. ing Provision for such of the Sub Regifirars or Deputy Regifirars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Irfirmity shall be affliSed with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provtfion for the Two Seniors of the said Regifirars, for the Clerks in toe Regfier*s Office, for the Majter of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respeS of the said Offices; have jo G'O. Ill, Hk 4 been

A certain Part of Cash belonging to Suitors placed ut at luterest*

Freehold of

£xatainer*$ Office veiled in the Mailer of the Rolls for the tine being.

4 been from time to trine made and paid, and the Surplus Lntmft

and annual Produce arising from the said Securities* bevoad what

was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said federal Acts, tadaifo the Interest produced from the Securities pure ha fed with fich 4 Surplus Interest; and annual Produce, bare been from time to time,

in puifuance of the said firil mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of ' the Accountant General of the said Couit, and placed to the Credit

of an Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with S*r* 4 plus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Modus 4 placed out for tbs Benefit and better Security of tbs Suitors of the Hifk 4 Court of Chancery: And whereas from many Years Experience it 4 hath been found that there always hath been and there now is s 4 very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said

Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank

beyond the Demands of the Suitors, and it will be of Benefit to

the Suitors of the said Court that a further Sum of Money, Part 4 of the Money lying dead and unemployed as aforesaid, should be 4 placed out at Interest on Government or Parliamentary Securities,

and the Interest thereof, or so much thereof as shall be necestart,

applied for the Purposes hereinafter mentionedTherefore be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Cafh-belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery which now lies or which shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank, of England % a Sum oot exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Porpefc, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in Pareels, in the Ntne of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by fiuch Orders shall be directed, to the intent that the Interest and annual Produce arising* from the Money fb to be placed out may be applied for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when purchased shall be carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Freehold of the Prmifet in the Rolls Yard, Chancery Lanex in the Liberty of the Rolls aforr-said, where the Business of the said Office of Examiners* and aUo of the Offices of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag is now carried on, with its Rights, Members, and Appurte^ nances, and all other Premises, if any, which shall hereafter be par* chafed for the Purposes of the said Offices, together with all Biddings now or hereafter to be erected thereon, shall, from and after the patting of this Act, or the Purchase of such Premises, if any, be and the same are hereby veiled in the Mailer of the Rolls, to bold to him and his Successors for the time being for the Use and for the Purposes of the said Offices, and subjefl to such Rules and Reguh-tions, respecting the Use and Occupation thereof and of the Room and Chambers thereunto belonging Or therewith occupied, as the

A.D.iSiOt J6* GEO. Ilf. clxiv. 4

Court of Chancery shall from time to time order and direct, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be h further enacted, That out of the Interest and Di* Expcnrw of, vidends arising from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act rcjmjlcin^g, &c# passed in the Thirty fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, j"'

and the several Acts therein mentioned, and to be purchased in pur- ^*strance of this A A and carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suit ore of the High Court of Chancery, and also out of the filtered and Divi* dends of Securities purchased and to be purchased with Surplus ln» terect, in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, or in purfu* ance of this Act, and carried to the said Account, intitidea, Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Secu rities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and belter Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, there shall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chan* eery, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by the said several Acts passed in the Thirty second, Forty sixth and Forty uinth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Acts therein mentioned, or any of them, directed or authorized to be paid out of the said Interest and Dividenck) such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not ex* cceding the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the said Court in providing proper Places for trans-acting the Business of the aforesaid Offices, while the Premises now used for such Purposes shall by reason of the rebuilding, repairing of enlarging thereof be unfit for the Business of the said Offices to be transacted therein, and in erecting, building and completing proper and convenient Offices whereiu the Business of the*said Examiners*

Curfitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag Offices, may respectively be permanently transacted, and the Records of their fereral Offices securely preserved; and in purchasing such Ground and Buildings thereon as shall be necessary or convenient for thofo Purposes, and in fitting up the said Offices with proper Repofitoriea for the Records, Papers, Presses, Defies, and other Necessaries for the said several Offices 5 and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either Yearly or in Gross, a9 shall be necessary for keeping the famo Offices and Repositories in Repair, and for insuring and keeping alt the said Offices and Repositories^ insured from Lofa or Dam ago by Fire, at such Insurance Office or Offices, and in such manner and, in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the (kid Court shall from time to time order and direct'.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Ground and Houles Ground* pir-which (if any) shall be purchased for the Purposes afo^said, shall clufwl lor L fcof be conveyed to and veiled in the Mailer of the Rolls to hold to him °(*-*ulx*

and his Successors (Mailers of the Rplls) for ever, in Trull for the

Purposes in this Act mentioned, and that the same, together with all Roiu. Buildings now or hereafter to be erected and built thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in the said Mailer of the Rolls, and his SuccdTors iff the said Office for the time being for ever, in trull

II ha to

468

Buildings pnr-chaltd or ereAtd not to be converted into Refidenees, Stc.

Pewer to remove Officers.

fovtr to remove Mr. Flitcroft.

Power to appoint additional Norn ber of Examiners*

Other Examiners provided in case the i>re4Vnt Officer* rc % u.

C. clxfa* GEO. III.

to and for the Purposes in.this Act mentioned} and for no other Ufa or Puroofe whatsoever.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Buildings by this Act authorized to be purchased, erected or built, or any Chamber or Room, Chambers or Rooms therein, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be used, occupied as, or converted to the Refidenoe of any Individual or Individuals, Person or Persons, on any Pretence or Pretext whatsoever, but the same and all and every Chamber and Chambers, Room and Rooms therein, and every Part and Parts thereof, shall be used for the publick Purpose and Purposes by this Act directed in respect of the lame, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to remove any Person or Persons holding or who hrt-easter shall hold the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery, or of Clerk of such Examiner, from his or their said Office, when by reason of permanent Sickness, Infirmity or other Cause, he or they shall be unable or incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Henry Flitcroft Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office of Examiner, be, and he is hereby removed from nis said Office, he the said Henry Flitcroft being a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, and wholly in* competent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any time hereafter appear to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and to the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, that the Business to be done in the Office of the Examiners of the High Court of Chancery shall at any time hereafter increase so that the same cannot be transacted and done by the Two Examiners of the said Court, with that Facility which the Convenience of the Suitors of the said Court may require, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to make an Order or Oraers that other and not exceeding Two more Examiners and Two more Clerks of such Examiners shall be provided, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being shall ana he is hereby authorized and required, upon such Order or Orders being made, to appoint some fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be such Examiner or Examiners, and some other fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be such Clerk or Clerks, who shall, upon their several Appointments, be respectively entitled to take and have such Fees and Salary as to the Examiner and Clerk of an Examiner of the said Court of Chancery does or shall of right appertain or be-long, or be authorized to be directed to be paid by this ffmfcnt Ad.

DC. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies which 4r*H hereafter occur in the Office of Examiner, shall hereafter be filled up and appointed to in' such and the same manner as the same have heretofore been; and that every future Examiner and Examiners shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he or tbtf ad in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe

A.D.iSro. 50° GEO. III. C. clxiv. 469

in open Court the ufnal Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also an Oath to the Purport and Effect following 5 that is to say,

T A. B. do swear. That I will, according to the best of my Oath.

Skill and Knowledge, truly and faithfully exercfe and occupy

the Office of one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court

of Chancery, whereunto I am now admitted, and truly, faithfully,

1 and without Partiality to any or either of the Parties in the re-

spective Causes take the Examinations and Depoiltions of all and

every Witness and Witnesses produced before and examined by < me upon the Interrogatories filed with me, and that I will be at-

tending as well to further the King's Business as the same Causes

from time to time as Occasion shall require; and that I will not

publish, disclose or make known to any Person or Persons whatfo-

ever (except to the sworn Clerk appointed to copy the lame)

4 the Particulars, Purport or Contents of all or any of the Depo* »

fitions of the Witnesses or any of them to be taken by me, until

4 Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass.

4 So help me GOD.*

And every future Clerk and Clerks to be appointed by virtue of this Oath of G>pytog A&9 shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he Ckfh* or they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe before the Examiner by whom they shall respectively be appointed, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, the usual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also the following Oath :

I C. D. do swear. That according to the best of my Skill and

Knowledge I will truly and faithfully execute and rxercife the

Office of a Crfpymg Clerk in the Office of A. B. one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery whereunto I am 4 admitted so long as I shall continue in the said Office, and that I 4 will be ready and attendant in the said Office to further His

Majesty's Business as need shall require; and that 1 will also well

and faithfully preserve and keep such of the King's Records

wherewith I shall be entrusted or whereunto I (bail have Access,

and that I will not publish, disclose or make known to any

Person or Persons whatsoever the Particulars, Purport or Contents 4 of any Deposition or Depositions taken in the said Office until

Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass.

So help me GOD.'

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Examiners and Clerks Officer* to attend shall in their own proper Persons attend in the Office to be provided iheirDuty ia for them during all such time, and during such Hours in each and Person. every Day, as the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of .

Great Britain, and the Master of the Rolls for the time being, shall dirr& and appoint, and ia their own proper Persons diligently, faithfully and attentively employ themselves iu dispatching and transacting the Business of their respective Offices; and that the said Examinera or any of them shall not examine any Person or Persons at or in any other Place or Places other than at and within the Office to be provided as hereinafter mentioned, without the special Order of the said Court of Chancery for that Purpose tirft had and obtained, except during the Vacations, when they shall not be required by the Lord

H h 3 High

41

C.clxiv.

5o?

GEO. III.

A.D.iSi*

Buflftcfs of Examiners equally dit ulod.

Fees and Emoluments afeer-uiued.

Penalty.

F«Aver to appoint trnqjorary Exa-Dunen.

High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, to be daily attending ia their said Office; and that such Examiners or Clerks, or any of them, shall not at any time during their Continuance in the said Office aft as Coitnfei, Solicitors, Attornies, or as Clerks in Court or Draftf-men either at Law or in Equity, or as Agents or Clerks to any Person or Persons acting in any or either of those Capacities, or in any other respect or Capacity in any ways connected with the said Court of Chancery, in any Suit or Matter depending therein, or before the said Court save and except under Commissions from the said Court, during the time the said Court of Chancery shall not be actually Jilting; ); but shall devote themselves respectively wholly and entirely to the Business of their respective Offices, without accepting or taking any other Business or Employment whatsoever, which shall or may in any manner interfere therewith; and that the said Examiners and their Successors in the said Office shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July next, be entitled to the Fees for the Business done by them in their said Office respectively, and each of the said sworn Clerks and their Successora shall have and be entitled to receive such Fees as shall be ascertained and settled by the said Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Directions for that Purpefe hereinafter contained.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July next, the Business of the said Office shall be equally divided, as nearly as may be, between and among the said Examiners, and that the Witnesses on different Sides of tnc same Cause shall (if the same be practicable) be examined by different Examiners, in such manner and under and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Court shall think fit to order respecting the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and they are hereby required from time to time as they shall fee Occasion to examine into, ascertain and settle the Periods and Hours of Attendance of the said Examiners and their Clerks at and in the Offices herein provided for them; and also the Duties of the said Examiners and Clerks, and also the Distribution of the Business of the said Offices, and also the Fees and Emoluments which the said Examiners and their Clerks shall have and be entitled to receive from the Suitors of the said Court for the Buiinefs done by them respectively in or about the Execution of their said Offices, and to ordain a Table of such Fees, which shall be made an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, and Copies thereof shall be affixed and set up in the Examiner's Office, Six Clerks' Office and Register's Office of the said Court, and if any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner shall have, take or receive any Fees, Gratuities or Emoluments whatsoever from the Suitors of the said Court, not warranted or allowed by the said Order, such Examiner or Clerk so offending, shall be liable to be removed from his said Office by the Court, and be iucapable of ever thereafter holding aDy Office in or under the said Court.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Examiners or sworn Clerks for the time being, shall be amifted with any temporary Illness or Infirmity which shall be likely for a short time to prevent them from discharging the Duty of their

Offices

A.D. i8ia.

47*

50° GEO. III. C. dxk

Offices vefpe^tfvely, and the same shall be made to appear to the SaUftfo&ion of the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and that the Bulinefc of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery shall be delayed dr prejudiced by the Absence of any such Examiners or Clerks during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity; it ?hall and may be lawful for the said Examiners or Clerks nespectively, with the Approbation of the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, to appoint Some fit and proper Person to officiate for such Examiner or clerk for any Space of time during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity not exceeding Three Months, and such Person first taking the Oath appointed to be taken by an Examiner or Clerk, the Oath herein above prescribed to be taken, according as they ffiaU be deputed to ail as bq Examiner or Ckrrk respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to appoint for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain* Lord Keeper or Persons to keep Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great ^er , n Britain, to appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Four, to lirt* attend upon the said Court of Chancery wheresoever and at all times whensoever the fifed Court shall be fitting, and that the said Persons so

U> be appointed shall be removeable at the Will and Fleafure of the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, and (hull, whitft they continue to be so appointed, diligently attend from the opening of the said Court during the whole time of the Sitting of the said Court, for the

Purpose of pnefcrving Order among the Persons present in the said Court, and to preventinfane and other difcrderly Persons from intruding themselves into the said Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Payment of Dividends of the fold Government or Parliamentary Securities pur- Salaries, he. chafed and to be ptirchafed asafonefiud, tlvere shall be paid (but sub-

je& as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of QiUier in every Year, such yearly Sums as after mentioned to the foveral Perfoas after mentioned; that is to say, to the Committee of the Estate of Henry Flitcroft Esquire, a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, one of the Principal Examiners of the said Court, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, for and during the Term of his natural Life, as a Compensation for depriving him of his said Office of Principal Examiner; to Jame* Dancer Gentleman, who has been Thirty five Years and upwards one of the Deputy Examiners of the said Court, by reason of the Length of his Services and on account of his great Age and Infirmities, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds for his Life 5 and to John Smith, John Nurjey Dancer and John Alexander Berrey*

Gentlemen, the Three other Deputy Examiners, respectively, or to such of them as shall decline to continue in the said Office upon the Terms herein prescribed, or as shall r.ot be continued to be employed in the said Office, as a Compensation for depriving them of their said'

Office, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds each, for their respettive Lives 3 and % o each of the Examiners of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to each of the Persons to be appointed to keep Order among the Per-foiu attending the said Court, and to preveut the It&rufien of dif-H h 4 .* orderly

47*

C: cljtir,

A.D. 181«.

Allowance to Ufhtr and Court Ke*j>cr.

Reciting

Mode of fur>-p Ivins: t he C)ourt and Offices of Chancery with parchment and Stationary.

50° GEO. III.

orde>ly Persons therein, the yearly Sura of Forty Pounds; and to the U (her of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to the Court Keeper of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Ninety Pounds; and to each of the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for and during the Term of their re(p<^tive Lives or Continuance in the said Office, the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds each, as a Compensation and in lieu of the Kent which such Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag have hitherto received for such Part of the aforesaid Premises as have been hitherto occupied by the Clerk of the Crown, and also a proportionable Part of such quarterly Payments as shall accrue due between the lad quarterly Payment thereof and the time of the Death or other Removal of such Examiner, Clerk or Officer of the Court; such Payments to the Uiher and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery to be a full Compeufation and Satisfaction to them respectively for any Profit or Advantage they, from and after the said Fitth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, may derive from Boding and supplying the said Court and Officers thereunto belonging, with Parchment, Stationary and Necessaries supplied by them respectivelyfcr the Use of the Court; the Fird quarterly Payment of the several Sums aforesaid to the several Persons aforesaid, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Intered and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, there shall also be paid (but subject as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, at such time or times as shall be mentioned and specified in such Orders respectively, to the Ufherand Court Keeper of the said Court respectively, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Court of Chancery shall nnd to have been really and Uz side paid, laid out or expended by the Uiher or Court Keeper of the said Court, or either of them, in the Purchase of Parchment, Stationary and other nCcefiary Articles found and supplied by them, or either of them, for the Use of the said Court and of the Officers thereunto belonging.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and he and they i6 and are hereby respectively authorized from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall fee Occasion, to order and direct that such Parchment, Stationaiy and other Necessaries shall be supplied by any Person or Persons other than such Usher or Court Keeper, or either of them, and to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Supply and fumishing of the same as to him or them shall from time to time seem meet; and that upon Proof being made before and to the Satisfaction of One of the Mailers of the said Court by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the said Mailer is hereby authorized and required to adminiller), and such other Evidence as the Occasion may require, that the Articles so supplied and furaished were neceiTary and proper to be furnished and supplied, and that the Sums respectively charged for the same are respectively the fair Market Price for the same, to order and direCi that out of the interest and Dividends of the said Government

3

A.D. 1810.

C. clxir,

473

jo° GEO. ni*

or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be pm-chafed as aforesaid, there shall also be paid* but subject as aforesaid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Puipose, to such Person or Persons and at such time and times as shall be respectively mentioned in such Orders, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found by the said Mailer to have been properly charged for such Supply as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Salary for Super* ful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord nnuai«l£xa-"Kecper or the'Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal awi

of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time on a Petition presented to Jiim or them for that Purpose by any of the said Examiners or their Clerks, who shall have acted in the Capacity of Examiner or Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Thirty Years, or in case any of the Examiners of the said Court or their sworn Clerks for the time being shall happen to be afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office; then, and in either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being respectively, to remove from the Office of Examiner of the said Court, or Clerk to such Examiner, any of the Examiners of the said Court or their Clerks who shall have been Thirty Years in the said Office, or who shall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the .Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, be so affiidled 5 and then, and in either of the above Cases, by an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time when Occasion shall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to any Examiner or Examiners, and not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any sworn Clerk or Clerks to any Examiner, to be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased or to be purchased as hereinbefore mentioned, to any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner who shall be removed from the Office of Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner for such Causes as aforesaid, or any of them; in which Order or Orders the Cattfe or Ground of making the same shall be distinctly dated and specitied, and the said Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of OBober in every Year, to such Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner, from the Period when he shall have so resigned or be so removed from his said Office or Employment for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of his Decease; and in the room of such Examiner or Clerk of such Examiner so removed or incapacitated, some other able and sufficient Person shall be appointed to be Examiner, or Clerk to such Examiner, in the manner prescribed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power for Is.

to capacitated

474

C. clxiv.

A.D. 181*

iVrfoM to fell IJoufcs, See.

Applioatioti Comj>cnfauon Money »rhen hnunmiing to 900l.

5©0 GEO. III.

to and for the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls and the Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inny and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for aft Executors or Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, and also for Tenants for Life of Estates in Settlement if of Age, other than Femes Cdvert, and for the Guardians for such Tenants for Life as may be Infants, and the Husbands of such Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all Infants, I flue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or under any other Disability, and also for all Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Housea, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafcments or Privileges, which may be convenient for the Soite of or for a Way to the Offices and Repositories to be built in pursuance of this Act, to treat, con trad and agree for the Sale of all and every such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafemeuts and Privileges for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant*, sell and convey the same for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contra&a, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, Settlement, Will, Custom or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof it any wise notwithstanding; and the Matter of the Rolls and the said Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inn, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Hu (ban da. Guardians, Committees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemai-fied for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ptirchafcd, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other incapacitated Person or Persone, such Money shall, if the*same amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction wd with the Approbation of the (Said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchaseor Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faM Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereof taments Handing settled therewith, to the same or like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so appl^td, then the same shall be laid out and in vetted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Meifuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trails, Intents and Purposes, and in the Buooe manner as the Hereditaments which

shall

id

A.D.iSiV

C. clxiv<

47S

50° GEO. III.

shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at^ the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking JEffed; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made* ti\t laid Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, %

upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant Gene* ral in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confo-, lidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank-Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Protits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any If under sool. Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- and exceeding meats, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- 2°h longing to any Corporation, or. to any Person or Persons under any I)iiabiTity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Tounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be (ignified in Writing tinder his or their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or etherwife the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two or more Trustees, to be nomi-aated by ihe Person or Persons making such Option, (such Nomination to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such If under sot. Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as they shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Wh>re any any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to anjr

Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with lou^}m*

the Privity of the said Accountant General, in purfuanc* of this Act, to*

for the Purchase of gny Lands, Tenement* or Hereditaments, or of who may

any

C* cljITi

A.D.l8lO.

47<S

50* GEO. -Ill#

be in PofiV (Eon shall be entitled thereto.

Court of Chan-wary may order Expence* of Porchmfo to be said by Trultee*.

Expence* of A A provided for.

Surplus Monie* placed out 00 {Securities.

any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in pofltffion of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery 5 and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, .applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were, lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament?, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act $ and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court mall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtain* ing such Order, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, in the same manrer as the Expences of building the said Offices and Repositories are hereby directed to be paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities pm-chafed and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and to be placed out pursuant to this Act, and which Securities are directed to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such Surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts and the (trend other Acts hereinbefore mentioned, and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised

in

A.D. 1810 % GEO. III. C. clxir, clxv;

in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majtrfty, and intituled, Account oj Securities purchas ad with Surplus Intcrejl arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great JBritain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

XXVlIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same and the Surplus Ioterest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at ail times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Cash belonging Co inch Suitors.

XXIX. Provided always, and be further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform oy Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Person or or Persons having Authority to reform or aboli(h the same, and that in case the same or any of them shall at any time hereafter be abolished for which any Salaries or Salary is or are Hereby provided, or for which any Apartments are hereby provided, such Salary shall cease and be nb longer payable, and the Apartments or Offices so provided shall be hereafter used in such manner and for such Purposes as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall direct or appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. clxv.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better fup-pljring the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Boqtlc) in the County Palatine of

Lmcqfler.'- [9th June 1810.]

477

S« G.S. c.42*

Securities may be changed.

If farther Money wanted, Court of Chancery may call in Securities

IVorifo for Reform In QjScea,

Publick Act.

39G. a.c.xnri.

A.D.iSto.

22Car.2.c.l6 , pr.

53 G. 3. c. 2*.

G. ). c. 43. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. ||.

43G.3.e.lxxxvii.

42 G. c. kxL

10 G. 3. c. 25.

GEO. III.

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, King Charles the Second, so* far as the same relates to the River Brandon, otherwise the Lesser Ouze, from the White Hou/e near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the said River.

[9th June 1810.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenoek % and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police 5 and for other Purpose6 mentioned in the said Acts. [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for improving the Pori of the Town of Southampton. [9th June 1810.]

[New Rates. ]

Cap. clxix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Passages in the Town of South-a nipt on [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxx.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, which are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrison Efqm're, fttuate in the Parish of Saint Paucras9 in the County of Middlesex*

[9th June i8jo»]

Ca. clxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from AJlfori to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby. (0)

[9th June 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for confining and carrying into Effect an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Cordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrofe Cumming Cordon Baronet, deceased; and (or enabling Sir William Cordon Cumming Gordon Baronet, and Charles Lennox Cumming Efauire, and their respective Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their respective Entailed Estates,

' under the Authority and by the Dir^dions of the Court of Session in Scotland. (q. P.) [9th June i8i0i]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Nfrjllk, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfe*

aid

AJXiSxo*

C. clxxiii — dxxix

479

50° GEO. III.

and Middisex, for Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of York i and for veiling several Meifoages and Lands, other Part# of the said Duke's Settled Estates in the said Comities of (f ork, Sussex and Middlesex, and in the County of Nottingham, in trust to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. (q. P.) [9th Juno 181a]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from drencher in the County of Gloucester to Wootton Baffett in the County of Wilts, 3nd a Branch of Road from the Mahnejbttry and Turnpike Road near Crudwell Church to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Crick lade to Midmesbury at or near Minety Common. (b) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Kent, late of Henry Lyell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclosing certain Lands in the County of Cambridge, and for investing the Surplus Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uf?s of the Will and Codkih of the said Henry Lyell, (q.P.) [9th June 1810. j

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Lessees, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to graut building and repairing Leafcs of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; pursuant to an Agreement entered into for those Purposes. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to graut Leafet of certain Estates at dr near Ryde in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will or the late William Player Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fcune Estates. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. dxxviii.

An Act for discharging the Estate of George Frederick Stratton Esquire, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trusts thereof, and for substituting another Estate in the same County in lieu thereof, (q. P.) [9th June 18.0.]

r

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vetting several Fee Farm Rents or Annual Sums, devised by the Will ot Robert Scott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[9th June 18 io.]

A.D. 18I*

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for vesting certain E Rates in the Counties of Staff rd, Salop* Chester and Buckingham % late of the Reverend Richard Levett* Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinster, in Trustees, upon trust to fell the same 5 and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.)

[9th June 1S10.3

Cap. dxxxi.

An Act for effeduating a Partition of certain settled Estates of David Ross Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Down in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England, (q. P.)

[9th June l8l&3

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for effeduating a Partition directed by the Court of Chan* eery of certain Estates situate in the County of Monmouth, de-vifed by the Wills of John Blewitt Esquire, and Francet Fetti-pl*ce % deceased. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees of ttemsry Smith Esquire, deceased, and Henry Woodgate Esquire, of Estatew in the County of Kent. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. dxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Longst*ne9 Little Longstone and Wardk<w % in the County of Derby. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 12, 13.

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wringtont Tattorn and Kerin, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.) [9th June 18 JO.3

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion Ifcoed, in the County of Montgomery (q. P.) [9th June 1840.3

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 26.

isC.

as to Sixpenny Found Rate, ami Watch Groat repeal'd.

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Act for more effrdually cleansing, lighting and*atebing the Borough and Town of Waymouth ana Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset, and removing Incroachments and Annoyance* therein; for licensing and regulating Chairmen and other Persona plying for Hire; for establishing Markets; and for giving further Powers to the Quay Matter of the Harbour of the said Town.

[15th Jutu 1810.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

43 G. 9. c.slvii. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His grefeut Maje^y, for prevent ng the Right of rre-

feutatiou

<A«D»iSiOi

C. clxxxviii — cxcm

50 GEO. III.

481

fentation to the ReAory and Parish of Stmonbum, in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the 45 G. 3. c.xL Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein, and of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, 47 G. 3. Seff. l. for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties c*" of Roft and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Ross. [ 15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of so much of an 4 G. 3. c. 43.

A A, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Satnt John at Hackney, in the County of.Middlesex. [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxci:

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, over and upon 36G. 3. c. i3i. certain Parcels of Land in Saint George's Fields, in the County 47 G. 3. Scff. s. of Surrey; and for repealing so much of Two Acts passed in the c*cxv*

Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, as prevents the ereAing Buildings on certain Parts of the said Parcels of Land, within a limited l>iftance from the Sides of such of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George's Fields aforesaid. [ 15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in 4oG.3.(I.)c.3$, Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of 38G.3.(I.)c.3S. His Majesty, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. [15th June 1810.]

t 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. jo. repealed. [Till $th Jan. 1821.3

Cap. cxciii;

An Act to incorporate and regulate an Tnftitution, to be called €t The Belfajl Academical Institution, " for affording to Youth a Classical and Mercantile Education. [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the 39 G.a. c. 23. Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Fortieth Year of 39 & 40 G.a. His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen* Lands, in the Jjle of Ely, and County of Norfolk fifing between the Hundred Foot Rtver and the Ouse, and bounded onHhe South by the Hard Lands of Mcpoll, Wish am, Wentworth, Wiciford,

50 Geo. III. Ii Ely,

C. cxcur-+<8,

j*# GEO. III.

£ly % Dovmham and Littkport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, called Invested Lands. [15 th «/*»*

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for vetting a certain Plot of Land on Wandon otherwise Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Mod Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the same and certain Estates of the said Duke with a perpetual Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Wandon otherwHe Wavendon in the said County, in Manner and upon the Trusts therein mentioned, (q. P.) [15th June

Cap. cxcvi.

An Act for vetting the settled Estates at EUhssm, is the Couaty of Kent, of the Right Honourable George Augufims Henry Amt Lord Ranclffi, in Trustees upon Trull, to fell the same, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leales of the same, for the Purpose of building j and to lay out the Monies arising by fu<?h Sales in the Porchafe of other Estates to be settled to the lame Uses. (q. P.)

£i5th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for exchanging the entailed Ettate of the Right Honorable Amabel I Baroness Lucas, in the Coanty of Wilts, for other Estates of the said Baroness Lucas» the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Grantham, and the Right Honourable Thomas

Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement of the said Estates in the Counties of EJJeu and Suffolk. (q. P.)

[i$th June

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for vetting the Lease of the Governors of Bethkm Hospital in the Scite of the Hospital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was granted; and for authorizing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint Georges Fields, in lieu thereof, to Trustees for'the Governors of the said Hospital for the like Term, for the Purpose of erecting a new Hospital thereon on an enlarged Scale, (q. P.) [[15th ^unt iSiO.J

Cap. cxcir.

An hSt for empowering the surviving Trustees under the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the deviled Estates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thencearifing in the Purchase of Estates, te be settled to the fubfitting Ufeaof the same Wilk (q. ?.}

gijth June i9k&]

Cap. cc.

An* Act for enabling Georgs Byfig Efquhr^ and other*

A.l).i8id.' 50° GEO. III. C. cc — ccvii. 4*3

Budding Leases of certain Lands and -Premises, situate in the IJlc of Dogs, in the County of Middlefix. (q. P.)

[15th Juris i3l0.3

Cap. cci.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Slapton, In the County of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Horton, lying in the same Parish, and in the several Parishes of Ivinghoe, Eddlesborough and Pigbtlejlhorne, in the same County, (q. P.)

[15th June iStO.]

u Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 27 — 32.

Cap. ccii.

An Act for inclosing Whitchurch Common, and other Waste Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)

[15th June 18io.J

w Allotment and Compensation for Tithe^ Modus, &c. § 18 — 20.

Cap. cciiL

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One 46G.3.c^mfii. thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effect. [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cciv.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two isG.s.c». Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His pre-7 0*3.«. sent Majesty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames West ward of London B ridge, within the Liberties of the City of London 5 and for the further Improvement of the said Navigation.

[20th June 1810.] [Tolls of 17 G. 3. c. 18. repealed, and new Tolls granted."]

Cap. ccv.

An Act to explain an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present7 Majesty, for th* more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, so far as relates to the lighting of Rut-

land Square in the said City. [20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for establishing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wif-bechy in the Isle of Ely 5 for taking down and removing the Shambles therein; for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the said Town, and removing Nuisances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wijbech 5 and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto. [20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for maintaining and improvinjg the Docks and Warehouses, called the Commercial Dochsy and for making and maintaining

1 i 2 other

4*4

C. ccvii.

A.D. 181O1

Joint Stock Company to be called the Commercial Dock Company.

50" GEO. III.

other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in

the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS, for the dill greater Accommodation and SecuVV rity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port 4 of London, it is expedient that other good and fufhcient Wet 4 Docks and Basons, with Timber Ponds, proper Cuts, Sluices and 4 Outlets, should be made and established within the Port of London, with Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and

Discharge of Ships laden with Timber, Wood, and other Mer-

chandize, as hereinafter mentioned: And whereas the several Per-c fons herein after named, have subscribed a certain Sum as a Joint 4 Stock or Fund, and have purchasedand improved a Wet Dock, long known as Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premifei 4 adjoining, for the Purposes aforesaid; and for carrying into Execution and completing the several Works, Improvements, Altera* 4 tions and Additions hereinafter mentionedMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That John Atterfoll, John Atterfoll the Younger, Joseph Atterfoll, William Adam, William Browning, Daniel Brent, John St. Barhet Daniel hell, John Boulcott, Denis de Berdt, Joseph Crew Boulcott, Elizabeth Blacken hagen, John Brant on, Robert B re ret on, Anna Brodie, Peter Barlow, Thomas Brooks, Ann Barlow, James Beloncle, Jane Birkett, William Cook, William Cordell, Richard Carrington, John Crickett, Quintin Dick, John Dearman, Ralph Day, John Evans, John Eykin, Perrott Fenton, William Freme, Robert Forjler, Philip Ibbetfon Fenton, John Giilial, Mary Green, George Grote, Joseph Grote, Alexander Glennie, Samuel Gurney, John Gurney, Robert Gath ere ole, John Greenleaf, James Glennie, William Grove, Richard Harford, John Harford, Mary Harford, Charles Richard Harford, Duncan Hunter, Henry Harford, Elizabeth Harford, Thomas Hornca/lle, John Henry Heeker, Richard Harris, Edu ard Harman, Elizabeth Hawkins, James Egbert Hoolboom, William Johnson, George Irvin, Thomas Adolphus Knob-lock, Henry Louch, John Lyon, Lewis Lloyd, Jacob Abraham Levy, Richard Lloyd, William Moir, James Mackenzie, James Maude, E be never May, Robert Humphrey Marten, Daniel Mildred, Jo/efh Moore, Thomas Oom, George Pindar, James Pattison, William Pref-cott, Sir Charles Price, John Prince, George Ritchie, John Baker Richards, Thomas Ritchie, William Ritchie, William Tooke Robinson, Christopher RicharJfon, Samuel Sharpe, Benjamin Shaw, John Someffet Smith, William Smith, Philip Splidt, J. Stevenson, George Todd, James Thompson, Elizabeth Thomas, Christopher Waltham, John Woodcock and John Woodward, together with all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who now is or are, or shall at any time hereafter, according to the Conditions and Restrictions hereinafter set forth, be or become a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Docks, Basons or Ponds already made or hereby authorized to be made, shall be, and arc hereby united into a Company for maintaining and improving the said Docks and Work# already made, and making, completing and maintaining other Docks

end

A.D. 1810.

C. ccvii.

50° GEO. III.

485

and Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and other Works necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with Timber, and other Articles hereinafter mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be a joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The Commercial JDock Com-pony.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement and Company im-Increase of Accommodation of the Port of London, and facilitating powered to mate the Discharge of Ships and Vessels laden with Timber, Wood, and fonc, 5> l^ous> other Merchandize hereinafter mentioned, and securing such Car- c'

goes of Timber and Wood from Loss and Pillage, and removing the Interruption occasioned to the Navigation of the River Thames, and the Port of London, by reason of the want of sufficient Accommodation for Timber, out of the said River, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to extend and improve their present Docks and Works, and make such other Basons, Docks, Ponds and Entrances, and Quays and Wharfs adjoining thereto, as may be necessary and convenient for the receiving and discharging and lading of such Ships and Vessels.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Vessels Wen for all Ships and Vessels laden or to be laden with Timber or Wood |Pcclfi€d only, or with Timber or Wood being the prindpal Part of the

Cargo, although the Remainder of such Cargo mould consist of Hemp, Flax, Pitch, Tar, Tallow or Fish, or Ships laden with Fish Oil, Blubber and Whale Fins, or any other Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, usually delivered afloat by River Sufferance, to enter into all and every the said Docks and Basons, and there to discharge or load the Whole or Part only of any such Cargoes, and also for any Ships or Vessels so having discharged in the said Docks, or any of them, to load the Whole or Part only, of the Cargoes of' any such Ships or Vessels, on any Outward Voyage; any thing contained in any Act or Act of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no- Proviso. thing in this A & contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make any of the said Docks or Wharfs under this Act legal Quays, or to empower the said Company to land or load any such Goods without the Sufferance of the Commissioners of Cuttoma granted for that Purpose; provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any Ships or Vessels to enter into the said Docks or Ponds, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Coippany m*y and for the said Company to raise and contribute among themselves,surd»cr in addition to the Shares already created, or Sums already sub- shwe* no" scribed, and now belonging to the Proprietors of the said Docks and exceeding Premises, a competent Sum of Money for the providing and main- ico, ooooI. taining the Docks and Works already made; and for making and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aquedu&s, Ways, Roads, Bridges,

Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses, and all other Works intended to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums already subscribed for, the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, except as hereinafter excepted; and the same shall be divided into One thousand three hundred Shares, of One hundred Pounds each, and the said One thousand three hundred Shares shall bc# and are hereby veiled in the several Persons who have subscribed, .

Ii3 ir

Money to he r»i(>4 and airway raised to "form one Joint Capital block

PrHVnt Subic Y^rs intitled

V, i'!>'< : ; 'C for cqiu: [Number of new biiarcs.

Joint Stoolc to be Personal Estate.

Proprietor* not liable for more than Share*.

Pire&ow to auk* CaJ*.

C ccyiL 5P5 GEG. IIL A.B.iftia.

or who shall subscribe for the same, and their several and respectivt Jlxecutors, Administrators, Successors and Affigus, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons and their several and respecti?* Successors, Executors, Admiuistrators and Assigns, who are already pofTeffed of, or who shall fererally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in liet) thereof, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribth tion of an equal proportionable Part, according to thp Number of Shares already possessed, or to be possessed by him or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the Profits and Adnui-tages which shall or may arise and accrue to the said Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be received by the said Company, by the Authority of this Act, or otherwise, in respect of or for the life of Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs, or other Premises belonging tip the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised under this Act, upon One thousand three hundred Shares, and the Shares already created being One thousand three hundred, at One hundred Pounds each, and making in the whole Two thousand six hundred Shares, at One hundred Pounds each, shall make qne Joint Capital Stock of the said Company.

VI. Provided always, nevertheless. That all or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, at the time of the creating or making the One thousand three hundred Shares hereby authorized to be subscribed for, shall be possessed of any of the Sham already subscribed for, shall be entitled, if they so please, ta subscribe for any Number of the said One thousand three hundred new Shares, not exceeding the Number of old Shares of which he or they shall then be pofieflea.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sham and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Persons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmiflible as such, and diflributable u such, and not in any respect of the Nature of Real Property.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, Bodies Poli-

tick or Corporate, who is, arc, or shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, or Contributors thereto, or his, her or their Real or Personal Eftaprf shall be charged with, or liable to any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company } any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. '

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Dire£lor$ elected or to be elected, for managing the Concerns of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from time to time to call for, audit and settle, without Prejudice however to such final or further Audit as the Proprietors of the said Company may dirccfc or authorize to be made, au Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed for the EurpoJe of this Act, or the said Docks and Pregufcs, and

to

<?. cctS,

4*7

jo° GEO. III.

to mike such Call or Call# of Money from the present or any future Proprietors or Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators und Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Interests, Shares and Subscriptions already belonging to or subscribed for by, or hereafter to belong to or oe /ubfcrilfcd for by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Docks and Woijts already made, or hereafter to be made, as by them the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time be deemed necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, and so as no Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at the lead from the preceding Call, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Personi, und in such manner as the said Dtre&ors shall from time to time appoint or direct, for the Use of the said Docks and Premises, and the Owner or Owners of the Joint Stotk thereof shall pay his, her or their Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpbfe as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall negleffc or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Di-reffcors, then the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five rounas for every Share of his, her or their respective Subscription or Stock, or Part and Iaterest therein; and in every such Case the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to fuc for and recover, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (as the case may require), every or toy such Part or Share, or any rart thereof, so neglected or relafed to be paid, as dlfo the said Penalty of Five Pounds; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse to

say his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share or arts or Shares of the said Money to he called for as aforesaid, far the Space of Two Calendar Months after the?time, or any. of the fl*-fpe&tve times appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the same may be sued for and recovered by tile said Dock Company as lad hereinbefore is mentioned, or otherwise Ot the Option of the said Directors, or of any Five or more of theih;sche Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting to pay the same, shall forfeit all his, her or their respective Stock or Parts and Interests in the said Joint Stock and Premises, all which Forfeitures go to and be for the Benefit of the Rest of the Proprietor*, their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the Time Shares of the said Stock), in proportion to their r£-spective Interests.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage 1 fltall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock, or any Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing shall have been previously given or left by same Officer of the said Company, to or with the Owner or Owners of such Stock, or left at his, her or their ufuil

I i 4 "or

Penally.

Forfaitui*.

No Forfeiture without oiive.

488

C. ccvii.

AJDdSio*

In case of D«*th Executor* to pay Calls*

Power to fell Shares.

Form of Transfer or Sale.

r5o° GEO. III.

or lad known Place of Abode, nor unless the latne shall be declared

to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Company, to be^ lteld within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeitnre shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Interest as aforesaid, against all and every Action or Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other Agreement, betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the Rest of the Proprietors in respect of all Matters and Things to which he or they were or was liable as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfooa subsciibing or holding any Stock of the said Company shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made, for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so already subscribed for or hereafter to be subscribed for, while-he or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to such Stock, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, in Writing, how the Money shall be paid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls, as for the Debts of the Testator or Intestate, but not otherwise; and in case the Executors, Administrators, or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on condition that he, (he or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for, first deducing the Penalties that may have been incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of the said Jpint Stock, his, her or their respective Executors or Administrators, to fell and difpole of any Share or Shares to which he, (he or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

T B. of in

consideration of paid

to me by of

do hereby bargain, fell, afftgn sod

transfer to the said^the

Sum of Capital

Stock, of and in the Commercial Dock, being Part (or the

Whole, at the Case may be), of my Share in the said Dock, to hold to the said

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders

A.D.i8ro

C. ccviu

4*9

So9 geo. nr.

Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that 1 held 4 the Came immediately before the Execution hereof: And I, the said do hereby agree to take

4 and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of 4 subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and

4 Coofiderations. As Witness our Hands and Seals, the 4 Day of

And in every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Seliers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a TobeouonL* proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of luen Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or endorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Solicitor or Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Docks, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Docks.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such After Call «o

Money shall have been made as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall Shwr tobefidl feU or transfer any Share or Shares which he, (he or they shall pof* u" '

fcfs in the said Docks, on Pain of forfeiting hi9, her or their respec- i'enahy.

live Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, hi Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, (he or they, at the Time of such Sale and Transfer, shall have paid and discharged the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General or Special Assembly in manner before directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the said Powers of Get* Company, or the major Part of them, in General Court assembled, ral Court*.

shall and may make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye-

Laws, Confutations, Rules and Ordinances, as to them or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall ferm meet and convenient for the better governing, electing, appointing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Company, and the Directors,

Officers, Servants and Persons employed in and about the Affairs of the said Company, and to alter, change, reyoke, repeal or make void the same from time to time, and so often art they or the major Part of them so assembled, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient, provided that such Bye-Laws, Constitutions, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, nor to any thing in this Act contained; but no Order, Bye-Law, Constitution, Rule or Ordinance so made, shall be good and valid without being confirmed at a subseqaent General Meeting of the said Company, Ordinary or Extraordinary, to be held as hereinafter mentioned.

XV. And be it further dracted, That the First General Court of First Cental

the Meeting.

C. eevil.

Annual Gennil

Meeting.

Proprietors may upon Notice havq Special Netting*.

Pi^sent Direc-too.

Quorum of Di-li&ors.

h

To maintain and fiipport L)c»cka alrnutv made, and to make oilier Dock*; {wc.

50° GEO. III.

the said Company shall be held at the House of the said Company, No. 2, in London Street, Fenchureh Street, in the City of London, on the First Friday which shall ensue next after the Expiration of one Week, from and after the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the said Commercial Dock Company shall be held at lead Twice in each and every Year, on the following Days, that is to say, on the Second Friday in January, and the Second Friday in July in each and every Year.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Six or more of the said Company, who shall severally be Proprietors of Ten Shares or upwards of the said Stock, shall judge it necessary or expedient to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company calied, and shall rcquell the same to be calied, by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Secretary, or any Director of the said Company for the time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the said Directors or any Three or more of them, shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and directed and re? quired to call such Extraordinary Meeting to assemble at such Time and Place within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient, within Ten Days from and after such Notice, and such Meeting shall be deemed a Publick One, and all Proceedings then duly had and confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinaij, shall be deemed as valid and effectual, to all Intents am} Pnrpoks whatsoever, as if the same had been done at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Sir Charles Price Baronet, William Adam, John AttcrfjU, John Saint Barhe, William Brovm ing, Richard Harford, Perrot Fenton, William Freme, George Grete, Thomas Horncajlle, Thomas Oom, William Tooke Rohinfon and Thoms Ritchie, shall be and continue Directors of the said Company, until the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, unless such Pireftors or either of them shall die, be rrmoted by the Court of Proprietors, or otherwise, or dispose of his or their Shares in the said Stock, so as to reduce the lame under the Number of Ten, in any of which Caies it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint by Ballot a new, or other Director, in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, beiag removed, or having disposed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such Director would have been in Offio* and so from time to time as Occasion may require.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That -not left than Five of the said Directors shall be a Quorum, capable of acting, and hereby empowered to act at the ordinary Meetings of the find Directors, and that all Motions and Queltious which may be made and put at such Meetings, shall be decided by a Majority of the Directors prefens, and if the Numbers on each Side should happen to be equal, the Chairman of the Meeting shall in every Case give the calling Vote.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be* and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by them&lm, or their Directors, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to maintain and

improt*

CccvKt

4 >5.181*

s+ 010. iu.

improve the Docks and Works already made, and also to make, complete and maintain one or more additional Dock or Docks, Bafbn or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and Entrance or Entrances, communicating with the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Trinity Street, and also at a certain other Place called Globe Stairs, provided that such lad mentioned Entrance at Globe Stain shall not be made without the Consent of the Lord Mayor, Alder-jgaen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council af-embled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose.

XXI* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Company to make another Entrance into the River Thames, at any Point between Trinity Street and the Ead or lower Side of the Premises in the PoiTeilion of Medieurs Young and Wallis* usually known by the Name of the Lavender Dock, and for that Purpose to cut through such Part of Rotherhithe Street as shall b* necessary for the making such Entrance; and the f?id Company shall, ia such Case, make a good and sufficient Bridge, and keep the Came in repair, as directed by this Act, and make good all such Parts of the said Street, or any Parts adjoining thereto, as shall be damageefn making such Entrance; provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to take any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Ifereditaments, for the Purposes of making such Entrance, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers ^hereof in Writing first had and obtained.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, ia making these Docks and other Works, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the Line described in the said Map or Plan deported in the QQce of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, ip and the said Schedule, marked (A)hereunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons whose Lands or Pre-mifea shall be wanted for their Purpose; but it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Consent, to purchase any Lands, Tenements qr Hereditaments^ for all or any of the Purposes afgresaid, although the same shall not be within the said Line, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the Whole, to be so purchased with such Consent as aforesaid; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empowev the said Company, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, to take qr make use of, for the Purposes of this Act, any Houses, Gardens or Orchards, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof iq Writing, fird had and obtained; save and except the Houses* Buildings, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned apd described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to supply the Docks, Basons, and other Works already made, or hereafter to be made, or any of them, at all times hereafter, with Water from the River Thames, ami all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Rivers, Waters and Water-courses, as shall be found in the digging and making the said Docks or Basons, and other Works respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Itwd/me tk& Sum. of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine or 1 Acknow-

Enabling Company to maka another Entrance into the River Thames.

Hrovish

May take Water from the Thames to fill Docks, &c.

Company to pay City of Londoib a Sum of Money as a Fine for liberty of eat*

49*

ting into the Thau*, &c.

Ty mule Crimes.

Roads and Street* altered.

For making up Deficiency in Rar«i of Parish of Saint Mary fynherhiihe.

C. ccvii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting 3nd digging the Bank and Shore of the River Thames at each of the Entrances to be made by virtue of this Act, and also pay to the said Mayor and Com« monalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Coile6ton or Assigns, for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for continuing each and every such Entrance after the said Bank and Shore shall be cut and dug for the Purposet aforesaid; and such annual Sum is hereby charged upou and made payable by, and may be recovered from she said Company, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Benefit and Convenience of Commerce, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoining, the said Company shall be compellable to make, set up, and maintain, in perpetual Repair, Bridges for the Use and Convenience of the Inhabitants and others, and for Carts, Carriages and Horses, in the Places or Lines following; that is to say, in the Line across the proposed Entrance from the River Thoms into the Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, intended to be made and across the proposed Cut, from the Commercial Docks already made to the said intended Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and they shall be compellable to make, set up and maintain, in perpetual Repair, all such Bridges as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power to alter the Road leading from Plough Bridge to Trinity Street, and also the Streets or Highways following; that is to say, Trinity Street, Queen Street, Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe Street, and Lavender Street; and all other Roads and Ways, if the same shall by them be deemed necessary to all or any of the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that such Alteration shall not vary the Direction of the Road or Street, and shall be approved of by the

Trustees of the said Roads: Provided also, that no Alteration what- j ever be made in the Foot Way leading from Grove Street to RuJfel Street.

XXVII. And whereas, by reason of taking down Houses.and making Alterations in pursuance of this A6>, there may be Deficiencies 4 in the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving,

4 cleansing, watching, and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates,

4 within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe % otherwise Redriffe,

4 in the County of SurreyBe it therefore further enacted. That the said Company, from and after the passing of this Act, shall and will, for and during the Term of Three Years, or such other shorter time, within which the said several Works hereby directed to be made or done, by or on behalf of them, shall be completed, be subject and liable to make good to the Came Parish, with and out of the Monies to arise and be received by them the said Company, under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, which during such Term shall be deficient in respect of the Produce of the AfTen-ments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, and Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, within the said Parish, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from or occasioned by the making of the said Docks, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, according to the Produce of such several Aficff-11 menu

A.D.iJio.

5o° GEO. Ill,

C.ccrlK

493

mmta and Rates respectively from the Twenty ninth Day of ber Ooethousand eight hundred and eight, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall pay the same accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Taxes and Rate*: Provided always, that when and so soon as after this Act shall be carried into Execution, the Produce or Payments for and in refpcffc of the several AlTeffments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, or any of them, of and for all and singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, as for the time being shall be Handing upon or Part of the Lands, and other Hereditaments in the said Parish, which shall be purchased for making and uling the said Docks, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, shall raise a larger Sum of Money at the same RateOrr round than the Sum raifea by the AlTeffments from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, to the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, of and for all and Singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, now iifuated in the said Parish, as shall be purchased for the same last mentioned Purposes, that then the Surplus shall, in the firil Place, be applied and paid to the said Company, towards re-imbursing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid Deficiencies in the AlTeffments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Popr's Rates respectively, and so from time to time, when and as often as there shall be any Surplus, until the said Company shall be wholly re-imbursed and repaid all Monies which they shall have disbursed to make good such Deficiencies.

XXVIII. And whereas certain Parts of the Ground of several 4 of the Streets and other Passages and Places, within the said Parish 4 of Saint Mary at Rotherbitbc otherwise Redriffc % and described to 4 be within the Limits of the said intended Docks, have been purchased and paved under the Directions of a certain Act passed in the 4 Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing % lighting and watching the Streets, leanest Tardit Courts, Alleys and Passages within the Parish of Saint 4 Mary at Rotherhithc otherwise Reariffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances t herein t 4 at a very considerable Expence, which was defrayed as well by 4 Money borrowed on Life Annuities as at Interect; and if such 4 Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, were taken away and deltroyed, the Securities 4 of the said Annuitants and Bond Creditors would be much lessened and weakened; ' Be it therefore enacted, That for all such Parts of the said Parishes of Saint Mary Rotherhithef otherwise Redrtjfct and Places adjacent thereto, as have been purchased or paved under the Authority of the said Act, and within the Limits proposed for the said Docks, the said Company shall, on their requiring Possession of any such Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages or Places, for the Purposes of the said intended Docks, pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the said lait-mentioned paving Act, the Value as well of all such Ground so purchased by

the

Company to make Compcufft* tion tc> Commissionm for cpt'cutioj? the Pavinp Act of laG.a. c. si. for Loss of Ground, &c.

4W

C. mil.

$6* GEO. III.

A.O.1810.

*c.

Swing Bridge^ to be made over Cuts connecting Docks with River Thames.

the said CommifHoners for making the said Streets, as also of the Foot Pavement, Stones, Pebble* and other Materials, which Were used by the said Commissioners in and about paving such Streets, Paf* sages or Places as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it may become necessary for the said Dock

Company to take up the present Pavement in different Parts of the

said Parish of Rotherhtthe, in order, by raising the Ground, to

form inclined Planes for the Purpose of enabling Carts, Carriages

and Passenger8, to pass over the Sluices or Cuts proposed to be

made, to conned the said intended Docks with the River Thames Company to Be it therefore enacted, That in case the said Dock Company shall at repave Streets, any time or times after the passing of this Act take tip any of the takT? of ^>avement'*n Said Parish of Rotherhithe, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, thcVavments, Courts, Alleys and Pastages, where such Pavement shall have been

taken up shall be paved again in a Workmanlike Manner, at the Ex-

?; nce, Costs and Charges of the said Dock Company; and as to the avement which shall be laid by the said Dock Company on th£ said inclined Planes, or any other newly made Ground, the same shall be kept in Repair by the said Dock Company, at their own Costs and Charges, for the Space of Three Yeare from the time of the making or laying of such Pavement.

XXX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bufi- nefs of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Rotherhithe should be interrupted or delayed as little as may be ; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Dock Company shall conftrad or make one Swing Bridge over every Cut or Sluice to be made for connecting the said Docks with the River Thanes, and one Platform, Bridge or Footway over each Dockgate, at every such Cut or Sluice, and that either the said Swing Bridge, or One of the said Platform-Bridges, or Footways, shall be kept (hut for the Passage of Carts, Carriages or Passengers, (unlefs in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to keep open all the said Bridges) and that the inclined Planes leading to the said Swing-Bridges shall not be deeper than at the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Height.

XXXt. Provided always, and be it Further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftmed to extend, to alter, lessen or vary the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /in Act for l: tter paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Pojfngcs within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otkerwfe Redriffc, in the County of Surrey.

XXXII. Provided always, and he it enacted, That before any Bridge or Bridges shall be made, or any Road or Highway shall De cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company shall, and they are hereby required in lieu thereof, at their proper Costs and Charges, to set out, make and properly secure and finish, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees or Surveyors of the Road or Highway, Roads or Highways respectively to be cut ibto, broken up or altered, a good Road or Way, safe, At and convenient for all Persons, Horses and Carriages, to go, pass and repafa over the same, to and from the remaining Parts of the said Road or Highway, Roads or Highways so to be cut into, broken up or altered, proper Drains for carrying off the Water from the same.

Th» Act not to alter the I'owen of

83G.3. c. 31.

No Bridge to be made, or Road broken tip, till another Hoed made by the Company.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccvil. 49

XXXIII. Add % e it further enacted, That any and every Road Temporary r Way to be made for the Pafiage of Traveliers, during the time u^e.of building aniy and every Bridge, shall be kept and maintained by the

laid Company in good State and Condition, until any and every such completed. Bridge shall be completely finished, and until the Trustees or Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways respectively, of any Road, Street or Highway to be cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purpose of building such Bridge or Bridges*

shall certify that the said Bridge or Bridges, with the Road or Roads over the same, shall be fate, fit and convenient for the patting and repassing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Bridge to be ManneroTbuIld. brik by virtue of this Act over any of the Publick Roads, under the <ing Management of the said Trustees, shall be built of Stone or Bricks,

with good and found Materials, and that the Roadway over the same shall be of the Width of Twenty fix Feet in the Clear at the lead, and that the Roadways to the Centre of such Bridge shall be made with regular and gradual Ascents of One Foot in the Length of every Thirty Feet, or of such other regular and gradual Ascents as shall be directed or required by the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of any and every Road or Highway on or over which such Bridge or Bridges shall be made or adjoin; and the said Roadways, Paths-or Caulewsys, oa every such Bridge, shall be supported, and the Pafiage over the same freured and maintained by proper Embankments faced with Stone or Bricks, or by Pods and Rails, and each Side of the Sorface thereof, by and at the Expence of the said Company, and to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; and from and after any such Bridge shall be so creelect, the same, and all and every the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods, Rails, and other Fences thereto belonging, shall, at all times for ever thereafter, be repaired and kept in good State and Condition by and at the Cods ipd Charges of the said Company, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees,

Commissioners or Surveyors aforesaid: Provided nererthelefa, that Prorifo nothing herein contained shall be conftroed to oblige or compel the said Company to maintain and keep m Repair the Surface of the Road over any such Bridge from and after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next following the Day on which the Pafiage over tie said Bridge and Road shall be certified by the said Trustees, or aay Five of them, to be safe, fit and convenient for the passing and repairing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Com* Oo Negl*9 f»y pany, or their Succcfibrs for the time being, shall at any time neglect Company, Beta make or feerne such Way or Pafiage as aforesaid, before and dur-

ing the building of any such Bridge and Bridges, or to repair, fup- co.nmiffi^era, port and maintain such Bridge and Bridges, and the Piers, Walls, or Survcyon Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods!, Rails or Fences thereof, or any of Hotds and of them, for the Space of Foarteen Days next after Notice requiring Highways, the same, in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees before mentioned, (Kali be given or left for the said Company at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to die Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the said Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, then, and in ewn Rich Case* it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or Surveyors

respectively,

A.D. 1810.

49<5 C. ccvil. 50° GEO. III.

Conpftny empowered to arch ter and make ftevStwerg,

j

Notice to Commissioners of Sewers of Intention to arch over or make lew Scwcra.

respectively, to cause such Way* or Pastage, Bridge or Bridget, and the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Coping*, Polls, Rail?, and other Fences, to be made, secured, repaired and amended, as the Case may require, and the Charges and Expences thereof, toge. ther with a further Sum of One Penny for every Penny kid out and expended thereabouts, shall be paid by the said Company to the said Trustees or Surveyors respectively, causing the said Works to be done; and in case the said Company shall neglect to pay what shall be so paid, laid out and expended, together with the Sum on which One Penny for every Penny expended, laid out or incurred, shall amoooot unto, within Fourteen Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to the Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the kid Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling Houles, or Place or Places of Abode, which Notice shall be in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, or by the said. Surveyor or Surveyors, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for soy Five or more of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Sur-veyor or Surveyors before mentioned, as the Case may require, is their Names, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts at Wcttmwjler, against the said Company for the Recovery thereof, and therein to recover such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be so laid out, expended or incurred, together with One Penny for every Penny on the Amount thereof, and full Colls of Suit, in which Action no Effoin, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause all or any Sewers or Drains, which shall lie and be in or near the intended Docks or other Work^ which shall belong thereto, to be arched over, filled or Hopped up, widened or otherwise altered, as they shall think ueceflary for making and completing the said Docks and other Works, so at the said Company do and shall previous thereto make and conllrufl, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and construct, in lieu of the Sewers and Drains so to be filled and flopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premises adjoining or near to the said Works, and as serviceable and convenient in all respeSs as the Sewers or Drains so to be filled or {lopped up, and so as that all such widening, altering hnd constructing of Sewers and Drains by them as aforesaid, shall be done under the immediate Inspection and Direction, and to the Satisfaction of His Majesty's Just ices and Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits, extending from East Mouldfiy in the County of Surrey to Ravcnfborne in the County of Kent; and all such new Sewers and Drains shall, immediately on their being made, become veiled in, and be and remain under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Company of"Proprietors shall deem it necessary to arch over, fill, or stop up, widen or otherwise alter any Sewer or Drain in or near the kid iuteuded Docks, Notice in Writing thereof, signed by the Secretary*

A.D. 1810. 50'* GEO. III. C. cCvii..4*7

tary, Clerk or Surveyor to the said Company, shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, specifying the Work deemed necessary to be done, and on Receipt thereof the said Clerk shall and he is hereby required t6 convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Six or more of them, within Fourteen Days after such Notice, to view the Sewer or Drain so deemed necessary to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered 5 and the said Commissioners are hereby required to view the said Premises, and thereon or within Twenty Days thereafter, to make fucK Order and Direction for the arching over, filling or flopping up, widening or. altering any such Sewer or Drain, or in lieu thereof, for the making, constructing or forming any other Sewer or Drain, as to them the' iaid Commissioners shall seem meet and requisite; and after such Order and Direction shall be made, and Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the same, and of such View and Survey, and after the making of such new Sewer or Drain, in the case of filling or flopping up any present Sewer or Drain, hut not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Sewer or Drain, Sewers or Drains, mentioned arid specified in the said Notice to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered, as the Case shall require, according to the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners in that behalf made, and not otherwise.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or NoDrjor Slips, D17 Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place for the build- Grwring Docks ing, heaving down, or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any to.

time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made

or built within the Walls surrounding any of the said Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Bakins or Entrances which Hull belong thereto, nor shall any Communication at any time hereafter be made into the said Commercial Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place, for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Veflds, which hereafter may be adjoining to the said Commercial Docks, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor shall the said Commercial Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on, or be otherwise concerned in the Trade or Business of building

or repairing the Hulls or Mads of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Profit: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or hinder the said Company from letting or demifing the Ship Yard and Premises belonging to them, and now in the Occupation of Daniel Brent Esquire, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or from permitting or allowing Docks, Slips and Communications to be made upon or from the Ship Yards, Land and Premises near the said Commercial Dock, and already established or used as a Dock Yard or Dock Yards, or any way connected therewith.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or Poirertojwr-any Five or more of them, by and with the Consent of the major

Part of the Proprietors of the said Docks and Premises, present at 10 any General Meeting or General Meetings assembled for the Purpose, from time to time, shall have full Power and Authority for all or any the Purposes aforesaid, to contra& and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contrail and agree with the Owner or 50 Geo. IIL X k Owners,

C.ccvii.

5©e GEO. 1H»

A.D. 1S1&

49*

Limitation for Power for Five

Yun.

Power to oontraA with Jofcpli Moore for the)urdufe of certain La ids, £u.

Ipctpacitated JVrloi*, and Jhxlirft Cor-jH>ra»e, &c. authorized to Wl and convey.

Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Hooses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind To-ever, in or near the Parish aforesaid, within the (limits in the Plaa deposited with the Clerk of the Pe|ce for the County of Surrey^ and specitied in the Schedule marked (A.l hereunto annexed, as they shall judge necessary, to purchase, employ, pull down, remove, alter or make use of, in and about the Works and Concerns of the said Pocks, Basons, Ponds, Entrance or Entrances, Communication or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, or for the purpose of enlarging or improving the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not, within the Space of Five Years next after the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued, as hereafter is pientioned, and purchasethe Houles, Building*, Lande, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purch&fe as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth all the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose only, shall cease, determine and be utterly void, and of none enett, any thing herein contained to the coa? trary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of the said Docks, at any General Court or Courts of the Proprietors to be held within One Calendar Month after the paling of this Act, to contra& and agree with Joseph Moore of Dorb-fag, in the County of Surrey, the Owner of certain Lands in the County of Surrey lying near to the said Docks, for the Purchase of the said Lauds, not exceeding in the whole Forty live Aere*, and which are comprised in the said Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Contract shall be valid, unless the same shall be duly entered into at One General Court of the 'said Proprietors, and confirmed at another General Court, to be holden at the Pittance of Seven Days from such Firk General Court; and unless Notice of holding such General Courts shall be given at lead Ten Days previously to such First Court, by publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four of the London Newspapers, and which Notice shall specify and set forth the Object for which such General Courts are to be held.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others having s partial or qualified Interest or Estate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Husbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Tnift for Charities or other Pun>ofe8, Committees, Executors or Adminittrators, and all other Per(onj whatever, not only on Behalf of themselves and their rrfpe&iye Heirs, Executors, Adminittrators and Successors, but also on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder, expc&ant on an Estate Tail, and on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder ex-pc&ant on an Estate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way o{ Executive Devise, in case such Person shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on Behalf of their respective Wives and Cejhu<p* Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, 'Femes Covert, or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are and shall be seised of or interetted in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments! to treat and agm

with

A.D. 1810.

C. CCTUfl

499

500 GEO, IIL

jrith the Cud Company, or with the said Directors, or any Fire m more of them at aforesaid, for the absolute Sale, and to lell and coavey to them all such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as fiull be adjudged necessary and convenient fur the Purposes aforesaid % and that all Cootracts, Agreements, Leases, Conveyances and other A Hu ranee s, which shall be bonafide made for the Purposes aforrsaid,

shall be good and effectual'in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; all which Con t rads, Agreements, Leases, Sales, or Conveyances and Afiitr-ances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Pro* prietors, which laid Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Aflurancet shall be kept by the Clerk or Solicitor to the said Company of Proprie* tors, who shall from time to time, when requeued, deliver atiefted Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein, and re* quiring the same, at the Expence of the Person or Persons so require ing the same. N

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodief CompaHum to Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons Ml, <* Sstiw seised or poffeued of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, to

Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, # or (hill not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree ' with the said Directors, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective E dates and Inter? (Is therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants,

Precept or precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County,

City, Division or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively he or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly, to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of fukftantml and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not lese than Juiy.

Forty, nor more than Seventy two, and out of such Persons so to be impannflied, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person, to be by the said Directors appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Wcflmiujlet* are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An s G. a. c. 95, AQfor tie better Regulation of Juries directed to be drawn, which Person! so to be impaqneQed, summoned, and returned as aforrsaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, at same Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, to be holden within the Borough of Southwark, or within Twelve Miles thereof, as in such Warrant Of Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of Qenqral Quarter-Sefhoos, or Adjournment, from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court, and all Per* fans concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any CUIlnip. of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered, by preceptor Precepts* from time to time, ai Occasion (hallrequire,

'*k*to

400

C. ceril.

A.D. 1810.

56 GEO. Ill/

Witntflcs ejc-*mined.

Aflouraxpent,

ic.

Notice to

to call before them aH and every Person or Persons whomsoevertho shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Wit? nefsor Witnefsea, on nis, her or their Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the f^id jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have full Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and command such Jury, Witness, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded, and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths or Affirmations of such Persons or Person as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of the Value of such fiouses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estate and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Parties or Party respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leasehold or Tenant at Will, provided that such Good-Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the same would have been worth, in case the Improvements intended by this Act had not been in Contemplation; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at lead Fourteen Days before the time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid) and the Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued, shall be binding and conelusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises in Pof-fefiion, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cefluique Trusti, their, his, and her Heirs, Sufcceflors, Executors and Ad^inffirators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdifts, Judgments, Determination* and all otheV Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given and"pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of the County, City, Division, District or Liberty, wherein the rremifes shall respectively lie or be 5 and i0 case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be aftef-fed, in confluence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenement§or He^e-

diumentSj

A.D. 1810. 50* GEO; IIL C. ccviiict

djtamenU, or at such proportionable Value at aforesaid, and as the Reoprapence and Satisfaction to be made for thf Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Directors, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall nave previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, all the reasonable Cods, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompenc^ to be assessed and awarded, as aforesaid, and of so afTefling and awarding the same* shall lje borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of, or interestea ip fuch1 Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* and so fusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the Costs, Charges and Expences* out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be aiTeifed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof; and in case the Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid shall exceed the Sum or Sums of Money offered by the said Directors, then such Costs as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Directors out of the Funds of the said Company 2 Provided always, that in all Cases PfOfUol where any Person or Persons shall, by reason ot Absence, have been prevented from treating respecting such Recompence and Satis* faction as aforesaid, the Whole of such Costs, Charges sand Expen* ces shall be borne and paid by the said Company in manner aforesaid. -jf

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices (frail have Power from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not,*

exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Sheriff or Bailiffs, ; , pr his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on fcny of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries and shall not appear, or/ appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching, any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or, attending, shall retufe to be sworn or affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall. in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premise9, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by order of the said Justices, b, y How Fines to Vi Distress ana Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners* and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk for the time being, of the County, City, Division, District or Liberty/ wherein the Premises shall lie or he, as the case shall require, shall, re-» spectively, be sufficient Authority lo the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every such other Person acting, or aiding and affiftmg therein, to make such Distress and Sale, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Banker of the said Dock Company for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any Bargain and Sale* such Estatesor Interests of any Feme Covert, to the said Directars inrolled to br as or their Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trufcfor tfiem, by eft^ual as Re-

Kkj Indenture

C. ccvii.

A.D.iSn^

S«2

GEO. Ilf.

Indr nture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Coverts, in the Presence of, and attested by Two of more credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inroHed in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as ene&ually and absolutely convey the Estate, and f iltered of fuclt Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law 5 and further, that all Bargain# and Sal^s whatsoever to be made of any such Honfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Directors or their Sticcessors, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the Hke Force, Effe£l, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persona seised of or entitled to any Edate or Interest in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers in any Manner or Form whatsoever. ErttmHputebaM XLVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon Pay-to vriUbfofcnely ment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or assessed it the Company.^pajd to tj|e p^y or parties entitled thereto, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of Ehgland, in manner by this Act directed, -# the Case may be, the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have beet* so paid, tendered or deposited, as aforesaid, shall vest in the Dirc&ors of the said Company, in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid* who shall be deemed in Law to be in the adtral Poflfession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fired and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Ioterests, Claims Sod Demands whatsoever.

AppWmr <jT XLVil. And be it further erased, ThA if any Money shall be Cmip-nfsrion.agreed or Swarded to be paid for any Houses, onildings. Lands, Monry where Tenements or Hereditament?, or for any other Matter, Right or In-exceeding 200I. tfcreftj of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this A ft, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persona under any other Dilability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same (baft amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be p4fd into the Bank of England, in the Name and with tke Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parie the Commercial Dock Company, together with the Names of such Person or Personi as Five or more of the said Directors shall, by Writing (igned by them, dmedk and appoint, to the intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be ftgnified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would wive been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements rHefcdtomenti, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the JpHcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affcding the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing settled to the same or the like Uses, Intents and Purposes; nr where such Money flail not be so applied, then the same full be bid

ost

A.D. 1810. 50 GIO. in C. ccril. 503

oat and irtTcfted under the Direfiidn and Approbation of the fud Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conreyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Ufet, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and isrf the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as afore-fidd, flood settled of limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efsect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Puipcfes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Applinrion Money fb agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, where Compen* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right*tion 0r Interect, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation,

Ur to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the lame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifea fb purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Htnds, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account afore- .

said, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Directors, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in oider that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any planner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without ebttining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further eoaffad, That where Application such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before men- wh«t Money boned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases,* the same shall be applied to the Ufa of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premiies so purchased, taken or used for tike Purposes of this Act, in such manner as tht said Directors, or any Five or more of (boot* shall think fit, or in case of Iofaucy or

Kk 4 Lunacy,

5°4

C. ccril.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

In case of not nuking umt Ticks, lie.

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to or for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persona to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifet, to the Satis-fadion of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money atteffed and awarded for any such Purchase, or in recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (dc-feribing them) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, upon the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to fuen Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion pr Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Fund?, and to order Diftibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respe£tive Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable: and the Cashier or Carriers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the same, mentioning and specifying toy what and for whose Use the, same is or are received, to such rerton or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where anyQttff- LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any tion (h*ll arise Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money touching Title*0 to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pn-Moweytobepd, Q£ Accountant General of the Court of Chaiu'ery, in pnr-rion deemed°ia- fuance of this A A, for the Purchase of any Lands, 'fienements or titled. Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right or Interect, in any* Lands, Te-

nements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in purfuancetof this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poisession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Per--*fons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken

to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, .Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the£aid Court that such Possession was a wrongful PofleilioD, and that 7 foaie

A.D.iSia. fo# GEO. Ill: C. ecru.

{one other Person or Persons wu or were lawfully entitled to such, JLand* Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interefk therein.

Jhl I. ProTided always, and be it further enacted, That where by remfon of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands. Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Ex pence* as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necedary Cods and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leilee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Podession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the said Lands and Premiffs than as Tenants at Will, or Ledee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Podeilion of such Premises to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to take Podession of the same, having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Podession from the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or from the Person or Persons authorized by them5 and such Person or Persons shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, (whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, ) or so soon after as he, (he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Podession of the said Premises to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to the Person or Persons authorised to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Podession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Podession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to idue their Precept or Precepts to the Sherid or Sherids of the County or City wherein the said Premifsl shall or may be situated, to deliver Podession of the said Premises tAfuch Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Prer cepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sherid or Sherids is and are hereby required to deliver such Podession accordingly, and to levy such Cods as shall accrue from the iduing and Execution of such rrecept or Precepts on the Person or Perfcms so refusing to give Podession as aforesaid, by Didrefa and Sale of his, her>r their Goods.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be a Tenant or Tenants at Will, or a Ledee or Ledees of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be required to give up his, her or their Right or Intered in the same, before the Expiration of the Terra he, (he or they shall have therein, then, and in such Case, the said Company shall, and they are hereby

required

s° %

CourtViay or Jar reafooable Ex-pencet of Purchaser* to be paid by Com-(any.

Tenant* at Will to deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

In case Tenants at Will or Lef-fees of House* or Lands required ta give up their Interest therein. Company tomake Compensation.

jot C. cctil# 56 GEO. I1L AJXiftto*

required t6 makfc Satisfaction and Compeofatfon far fi>A Right or Interest Co given up. And in case the find Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or LefTecs, and the said Company cannot agree as to the Amount of such Satisfaction and Competition as aforefidd, then the femt shall he inquired into, and ascertained by a Jury, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect to the disputed Value of Pic-jrtifes Wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

MortgnpewOn LV. % And be it further enacted, That all tod every Person at' Tmder of Prin- Pferfons'who shall fr*te any Mortgage or Mortgages on Uich Houles, cipd and interest Land* and Hereditaments, not beings in Possession thereof

COOV<^* Iry virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, fhml, on Tender of the principal Money and Interest doe thereon, together with the Amount 6f Six Calendar Months Interest on the find Principal by the said BirectOfs, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person Or Perfects as they ftndl appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer fath Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Directors, or any Fire or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice, in Writing, from the find Directors, or any Five or more of them, ot from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay and discharge the said principal Money and Interest which shall be doe on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed froth the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, 00 Payment Of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee at Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the find Premifet so the find Diredort, of any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall bO appointed in Trad for them5 and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refute to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that thea ill Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

Chmputy not to LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case 1*7 the Sum due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Inteirft

doe thereon, fhtil amount to more than the retd Value of the Pie-mises, to be ascertained as dheded by this Act, then the said Company shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real value of such Premises so ascertained as aforcfrtd, and On Payment or Tender thereof the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or such Persons as shall be by them appointed, (haQ be entitled to the Right and Interest of such Mortgages respec-lively.

Upon Payment LVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the of Principal arxl principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage or Mortgages Wft i»to the ag 5nt0 the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar

Phtnifra to vest Montlrt, from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the 2a Company. Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, im like manner as is hereinbefore directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee nr Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Directors or the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Poftefion of the 6 Premises

A.S.i8i0«

So* GEO. HI;

C.ccviu

S*7

P^irfMef comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to aH Intent* And Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained (Ml extend, Or be deemed or conftrved to extend to anthorife and empower the said Company to take'more than Three Quarters of an Acre of a certain Field belonging to Edward George Barnard, fitoate in the said Parish of Saint Man Rntherbkhe* and near or idjoitfing to the^ Dock-yard there, the said Three Quarter* of ad Acre to be taken at the West End of the said Field, and to be fed off in ftreh way, that the extreme Breadth of the South End thereof; menfered along the Ditch which divides the said Field from the Road, strarfl not exceed Eighty Feet, and that the Boundary froth North to South shall be m a straight Line.

LlX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothin# herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise the said Company or their Workmen w making any Entrance or Entrances from the River Thames to their said Dock or Docks, to come within the Distance of Two hundred Feet from the Houses and Land now belonging to and in the Occupation of Susannah NortheoU and WilTtam Northcote, bounded by chef said River Thames on the North, and intermixed with, amd bounded by Premises -belonging to Lord Carteret and others on the East, South and West Sided; nnleft the said Company shall have pneviously purchased the fahf Houses and Lands, and paid the Purchase Money for the same.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed td extend, to inpoe, -or in any wise affect the Right of the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to make and erect a Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Conveniences for the Use of the Trade of the Croydon Canal, on the East Side of the Grand Surrey Canal, and on the South Side of the Dock or Bason belonging to the Grand Surrey Canal Company, at Rotherhithe aforesaid, or in any other respect to abridge or afFeft the Power# contained in an Act passed in the Forty Srft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Gan a I from or near the Town of Croydbn in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish Of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for Jhpplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham and Dulwich, and the DistriS called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal: Provided nevertheless, that the Land to be made use ot for the said Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Convenient?*, so to be made and eTefted by the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal, shall not exceed One Acre and an Half, and that the extreme Depth thereof, from the Grand Surrey Canal Eastward, shall not exceed One hundred and ninety Feet, nor the Average Depth One hundred and sixty five Feet, and that the Northern Extremity of the said Bason shall not be formed at a greater Distance than One hundred Yarda from the Bason of the Grand Surrey Canal.

LX I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend to prejudice or attest any of the Rights or Privileges of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, granted to them by an Act passed in the Forty first

Year

Company not to take more than Three Quarters of an Acre of afield belonging to&G,

Ulnk

Entrances from the Thame* not to be within00 Feet of c4rt£tf frtmifau

Prorfefofr feting Right*? Proprietor* of theGvOpio* Canal*

41G. S. (U.K) c.

Prorifo for PrirU leges of Grand Surrey Canal Company, si G. a. (U.K.)

C. JUJU.

C.ccvii.

A.D. 181?

508

50° GEO. III.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place tolled Wilkinson's Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rother-hithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the said Countyf and also divert collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of 47G.a., Seff« a. Surrey and Kent; and also by another passed in the Forty seventh c.lrn. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same; and also by another Act passed in the 48 G. a* «. xc'du Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, to fapply with Water the several Towns, DifiriSs and Places therein mentionedy and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal.

pixmfo for LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

Thames Archway in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to in-Coropany. jure or prejudice the Rights or Powers of the Thames Archway Company, established by an Act of Parliament made and passed in 45 G. 9. c«cxvu. the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River .Thames, from the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the fend River, in the County of Mid* dlesex.

Powertofell LXIIL And whereas, in pursuance of the Provisions of this

land not wanted Ad, and to avoid Disputep with the Owners of Lands, Grounds and h'6 Hereditaments, wWch may be affected by the making of the said

it iaA6t* Docks and other Works, the said Company may purchase Lands, Buildings and other Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company by Indenture, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale for a Consideration in Money, such Part or Parts of the Land* or Buildings which shall be so purchased by, and conveyed to them as aforesaid, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and the Conveyances from the said Company shall be valid and effectual; any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the said Company to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which' Receipt shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money, for which such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lof6, Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same, or who would have been then entitled thereto, in case such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments had not been purchased by the said Company, the Price at which the same shall be

refold,

A.D. 1810.

£. ccv&

50° GEO. III.

5°9

refold, being a<3jutted and settled by a Jury, in like manner at the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is herein, before directed to be settled in case of Difference or Dispute as to the Value thereof, and if such Person or Persons shall not agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the same, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, dating that such Otter was made by or on behalf of the said Company, and that such Person or Persons did not agree, or refused to purchase such Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, as the case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Otter was made, and was not agreed to or refused.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perjury. Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where any Oath is required, shall swear falsely, or being a Quaker shall falsely affirm, shall be subject to such Penalties and Disqualittcations as Persons guilty of wilful and cor. rupt Peijury.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall Company rot to not be lawful for the said Company to demand and take, and they are hereby restrained from demanding and taking any greater Sums than

of Money for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiv- mentied in ing, warehousing and storing of Timber, Wood and other Merchan- Schaduk (B.) dize, than are mentioned and specified in the Schedule (marked B.) hereunto annexed; nor shall it be lawful for them to demand, or take for any other Advantage or Accommodation, Matter or Thing not therein specified to be afforded to, or done for or in respect of any Ships or VcfTels which shall go into or out of the said Docks, Ba-fons or Ponds, or any of them, for or in respect of any Timber,

Wood or other Merchandize, which shall be received, warehoused or stored therein or thereupon, or in or upon any of the Premises belonging to the said Commercial Dock Company, any greater Sum of Money than within Twelve Months next before the patting of this Act shall have been usually charged for the same or the like Accommodation. Advantage, Matter or Thing within such Part of the Port of London as is situate between Westminster Bridge and Green-nvich Hospital.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commercial Power to mak* Dock Company shall have full Power and Authority, by their Servants. Agents and Workmen, to build proper Premises on the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Entrance of Ships into m*lt ship#, &c.*or out of the said Docks, so that the said Premises do not project more than Ten Feet from the present Line of Wharfage, so as to do no Injury to the Navigation of the said River: and also to enter on and deepen and scour out the Beach and Bed of the River Thames, and for ever after maintaining and prefenring the said Premises, and the Depth so made from the Docks or other Works, at the Entrance or Entrances from the River to the said Docks, so at to ajdmit Vessels navigating or entering into the said Docks, Basons and Premises from the said River names, with the same, or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrances to the said Docks.

XXVII. An<}

v

C. ccvlL

A.D. 181#.

S»P

5o» GEO. III.

Fewer to wak* Sluices.

Empowered to Wing A ftirnw, and prefer la* diftoMnts.

Indi^meirt lor Property of Per* foot ufmgDocks, in Name of Con* pany.

LXVIT. Ami be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may likewise cause to be made and provided, such Sluice*, Bridges* Roads and other Works, Requtftt£t, Matters and Things, on, in and leading to, or communicating with the fetid Docks, or either of them, and other Works, as" they shall from time to tune judge necessary for the more convenient Ufc thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto; and the said Company shall, from time to time, out of the Monies to be received from the said Proprietors, or by virtue of this Act, and at all times and hereafter well and sufficiently repair, amend, support and cleaafe the said Docks, and the Quays or Wharfs, Cuts, and all other the Works, Roads, Matters and Things, by them already made, or to be made, built and provided, by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the MelTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, already belonging to the said Company, or to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Buildings Erections and other Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Basons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Buddings and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things which shall be made, built, provided or established, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in the said Company and their SuccelTors; and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to commence and defend all Aflions and Suits wherein they are or shall be concerned or inter rested, by and in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being, and also to prefer any Indictment or Indictments, Information or Informations, against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against the said Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels or Property of or belonging to the said Company, either as to their Docks, Wharfs, Waterworks or any Part of their Premises, or otherwise, or in relation to any Ship, Vessels, Goods, Chattels or Pro* perty in their Custody; and the Name of such Treasurer shall and may he used in all such Actions, Suits, Indictments and Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings, as to any such Matters, Things, Goods, Chattels or Property as and for the said Company j and the Death of such Treasurer, or the Resignation or other Act of any such Treasurer, shall not abate any such Suit or Information.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pairing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commercial Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indictment or Indiaments against any rerfon or Person* feloniously taking, dealing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of, or belonging to the said Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any other Per, son having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property, in the Care or Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or id or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or fremifes belonging to the said Company, and in all such Indiftpients, such Gooes, Chattels and Property mav be laid and ft a ted to be the Goods, Chat, t/els and Property of the said Commercial Dock .Company* and that the Came were feloniously ftokn or embezzled from the feud Com,

mercial

A-D.iSio* Jo° GEO. III. G cpyil. ji|

aipmal Dock Company; and it (haB be fufficierit, on any fucbln-da&ment, to prove that such Goods, Chattels and Property, weir, at the time of the feloniously taking or denting, or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premise*, be* longing to the said Company, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politick, having deposited the same with the said Company, without any other Proof of Property.

LXX. And be it further ena&ea, That if any Person or Persons Breaking Luspt, shall (leal, take away, break, deroolish or throw down, any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Pods, which the said Company shall or may set up near unto and about the said Dock or Docks, and other Works, or any of the Premises belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extioguiffi the Light within the same Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Fnraiture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and also for any other Person to assist when called upon, to arrell the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer in order to be conveyed before a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Gounty of Surrey, and that such Justice or Ju&ices shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice Or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to admi« nifter) and that if the Party or Parties accu(ed shall be conviCted of such Offence, either by Confctiion, or by the Tedimoqy of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, ne, (he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Tensity.

Lamp Iron or Pod, or other Furniture, so broke, thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguiffied; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Managers, and to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same for the Damage so done; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay the Forfeiture afiefled, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice Or Justices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction, for any time not exceeding One Calen- Punishment. dar Month.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- To appoint % fui for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they pock Maker, are, hereby authorized and required, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Dock-mader or Dock-maders, and to remove, suspend or dibnifs the same, which said Dock-mader or Dock-maders shall have full Authority, Stc.of Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and D00* Mailer, removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters and Craft, entering into, lying or being in the said Dock or Docks, or either of them, either as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of the same, and their Position, loading and discharging therein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the several Gates thereof; and in case the Owner, Mader, Pilot, Servant o* Owner, Sec., dip-other Person having the Care of any Ship or Vessel, shall refuse oheyin?, «to or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the same to such Di- Mooring &c. rection, within Two Hours after Notice to him or them given in

Writingt

C. CCvii.

AJD.iSfcl

sn

ftntlty.

Obftro&tng Mooring, &c.

Penalty.

Ships not to lay within the Pittance of 100 Yards from the Estrance.

VrITfli ob ft ruling Entrance.

Penalty.

Entrances deepened, &c.

Ohttruiftion removed.

50* geo. nr.

Writing, or left with Tome Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, then that it shall be lawful for the fata Dock-mailer or Dock-roafters, or his or their Affi&ants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such ways and means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; and in case any such Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct or binder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter declared.

LXX11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel or Vessels shall be moored or anchored within the Distance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances of the said Docks, so that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear, and without Obstruction; and over this Space the Dock-mailer shall have Controul, so far as relates to the transporting Ships and Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithfsanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Ship or Vessel laying at r alongside any adjoining Wharf in such manner as by Law before the paiung of this Act such Ship or Vessel might have done.

LXX III. And, for the better making and preserving a free and dear Passage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of the said Docks for all Ships, Vessels, Ligliters, Barges and Boats of every Description, Be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Description whatsoever, shall be moored or anchored across, in, or any way obstruct any of the Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, except only such Ships, Vessels, Ligliters, Barges, Craft and Beats of whatsoever Description, as shall have come out of, or are intended to go into the said Docks, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

LXX IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to deanse, Scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through, and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rubbish, in the said Docks, Works and Entrances already made, or intended to be made, in such manner as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the same; and dfo to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obffruftions or other Impediments of the like Nature that may be found or arise therein; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Obflruftions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the same, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof, made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners .of any such Wrecks of

A.D. 1810.

C. ccvii.

5^3

50° GEO. III.

Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obttru&ions or Impediments of the like Nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company (excluiive of the Expences incurred by removing the Came] any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the same shall be Penalty, recovered and applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXV. And Jbe it further enacted, That in case any Person or Cutting Repo, Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in &* any manner destroy any Rope or. other Thing, by which any Ship or Vessel, lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

LXXVI. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks Accidents Wy or Basons or Cuts or other Wonts, Be it further enacted. That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Veffei within the same, at any time or times whatsoever, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pl«r* Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, To prevent Fire. Turpentine, Oil, or other oombuttible Matter, shall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel,

Ligliter, Craft or Boat, lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them for that Purpose;

or shall any Gunpowder or loaded Cannon whatever be brought iBto the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, or suffered to remain oa board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon Pain that every such Matter, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Vessel fa offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Five Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or MaAm and Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Veffeb shall Owners of Ship* be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mif- anfwmb, c f°* chies, that shall be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or ?al^e-other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen, Watermen or others, belonging to, employed in or about the same, unto the Docks, Basons,

Cuts, or unto aoy of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Basons, or any of* them, or any of the Trefiches, Sluices and Passages, to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat,

Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that*

shall or may be done to the Owners or Oceftpiers of any Buddings,

Ere&ions, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenement, ad*

5Q Geo# III. 4 LI joining

$M C. CCV11. $<P GEO- IIL AD-iSi*

joining of lying nea* the same* or any of them* by leaving ©pent the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespass whatsoever* am) the said Mailer or Owner of any such Ship* Boat* Barge* Lighter or other Vessel* may be sued and prosecuted for the tame in any'Court of Record; and if a Vhrdtft or Judgment shall be given against him* either on Proof made, or by Default* of upon Demurrer* the Plaintiff in such case shall recover his Damages thereby'fuilaiiied, with full Colls of Suit; and id case the Matter or Owner of any fetch Ship* Boat, Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, ihtfl be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satwfaftion for any Damage or Trespass* by reason of any wilful Act or.Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants* every fetch Servant -or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, to such Mailer or Owner; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand* the same shall be recovered by such Wider or Owner* in like manner is any Penalty is hereinafter directed to be recovered.

Satisfaction for LXXIX* And be it further enacted* That full Recompenoe*{fatts* Tithes! faction and Compensation* shall be made by the said Company* for

all the Tithes* both great and ftnall* of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company* for the Par-poles and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, - to the respec-trite Persons entitled* or who would have been entitled to such Tithes* in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of* according to their respective Interests therein* such Tithes to be efUmated at the average Value of Three Years, commencing at , the Twenty lifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, such average Value to be ascertained, in case of any Difference concerning the same* in like manner as the Value of the Lands* Tenements or other Hereditaments* are heretofore directed to be ascertained: Provided always* that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act* for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to fpsritual Persons, shall be mode to such Persons by an Amraal Rent..Proviso for Lon- 'LXXX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted hnd declared* That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be con-19 G. 3.*. extend, to prejudice or affect any of the Rights of the West

Mia Dock Company, eftabhflied by an Act made in the Thirty ninth x Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled* AnAB far rendering

mart commodious and letter regulating the Port of London* or of the 89 & 40 G. 8. London Dock Company, effablitod by an Act made in the Thirty c. xlvu. ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An M

fife making Wet Docks, Bafime* Cuts* and Utter Works, for the

greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Re* venue, nubbin the Port of London; or of the East India Dock Com-43 G. 3.'c. cxxvL pany, established by an Act made i* the Forty thiid Year of His present Majesty's Reign* intituled* An Act for the further Improve* mm of the Port of London, by making Docks and Other Works at Biackwail* for the Aeeomnodatum of tie Ea& India Shipping in the said Part.

ProvUo for LXXX I. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That no*

Trinity House. thing in this Act contained toll extend* or he conftrned to extend* to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Matter, Warden and Affitonts of the Trahy House* Deptford &rond.

- - LXXXIL Provided

A'D.igiot, 50? CEO. fll. G. ccvK, 515

*vI^XXXII. Provided aHp, and it is hereby enacted and declared* Proviso for the

Vhyt nothing in tbi* Act contained (hull extend or be construed P'=h«*of

9 extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, In- LonI

tpreft$, Privilege*, FrapchiTes or Authority of the King's Majesty,

feu Heirs or Succeflbrp, or of the Mayor, and Commonalty of the

Citizens of the City of London, their Successor$, or the Lord Mayor

ff the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or

4imipi(h any Power, Authority or Jurifdjftion, which at the time

of making this Act His Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty

Sad Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said

City for the time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and

Waters of Medway^ aid or might lawfully claim, use or exercise;

end further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said

City for the time being, in like manner as he hath used to do in

Other C^fes, to inquire of, hear and determine, by Presentment or

Indictment, taken before him as Conservator of the said River and

Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye-Laws, Rules,

Orders and Regulations as shall be made as ?foresaid, and upon Genviftion of tie Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Peoalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penal- Penalties, tjes hereby indieted, or which shall be inflicted in and by the said Dye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be puuished Twice for one and the Jjtine Offence*.

I, XXXIII. Provided also,nd be it further enacted, That no- Prorifo for Rights thing in this - Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, °* Feltowship tp prevent or hinder the Mayor am} Commonalty and Citizens of the P01100*^0-Qty of London, or their Deputies, Meters and Fellowffjip Porters,

herwife Bjllingfgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Work$ already made, pr to he made by virtpp of this Act, the Right of Meafurage and Porterage of alj. Cpro, Grain, and §ecd of what Kind foevpr, and of Salt,

and Fruit, and of fdl other Merchandizes mpafurable, or to be mea-(predf at the Rates and Prices as regulated and settled, or to be regulated and settled, by the .Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in such and the same manner in every respe^f as they now and heretofore have pjoyed such Right of Meafu*a£€ and Porterage in any Part of the Ifert of London,

L*XXXIV. Provided alfp, and be .it further enacted, That no- Rcfcmng IWr tfc#ig bi this A^ contained shall extend, or be .cpnffrued to extend, ofgu-siugWine* to prohibit, defeat, alter or dimiuifh any Power, Authority or Ju- and other Article# riffiction which at the time of making this Act the Mayor* or £L»d Doeksta Cownooajty or Citizens of the pity of London, or the Lord Mayor Lity of London, of the said City for the time being, or his Deputy to the Exercise of guaging all Wines, Qjl, Hopey, and other gu*gable Merchan-<ftrc, imported, or brought into the hud Wft Pocks already made or to be made by virtue of t hip Act, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Right*? Privileges, Liberties* Tolls, Customs, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but that the said May^r fur the time being, or his Deputy, shall exercise and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made, or to be made, as aforesaid, and upon

L 1 2 the

F. m % to be levied.

Wow applied.

TM*n- of Form in Diuref* wit0 vitiate DU^

*refs.

orn> of Con-

'-tiuft

the Banks, Wharfs, Quays and in the Warehouses thereto belonging, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London are entitled to have, exercise and enjoy the same within the City of London, or the Port of the same, and as if the said Docks were actually situate within and Part of the City of London.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, or by any, Rule or Bye-Law which shall hereafter be made in pursuance of this Act, may be levied and recovered within Six Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the* Peace for the County of Surrey, and such Justice or Juilices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in such Warrant fpectiied; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on his, her or their Consession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses examined on Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to adminiiter) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, go and be applied, one Half to him who will sue or inform, and the other Half to the Use of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer; and for Want ot sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or F6rfeiture, and ell reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums due, or to become due to the said Company for Rent or other Dues, the Distress of itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties' di draining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ah with, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upoh the Case.

LXXXVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offendersagainst this Act*-be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, ihaH -and may caofe the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, (X\dcliut % )

gE it remembered, That on the*Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B. is convicted before me C. D- One

-«of

A.DaSio. 5d° GEO. UL C. ccvii. 5*r

4 of Hi» Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

(Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place, 4?

the case may he) contrary to an Act of Parliaraeut, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year Rrft raentioned.'

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes foweT of this Act, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers , mo and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to enter upon any Lands and Grounds whatsoever, for the Purpose of surveying, taking and levelling of, and marking out the Ground and Premises intended to be made use of for the Purpose of making the said Dock or Docks they, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be, and giving Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds or Hereditaments, and making Satisfaction for all Damage that shall be done.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tl.e Error in Schedule said Company shall and may make the said Dock or Docks, and the 10 liie Roads and Bridges connected therewith, and take Poisession, forj|^loPur" the Purposes of this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Perfens shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or spelled in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or improper Description proceeded from Mistake.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Setting Fire to shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut Premise*. down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Docks, Cuts, Bason or Ba-fons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof,

shall suffer Puniffiment, by Fine, Imprisonment or Transportation, PunUkment. not exceeding Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person Person* nor com-or Persons, pr Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, !'m

shall be applied to by or on the behalf of the said Company to treat °* t"e*f for, fell, dispose of or convey, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Pail or Parts of any House or Buildings, or any vacant Plot or Parcel of Land, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the House of the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Di-rectors, within Thirty Days next after such Applications shall be made in Writing, signify his or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the Whole of such House or Building, or of any such vacant Plot or Parcel of Lands, some Part < whereof shall have been deemed necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and it shall happen to be purchased for the Pur-

L 1 3 poses

5*8

t Sic.

Proviso.

Appeal.

Recognizance.

Certiorari.

Cnmpenfation made for Dame gr» done.

C.ccvtt: 56 ©£0. IK. A, 0, i§i*

pefes of this Act, ^fctfd it shall hfcppfcn that the said Company and their said Directors (nail riot think on>pfcr or be willing to purchase' the Whole of fufch House or Btiilding, or of any such Plot or Parcel of Land) then, and in every such Case, nothing in this Act shall exi tend or be construed to extend so as to compel the respective Person or Persons interested therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey* Part only, or less than the Whole; of every such House or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages, Yards and Passages adjoiiiihg and belonging thereto, or to fell or dispose of any such vacant Spot dr\ Parcel of Land, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the said Company or their Directors, to purchase any more than One Acre of Land from any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so signifying his, her or their Defirt not to fell or dispose of a Part or Parts of such his, her or their vacant Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if iny Person or Peffons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Ordet or Judgment made or given, in pursuance of any Rule, printed Bye* Law, or Order of the said Company of Prbprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Jiiftice or Justices of thd Peace, relating to any Matter or thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in that Case; he, Ihe or they may, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Gause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-SeffioDt; to be holden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, first giving One Calendar Month's Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof; and, within Oue Calendar Month after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before foihe Jiiftice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Awdrd of the said Coiirt therein; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof 6f such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered, either hear and determine the find Appeal at such General Quarter-Selfions, or, if they think proper* mav adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next General Quarter* Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and the Rid Justices may, if they fee Caiife, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Lavf, Order or Detfermifthtidh, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, a3 they shall think and judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majest y's Courts of Record at Wefimtiijirr, or elfeWhere, anj* Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage IhaH - arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Person from the making the said new Docks, Basons, Ponds, Sluices, Entrances and other Works herein authorized to be made, the Rid Company [hall, within One Calendar Month after Notice of such Damage in Writing, Ggned by the Party interested or hit Agent, shall

have

Sl9

AJD.iftio* 50* GEO. HL C. ccvxi.

lave been left at the Office of the said Company, make such neafon-able Compensation for the same, and in such £ maimer as' shall be agreed upon between the Party interested and the Directors of thp said Company; but in case the Parties cannot agree, then it shall be lawful for the Directors, and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after ft Demand for that Purpose fall have : been made in Writing by the Party interested, to cause a Jury to be fumrooned io the manner herein diro&ed, to decide by their Verdict the Amount of the Compensation to be made for such Damage, and the time and manner in which such Compensation fall be made by the said Company, which Verdict shall be nnal and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and PurpoTes: Provided always, that no Party shall be entitled to such Compensation unless the Claim for the same be made within Six Calendar Months after the Damage, in re-Jpeft of which such Claim is made, shall have accrued.

XCIV. Afcd be it farther ena^ed, That if any Action or Suit shall Claim* for Date brought or commenced again (I any Person or Persons, Bodies nsge 10 bejnade Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of tV Ad, J*1"rwo.every £uch Ad*on or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or in case there shall te a Continuation of Damages, then within Two Months after the doing or committing such ©amage shall have ceased, and not afterwarm, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispote or Cause fall arise, and not elsewhere; asd the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffoe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in £vi- Geacril Issue. dence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purfpance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it fall appear to Ijave beea so done, or if any Action or Suit fall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the ferine* or in any other County or - Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury fail find for the Defendant or Defendants } or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall becoms sonfuitedof his, her or fair Action or fat, after the _

Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurer ofotherwise Judgment shall be given agaiuft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the ©e- fondant or Defendants shall have Cods, and shall have such Remedy Costs. for the same as any Defendant hath for Colts of Suit in other Cases by Law,

XCV. Atid be it further enacted and declared, That this Act fall. Publick Act. be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, ^nd fall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, . and others, without bost % JpeciaBy pleaded.

'v i

*., \ v 1

1

L14 SCHEDULE

A-D.iti*.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which the foregoing AS refers.

Vo. on Flan. Description. Ownen. Oecaphn.

I Marsh. Rit. Hon. Ld. Carteret, dec. Joteph Read.

2 Do. Barnett — - — Hampton.

3 Do. Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret, & c. Joseph Road.

4 Do. Do. Do.

TRINITY STREET ENTRANCE.

Dwelling and Yard. Thomas Ritchie. Thomas Afbdon.

Do. Do. Rt. Whitfield.

Do. Do. Thomas Morgan.

Do. Do. John Highland.

Do. Do. Gerrowcolc.

Do. Do.* - Bryan.

J Do. Do. Purse and Bennett.

Do. Do. David Wilcox.

Do. Do. John Cox.

Do. Do. Elizabeth King.

Do. Do. Brown.

Do. Do. Peak.

Do. Do. Griffiths.

Do. Do. T. Sindrey.

6 Dwelling, Wharf, Sheds, &c. Land, E. Ritchie. Jer. Kofher.

East India Arm8(PublickHouse) Do. T. Lawrence.

ROTHERHITHE STREET ENTRANC !E.

Meadow. Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret Thomas Watfoa.

10

Cottage, Sheds and Garden Noah's Ark (Publick House) Garden

Dwelling, Yard, &c.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Ground, forming Court to] above Houses Dwelling, Yard, &c. being x 70, ] in Rotherhithe Street 1 Do. 171, Do.

behind the above 172, in Street

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

I73»

*74»

J7£

176,

77>

178,

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do-

— Purqett, Leafeholder Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

}

Do.

Do.

G. Walkington.

— fMorley.

John Steel.

John Pryor. Richard Gardner.

— Newman. Thomas Butler. Mrs. Vaughan.

William Markltw.

— Moncar

— Johnfloa.

— Eagffer. James MuQett. Mrs. Danby. Henry Hughes. George Steel. Mrs. Dance.

John Walker.

Dwelling

AJ&itic. 50° GEO. III. C. cctu. 521

Nouip fkn. Defcripiiotu Owners. Occupies!

Dwelling in Lepard's Court Purnett, Leafeholder Samuel Hill.

Do. Do. Mrs. Webb.

X 1 Do. Do. Francis Wyatt.

V Do. Do. —— Fuller.

Do. Do. Saxby.

Do. Do. —— Williams.

Wharfs, Sheds, &c. next, ? Thames, &c. - j*Do. Sindrey*

*3 Wharfs, Sheds, 8cc. Do. John Rufmore.

Dwelling, &c. being Number 1 108, Rotherhithe Street J Do. Jacob Hyde.

*4 109, Do. Do. Jacob Lullham.

no, Do. Do. James Coder.

111, Do. - Do. Davey.

Dwelling, Granary, Malting j Loft and Garden, &c. 3 Do, — North cote.

SCHEDULE (B.) to which the foregoing Act refers*

Per Register Ton.

Dockage on laden Ships, with! Permission of laying Six > Weeks - -3

After that Time, if remaining 1.with a Cargo on board, per >

Week - -3

Or if remaining without a 1 Cargo on board, per Week J Ships coining in light, for the!

first Six Weeks J

And if exceeding that Time, { per Week. - -J

All rigged Vessels coming .tol load oooods in the Dock - > All Ships to pay for

docking - io 6 And for undocking io 6 Ligliters, Barges and Small Craft to pass without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other! heavy Tiftiber, per Load - f

r -i

' Wharfage of Oak and other# heavy Planks, per Load - f

Wharfage on large Timber and^

/. d.

i 6

o I

O 0$ o 3 o o\ o 6

Mails, per Load

/. J.

r Rent while (lored on the Pre-"]

O 1 raises of the Company, per L Load per Quarter rRent while stored on the Pre,

6 < mises of the Company, per L Load per Quarter f Rent while stored on the Pre-1 O < mises of the Company, per >

Wharfage

3

3 6

t Load per Quarter

i 6

$k

C. ccvil — cell.

Wharfage on small Timber, ") per Load' -J

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic/ per reduced Stand ardof 120

Wharfage on Deals from Ame- / vica, per reduced Standard > 3 of 120 - -I

Wharfage on Oak Pipe*and''! Hogshead Staves from the >|o Baltic, per thousand -J Wharfage on Qak Barrel and> Heading Staves from the > y Baltic, per thousand -J

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton

u

Wharfage on Pitch, Tir and Turpentine, per Barrel, from America or. elsewhere

> o 2

V

Wharfage on Oil, per Ton -

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton -

Ufa of the Coppers for boiling7 of Blubber, per. Tori '. - J /

50° GEO. III.

AJLi8ie,

0 s

3 o <

Rent while stored on the Pre-mues of the Company* per Load per Quarter Rent while stored on the Pre- 1 mises of the Company, perl Quarter^rreduceaStandard ?

>) 1. / r J 2 4

2.o

>2 o

3

of 120

"Rent while stored on the Pre-

mises of the Company, per, #*Quart er/^r reduced Standard 3

_ of 120.-

7Rent while stored on the Prt-"

J mises of the Company, per 15 0 I: .Quarter per thousand

1 'Rent while stored on the Pre-"

i .mises of the Company, per Quarter per thousand '"Rent while stored or ware* 1 houfad on the* Premlfes 'of the Company, per Week _ per Ton., .

"Rent' while 'stored or ware-honied on the Preraifea of the Company* per Week _ per Ton.

"Rent while stored or ware* houfad.on the Premises ofj the .Company, per Week /r Barrel -Rent, while stored. or ware-housedpn the Premifaa of the tCetnpany, per Week per Ton .

Rtnt while stored or were-houfad on the jPretoifca of the Company, per Week) per To$.

10 0

0 6

>01

0 \

0

*9 0. 0. C. 87. 10 0.3. c. 50. 3 5 G. 3. C. bA. < % s to St. Paul Shad well, rt-fetled.

.'Cap.ccvrii.

An Act for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor, wkhjn the Parish of Saint Paul Sbdchvell, in the County of Mid* dlesex; for better lighting, wattftnag, paring, ckaosing, itpairif? and improving the Streets and other publick Places in the fai4 Parish; and for repealing Three Acts, severally passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, rehtm thereto. [20th June 1810]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for more equally and effedoally aflefling and cofle&ng the 2 Pom

JtD.ift*

C. ccla — eetiri

50° CEO.

III.

Pber Rotes, wW|ii the Pariftt of toW Hetefph without AUgdtei in the Couoty of MUdlesex [loth June if to.

m

Cap. ccx.

An Act for mote effectually improving the Road from Burford to iqG. 3. c. lot. Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road c. m.

leading to Stow in the Coutrty of Glooc(/iert and from Swerford rppwl*d-Gate, in the Coutrty of Oxfo+d, to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton. (a) [20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Act for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trustees of Henry Smith's Charity and John Nctunham Esquire, of divers Eltates in Worth and Balcombc otherwise feaulcombe, Ardinglry, Crawley and /field, in the County of SuJ[ex. (q. P.) £aoth June 1810.]

Cap. ccxii. v

An Act for inclosing Lands wfthin the Parishes of Trellech, Penalty Mltchel Troy, C<tvmcaravan, Landogo, Tihtern and Lam fie n, in thf County of Monmouth, (q. P.) [20th June 1810.]

9t Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 23.

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Netheir Kellet in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands f in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

(q. P-) [zoth June if 10.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upoA the Conditions! and under the Regulation* therein mentioned.

[21ft June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Existence of well regulated Theatres sub-9 iftantiftlly built, and capable of affording the best Accom-€ ihodAtion to be obtained For the Publick, with respect to the

furtoUOding Avenues, Passages and Approaches, as well as to their 4 Fitness for Scenic Representation, has always been considered to

be a Matter worthy both bf Royal Attention and Legftlative

Pnoteftion: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred

and ninety three, the then Theatre Royal in Drury Lane wa»

4 taken down, and great Surrts expended by the Most Noble Francis 4 the late Duke of Bedford9 in tire Parchafe of Ground and Housea 4 in the Neighbourhood, in order to erect a new Theatre upon a

Seale of Magnificence and Grandeur; the Interest of which Sum*

so expended by the said Duke of Bedford being added as an ad-

drtional Rent Charge upon the said Theatre: And whereas the

Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds was raised by % the Proprietor* of the said Theatre by Shares of Five hundred 4 Pounds each, for the Accotnpliihment of the ereftitig the proposed 4 ilew Theatre, and for paying off the then existing Mortgages;

$ but owing to various and unforeseen CircumftatrceS, and to the,

4 unavoidable Necefiity which arose of making various Alterations9in the original Plan! the Theatre when opened in the Beginning

5*4

C- ccxlr.

So8 GEO. IH.

A.D. 1S10.

Preprint or* Ntmtt.

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and niriety four, wit rtry far from being in a finished State, while the intended surrounding Buildings dated in the Estimate were not even begun, and a great Debt was-left wholly unprovided for, and the whole Sum intended to be applied to the Building of the Theatre was entirely ex* pended by the Trustees jn endeavouring to accomplish the same: And whereas a Settlement of the Remainder of the said Debt and Claims took place in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, through an Arrangement made under the immediate Di-re&iou and Authority of the Lord Chancellor, and afiented to by all Parties; And whereas, in the course of a successful Progress towards the Liquidation of the said Claims, the said Theatre Royal, with all its Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture and other Articles, was wholly destroyea by the Calamity of Fire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, being insured only to the Amount of Thirty five thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas it is deemed expedient to surrender and make over the whole Interest of the present Proprietors of the said Property to a Body of Subscribers purchasing the same and becoming bona Jde Proprietors of the whole Patents, Leases or Agreements for Leases, Materials, Foundation, Scite of Ground, and every ether Property of whatever Description now belonging to or held in Tract for the Proprietors of the said Theatre: And whereas the several Persons hereinafter named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to provide for or to discharge all just and equitable Claims on the late Theatre, should the same be duly ascertained to their Satisfaction, and not found to exceed the computed Amount upon which they are willing to become Subscribers; and also to erect, build, finish and furnish, fit for Representation, the said intended new Theatre, with the surrounding Buildings and Improvements: But as the several Purposes before mentioned cannot be carried into EffcA without the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and by.the Authority of the same, That His Grace the Duke of Bedford, His Grace the Duke of Argyle, the Right Honourable Lord Kinnaird, Samuel Whit* bread; 'Richard Sharpe, Peter Moore, Harvey Christian Combe, Sir Robert Barelas Baronet, Thomas Coutts, the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable David Anftruther, Alexander Davidson, Templar, J. H. Farqubar, Thomas Hammerjlty

and Company, Aaron Graham, Richard Wilson, Sir Charles Blicle, James Heath, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, Sir Mathew White Ridley Baronet, Henry Greville, the Honourable Thomas Maule, William Adam, Colonel O'Kelly, Captain Graham, Samuel James Arnold, Charles William Ward, William Linley, Robert M- Barnard, Richard Peake, Michael Kelly, Joseph Kelly, Henry Burgess, Richard Ironmonger, George Boulton, John Morris, Charles Beasley, John Graham, Thomas Fojbrook, William Phillips, J. Winter, Francis Glojfop, William Grifsith, John Whitehead, Law* renee Burton, Robert John Cocker, Thomas Wright, John Wilkie, T.Fallowjuld, Francis Franco, C Wat him, James

Raymond, George Pringle, Joseph Kernot, R Knight, J

Harley,

G. ccxiti

5*S

50° GEO. III.

Harley* H Milton* William Downs* William Dunn* William

Lucas* Andrew Franklin* Thomas Greenwood* A Lowndes*

John Bowley* Samuel Spring, James Smart* Robert Mitchell* Thomas Shaw* J Stephenson, James Denew* Edward Ainge* M Linley* John Grubb* John Windus* John Welbank* Richard Strong WAls* A Menxies* William Wolford* William J Banker$

Theophilus Elgie* George Edwards* James Mitchell* Thomas Parker and Nathaniel Vieke* together with such other Person and Perilous as shall subscribe towards raising the Capital Sum hereinafter mentioned, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Ailigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any*

Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, paying and contributing

to the Capital Sum to be raised as hereinafter mentioned, shall be t

and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for erecting

the said Theatre and surrounding Buildings, and carrying into Exe*.

cution the Purposes of this Act, and shall for that Purpose be One

Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name and Style of The Incorporated.

Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors* and by that; Th*

Name shall have perpetual Succeilion and a Common Seal, and by* that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have full Power and Authority to purchase or exchange Mefiuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their SucceUora and Afligna, for the Use of the said Theatre and the furroundtngp Buildings and Improvements, and the other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Statutes of Mortmain, and also to fell or exchange for others any of the Lands, ;

Tenements or Hereditaments, purcnafed for the Purposes aforesaid : f Provided always nevertheless, that the said Land or Ground, so to be held by the said Corporation, shall not exceed Five Acres in the whole.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Comptay may the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute in such Pro-, wife among portions as they shall think proper any Sum or Sums of Money, tlwmfelvesa not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand;

Pounds, which said Sum or Sums of Money shall be laid out and , n* '

applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and, in the next Place, in Payment to George White of Park Street* Westminster* Esquire, and Ann the Wife of John Martindale of Tavistock Place* in the County of Middlesex* Esquire; or unto such other Person or Per- fons, as (he the said Ann Martindale on her. Part shall appoint, in* equal Shares and Proportions, such Sum or Sums of Money as is and shall or may become due and owing to them in respect of their*

Shares, Rights and Interofta, in certain Letters Patent, granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to Thomas Killegrtw Efqdire, for eroding and building a Theatre in the Cities of London and* Westminster or the Suburbs thereof, for performing Plays and Other Entertainments therein; and in the next Place, in making due and just Payment or Compensation to the Renters and the several other Claimants on the said Property upon such Terms as the said Claimants and the said Company of Proprietors fhjl agree; and thirdly, in purcfea&ig the entire Property and Interclts of the* proTenfProprietors and Parties, beneficially and ultimately interested.

4 '

C.ctxW.,

So* GEO. III.

To V* divided Into Shares of tool. each.

im the Property of the said late Theatre Royal Drury Za/fi, and the Profits and Property thereof, and then for and toward! rebuilding, crecting and finishing the said intended new Theatre, and the fuiTomdnw Buildings and Improvement9 necessary thereto, and in ptmcbafaig, making axul completing the Se$nery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations, and other Appendages, and otherwise for carrying this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the Qqd Shares.shall be and they are hereby veiled in the said several Per fops and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, £0 fqbscribing, and their fereral and respective Executors, Administraton, Suceeftbrs and Af« signs, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportion-aWy to the several Sums they shall severally pay and contribute, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who Audi severally subscribe for Ooe or more Share or Sham, shall be entitled to, and receive the entire and net Ciftribution of an equal proportionable Part according to the Money so by them respectively paid of the Prodts and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue from the Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received from the said Theatre and Property by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that in case the said Company of Proprietor* shall not contta& and agree with all the Persons inter tiled in the said ^Theatre, and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Inte-refrs within- the Term of Two Years from the passing of this Act, then, and in such Case, this Act and all the Matters and Things therein contained shall become null and yoid.

III. And be it further enad&ed, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and11 other Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Ell ate and traofmimble as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Enabling incapa- IV. And be it further enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful d^e-d]^crfon, to to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Tr.ufiees, Canaatjttees, Executors and AdnunHlratora, and all other Trglfeet and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of tfcemselves, their Executory and Administrators, but also for tad on behalf of .tbefr Cef-tuiqut Trufis, whether infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots Femes Covert, or other Person or .Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, or any other Person under any other Disability or Incapacity wfot-soever, who is, are or shall be pofiejQCed of, interested in or cetided unto any Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Right, Title, Ioterect, Debt, Claim or Demand, out of, m, unto or upgo the said late Theatre Royal Drury Lane* or the Patents, or ether Property thereunto belonging, Or unto any Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments or Premises, to fell, assign, release, discharge, transfer and convey the same, and every Part thereof, for such Sum of Money, Consideration or Compensation, as such Person or Persons shall agree to take or receive, for or in lieu of the same to the said Company of Proprietors; and that all such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration or Compensation, shall be paid unto and received by such Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, and shall be

Vrovlfo.

Shares to he PcrioiMil Jfcitite

release Shares, See. in die late Theatre;

50° GEO. III.

C. cexhr.

S*7

nidippUcd, settled, limited and veiled by Kim, her or them, to, for and updo the same Trails, Settlements, Interns and Purposes, and in the same manner as inch Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, hiortgage. Right, Title, Interect, Debt, Chwn or Demand, which fe>R be so foldv assignedj releaicdt di£diivgedf transferred or oon* weyed, as afor^said, stood settled, limited or veiled, or such of them at at the time of nutkfer such Assignment, Release, Difckargt,

Transfer or Conveyance mall be exiting, undetermined and capable, of.taking efsect, or as near thereto a* may be; and that every 8eWf Alignment, Conveyance, Transfer, Release and Difebarg* of fdch Psoperty, Shire, Annuity, Rent Charge, Mortgage, Right, Title, Interect, Debt, Claim ojr Demand, or of any Meffoages, Lands, Hereditaments or Fremtfet, which shall be made or executed by such Person or Person* hereby authorized a* aforesaid, shall be good and dfe&ualin the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same Felpe&ively shall be veiled in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

V* And be it further. enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, Collegiate, or other Person or Perfects who shall, by virtue of this Act, nave fublcpbfd or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their relpefUve Sucdrfibrs, Executors, Administratora and Aligns, feall have a Vote in; the several Assemblies, to be holden as hereinafter, appointed for carrying, on the said Undertaking, for such Share or Shews; and if possessed of Three Shares to have Two Votes, if of Sis Shares to have Three Votes, if of Ten Shares to have Four Votes, and if of Fifteen Shares and upwards to have Six Votes; and every Question, . Matter or Thing which shall be proooofed, dtf-cvfled or Cpnfideved in aqy General or Special General AflemWy of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Six Votes in the Whole for eaeh Proprietor as afore-fefcd, provided that the Members present be -poifefied of not lese than One hiuuked Shares; and every Qarfion. Master or Tiling which* shall be paojposed, difeuffed or con&fere<l in any General or Special General Aflembiy of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes, then pbefent in the manner Morbid..'.

VE And be it further enaffect, That the First General Affetnbly of the said Company -of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at such Time and Place as the Committee bemn-after appointed feall divest, within Sixty Days after the passing «f ttos Ad, or as fbon after as conveniently may be, bet ween the Hours of Eleven in the IWenoon, and Two in the Afternoon 5 and the Second General Meeting of the said Company shall be held at such Time and Plane within Sixty Days next after* the holding of the Pirl General Meeting as the Committee shall appoint; and at such General Meeting, a htU and diftiaft Statement of the Arrangements trapefed by the Committee, and aftented to by the Claimants and the neprietOia of the late Drury Lane Property, shall be submitted to the said General Meeting, for their Content and Approbation 5 and any Snbscriber difagreemg from such Statement, shall be at Liberty to withdraw his Subscription, and relinquife all Share and Interest in the Undertaking; and in case the Place of such Subscribers so

with*

Sabferfl>eri to have Votes according to the Number of their Shares, not to exceed Six Votes*

First General Assembly of the Proprietors.

A diftinA Statement of Arrangement proposed by Committee to be laid before Proprietor*.

C. ccxiv.

A.D.iSi*.

5*V

50° GEO. III.

IVp-'.etors tt their Aflemblics may apj»oiiit a ChiuiiEAn.

k Committee ot Proprietor* Appointed.

Names of Comiuitie«f.

Chairman.

withdrawing shall not be filled up By new Subscriptions, or taken by the remaining Subscribers within Two Months from the Date of such General Meeting, or in case no such General Meeting shall be held, or if no such Statement shall be made to such General Meeting, then in the said Cases the whole of this Act shall become null and void, and the Overplus (if any) of all Depoiits or Advances shall be returned to the respective Subscribers, aftg; deducing all Expences ia obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, out of such Depoiits or Advances, and thereupon the whole of the said Arrangements under the Order of the Court of Chancery, shall be revived and be ailed upon in such and the like manner as if this Att had not been made, but in case of the above Subicription being filled on the Terms and in the manner above mentioned, then all future General AfTemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, except such Special General Assemblies as shall be convened by the Committees for particular Purposes, shall be held annually between the Hours of Eleven in the Foreuoon and Two in the Afternoon, at such.Days and Places as the Committee hereinafter appointed for the time being shall direll; of which First and every future General A (Tembly and AfTemblies Ten Days previous Notice, at lealt, shall be given by publick Advertisement, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and Three or more Newspapers, and in such other manner as the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall direll; and that the said Company of Proprietors, at such their respective General or Special Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, who shall not oaly vote as a Proprietor, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have a calling Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better forwarding the Purposes of this Alt and the Interefi of the said Company, there shall be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable Cavendish Bradjhaw, the Honourable Kinnaird, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Samuel Whit

bread, Peter Moore, liarve^ Christian Combe, William 4dam, Richard Sharpe and Richard W'tlfon, Esquires, shall be the First Committees Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Contract, Engagement or Employment respecting the said Building shall be capable of being ele&edor of serving upon such Committee during the time of his Continuance iq such Contrail, Engage, ment or Employment for the said Building, nor uulels he shall pofiks' or hold in his own Right One Share in the said.Undertaking; and that the said Committee shall and may, at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their laid Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee; and that no Member of any Committee shall have more than one Vote upon any Question that' may be agitated in the said Committee, except in case of, an Equality of Votes, and in that Case the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote, although he may have given one Vote before; and that the said Committee shall be authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding Eleven to^ the said Committee, and that Tnree of the said Committee, namely, Samuel Whithread, Peter;

Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, Esquires, shall be the Trustees who shall appoint the Banker or Bankers where the Theatre Subscription Account shall be held; and the said Committee are hereby;

audio-

A.D. 1810.' 509 GEO. III. C. ccxlr. 529

authorized and dircfted cither eolleftively or by appoint in g select Committees out of their <»wn Number for the different Purposes hereinafter mentioned, if it should appear to them the preferable Mode of executing the same, to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compensation with the several Claimants on the said Property* and to determine upon and felcft the Plan for rebuilding, and to- make Contracts and Bargains for erecting the said Theatre as hereinafter is mentioned, and also for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interests of the present Proprietors shall be made over to the said intended Company of Proprietors, and all other necessary Purposes: Provided always, that no Member of the Proviso. fard Committee having any Claim or Demand upon or Interest in the said'Property, while the same shall remain unsettled, shall be competent to with'or vote in any Committee employed in settling the Terms and Compensation to be made to the said Claimants^ Par-tie* i/iterefted; and that the Fifff Committee shall continue until Three Mouths after the Opening of the said Theatre, and shall then go out of Office in the Order and Rotation herein mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Committee Potrerof which shall*meet under and by virtue of this Act are hereby autho-

rized spid dircfted to form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, as shall seem bed calculated according to their Judgment to promote and maintain the Interests and Character of the Undertaking, and to meet the Expectations arid merit the Approbation of the Publick, such Plan to he submitted to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be specially called by Advertisements in the London Gazette, and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee shall think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the Opening of the said Theatre, such Plan to be adopted, altered or rejected by a Majority at such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veded in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, or any other Committee to be hereafter appointed, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Members present at the respective Meetings (the same having beert duly convened) the whole Number present not being less than Five; and every such Committee shall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies of, the Proprietors; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to such Orders and Regulations as herein mentioned), meet at such Times and Places, and shall and may from time to time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they at their reipeftive Meetings shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee herein Empowering appointed, or any pther Committee for the time b^ing to be ap- t.jnumu. ro pointed in pursuance of this Act, shall and may at their said Meet- nu

ings, contract and agree for and complete the Purchase of such Messuages, Ground, Property and Premises, and the Machinery,

Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, and other Articles and Things, as they at such Meetings shall' deem necessary for eresting, building, decorating, completing and mak; ng fit for Representation the said Theatre, and for arranging the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes may be let, should the said Committee find it advisable and expedient for the Completion of the Plan, and for making and finishing the surrounding Buildings, Avenues, Passages and 5° Geo. ill. Mm Improve-

530 C. ccxiv. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 181 d.

Improvements to belong to the said Theatre; and for the several other Purposes in this Act mentioned; and also shall and may enter into and make Agreements, Contracts and Bargains with the Archi-te<fts, Surveyors, Workmen and other Persons, for erecting, build* ing and completing the said intended Theatre, Buildings, Improvements, Works, and the several other Purposes herein mentioned, and appoint an Architect, Surveyor, Secretary, Banker, Solicitor and other Officers and Servants, as they may deem necessary to the said Undertaking, with fitch Appointments, Salaries or Allowances, as such Committee shall think proper; and that the Committee now appointed, or any other Committee hereafter to be appointed in pursuance of this Act (subjed nevertheless to the Orders and Directions herein mentioned) mall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized* at any of their Meetings duly convened, to use, put and affix the same to any Instrument, Deed or Writing which they shall deem necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution 5 and also shall have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors, and to direct and make the several Payments out of the Joint Stock of the said Company, which they at their said Meetings may deem necessary, and direct and order all or any of the several Purposes herein mentioned; and the said Committees are hereby authorized and di-reded to keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies which they shall from time to time pay, or order and direct to be paid, and ^or what Purposes, and also a full, correct and true Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they from time to time shall receive in respect of the said Theatre.

^uhfcquent X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee so elected

Appoiutment of shall continue in Office until Three Months after the Opening of the < iontnittre (ly fcjd Theatre, and on such Day Seven of the said Committee shall go inriw Room^oi out ^lce an^ cease to be upon the Committee of the said Com-thole quii." out PanY; anc^ order to determine who of the said Committee shall go of Office by out of Office and cease to be of the Committee of the said Company, Houiiuu. the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one difliud Pieces of Paper of equal Size the Name of One of the said Committee ou each of such Papers; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or'Wheel, and Seven of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such

Box or Wheel by such Secretary, one by one, and those Seven of. the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respettjvely x so drawn* shall go out of Office and cease to he upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as afore said Seven Members of the said Company, who shall severally be pofTeffed and entitled to Three Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years ^except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this A A directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose) and no longer; and on the First Wedntfday in the next succeeding Month of May after the Expiration of the said

TJuxe

C. ccxlr.

$ 3*

50° GEO. III.

^Three Years, Seven more of th Committee first eieded by virtue of this Act as Part of the Committee, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be 9poo the Committee of the said Company, and in order to determine who of such Seven of the Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or fume Adjournment thereof, shal) and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of such of the Com-jnittee on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or \Vheel by such Secretary, and Seven of such Papers shall be then dr?wo out of such Box or Wheel by such Secretary one by one, and those of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and ceale to be upon the Committee of the' said Company, and the said Company 'shall then elect, by Ballot as aforesaid, Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Seven of the Committee, and such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Year*, (except in case of Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or difpTaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Seven remaining Members of the Committee first eieded by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons eieded in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and the said Company shall, at their General A {Terribly, to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as afore, said Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, Xo be upon the Committee of the said Company, in the Room or jStead of such Seven of the Committee going out of Office as last aforesaid; apd such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Offices for the Space of Three Years, (except in cafaof Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid, ) and no longer; and on the First IVedntfday in every succeeding Month of May in each and every Year, Seven Persons out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be eieded by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee of the said Company; and such Seven Persons so eieded shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to Sid, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors agaiu to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as afo-esaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the said Committee; and in case, on any such First IVednefday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination aixi Appointment of such Seven Members of the Committee shall be made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First IVedr.sJday in Jwt following, for the Purpose of making such Election; and in

M m 2 case

In caff Cow-nultee njt appointed on Dap ircniiourd, another M*eVn »

tu He hud for 'haJL Pur pole.

A.D. 1810.

S32

Subsequent Appointment of (ommirtec J>y Proprietors in the Room of ihofe who shall die, icfule to act, or become disqualified.

Auditors to be appointed.

Subsequent Appointment of Auditors.

C. ccxlv. 50° GEO. III.

case no such Nomination and Appointment shall be then made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First IVcdnefday following, for the Purpose of mak* ing such Election, and so tot'ies quoties until such Seven Members of the Committee shall be chosen; but such Seven Members of the Committee shall nut continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee, for any longer Space of time than if they had been elected on the First Wednesday in the Month of May as aforesaid; and until such Seven Members of the Committee shall be chosen^ the Seven Members of the Committee going out of their Office shall continue in Office, and shall enjoy the same Powers and Authorities as the other Members serving upon the said Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons elected by the said Company as a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company, shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to-be entitled to One Share at the least in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Contra^ or Employment, respecting the said Building, under the said Company, or being otherwise disqualified to act with or vote in any Committee as hereinbefore mentioned, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect, at the next General Assembly, or at some Special General Assembly of the said Company to he called for that Purpose, some Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee so dying or refusing to act, or ccafing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Contract or Employment respect^itig the building the said Theatre and Premises under the said Company; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead be or they shall be so elested, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee for such time and no longer as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they Audi be so elected would have continued in Office.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their First General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the same, deft by Ballot Two Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Company, and such Persons shall continue in Office until the next General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on the First IVednefday in the Month of May then next ensuing, but no Person shall be capable of being elested, or of serving as an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, nnlefs he shall hold and he pofTeffed of One Share at least in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being elested, or of serving as such Auditor of Accounts during the time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Auditors so elested, or the Person or Person9 so elected in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the said First IVednefday in the Month of May next after such Election; and on

such

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. lib

S3I

such Day, One of the said Auditors (hair go out of Office and cease to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, and the famo Provisions hereinbefore made and enacted in respect of the Election of Members to serve upon the Committee in the Room of those going out by Balht or Rotation, or who shall die, refuse to ad, or become disqualified, shall be applicable to the Election of Auditors of Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Auditors'of the Ac- t'owrr* of th« counts of the said Company, shall and they are hereby empowered AuUiu»nk and required to meet at Come convenient Place Four times at the lead

in every Year, for the Purpose of examining the Accounts of the said Company, and at inch Meetings, all Accounts of Money received, laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Committees,

Treasurers, Receivers, Secretary, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by or concerned for or under the said Company, in and about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said Auditois to be audited and settled, e4ind the said Auditors shall cause a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts to be made out, which Statement shall be laid before the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for their Confirmation, and in order to der fray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Auditors shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, ad-jufted and settled by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and Proprietors not after the First General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Pro- entitled»v»ne prietor or Proprietor* shall be deemed to be qualilicd or entitled to JJJ?

vote who has or have not possessed his, her or their Shares, and Three Calendar

whose Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner Month*.

hereinafter directed in the Books of the said Company, as the Pof-

feflor or Pofleflors, and Proprietor or Proprietors of such Shares,

for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at

any General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the

said Undertaking.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committees may Committee shall have Power, and they are hereby required from time male Calls,

to time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to Share* forfeited and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, to defray the Ex- Aldv»n^M, pences of, or to carry on the same as they the said Committee shall 'lo i, e ta^en from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of of Forfeiture this Act, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds without Motion, for every Share, except as hereinafter mentioned; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Twenty one Days at lead from each other, and Ten Days Notice at lead shall be given of all such Calls as afore said by Advertisement in Three or more of the London Newspapers, and in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint: Provided, that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any'Proprietor or Proprietors beyond the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her or their Subfciiption, he, (lie or they had undertaken to pay for his, her or thrii said Share or Shares; ax.d every

M m 3 Owner

534

C. ccxiv.

A.D. 1810.

go* GEO. III.

Penalty

Personal Notice ol Call.

Inserted in Lomlou Gazette*

Suhfcnl)€T$ to pay their Sub* {cTipt.o* f on Calls by the Committee.

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the h^onies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Committee shall from time to time order and direct: and if any Person or Persons shall negledfc or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid (except such Subscribers as shall have withdrawn themselves and their Subfcrip-tions from the said Company at and within the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned) at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Twenty one Days next enfning, he, (he or they so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound for every Share he, (he or they shall have in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to ne-gle& or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then, and iri every such Case, he, fh£ or they so neglrding or refuling shall forfeit his, her or theiriefpec-tive Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all tbeiiprofits and Benefits thereof, and all Sum and Sums of Money which he, (he or they shall have previously paid for or on account of the same, and save and except as aforesaid; all which Shares and Sum and Sum* of Money so forfeited shall be vetted in the said Company of Proprietors in trust for and for the Benefit of all the red of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, Ur shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Assemblies, ' be publickly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid; Provided neverthelef?, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be or be deemed to be incurred, save and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing signed by the Secretary or Secretaries to the said Committee, shall have been given to or left at the iaft or usual Place^ or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange of the City of London, or until such Notice shall be sent to or left at the iaft or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be Twenty Miles or upwards distant from the Royal Exchange in the City of London, tr«d in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Owners shall not be known to the Secretary or Secretaries of the said Committee, then such Notice shall be inserted once in the London Gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall and he, she and they is and are hereby requin d to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors

A.D. 1810. 50" GEO* III. C. ccxW; 53;

by virtue of and agteeatye tc*the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places and in such manner as shall be directed by the said Committee: and in case any such Subscriber or Sub-scribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place and manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought Proceeding in by the said Company of Proprietors against any Person or Persons Actions lor Cals, who hath or have subscribed, or who (nail hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against

any Owner or- Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said. Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Gall or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall b£ sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owner3, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or \

Calls.of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as. the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only n6cessary to 'prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Cad or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking 5 and that such Call or Calls was or were in fad made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that Notice was not given as at ore said 5 and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (fayed by reason of any .Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with E fifed; and also if the said Judgment shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-pro (Ted, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Costs adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber Committee may or Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous allow Imereti to to pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Com- Proprietors on roittee, or of the Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to iaa, ^ and*on receive the same, the full Amount of his, her or their Subscription JjJJ.1 j)'^ ()f or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares for which-he, (he or they Subft-iiUv* may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, without waiting for the before .Share* said Call or Calls to be made, then, and in such Case, it shall be law- comp'rtrd, 'heir ful for the said Committee to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers

so paying in advance as aforesaid, out of the Funds of the said Com- ma* WIU

M ai 4 pany,

536

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. III.

A.D.iSid-

pany, Interest upon the Seim or SumOffb advan<*ed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount which' such Payment in Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the time of advancing the same up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of such Call; and that if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die befote such Call or Calls shall have been made for the* full Sum or Sums to be advanced on -any Share or Shares which he, (he or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision, by Will or otherwHe, how and in what manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed. of, or the Calls for the same paid, then, and in such Case, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Proprietor, so dying, or the Trustee-or Trustees*, Committee'or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of any such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnitied against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Perfoqa whomsoever, for or on account of his, her or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee- or Committees, Guardian or Guar-Executon, &c. dians shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls for the Space of Three Calendar Months, after Notice in Writing, figtfed by the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or. ufnal Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the.Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on condition that he, (he or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of the Infant or Infants or, other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her or their Ef-

sects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors in his, her or their Lifetime by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for, and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid. Sham forfeited, then, and in every such Case, such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become veiled in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act. sw« may XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

he Rild., tO

relating to aniner Call.

Od nr Person* fuhnuted.

C. ccxir.

537

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III.

Form of Transfer.

to and for the said {everal Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Adroinistrators and Assigns to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, Ihe or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned* the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in Form or to the Effect following; videlicet*

I of in

4. considerfction of paid to me by

4 of do hereby bargain, fell,

assign and transfer to the said.the Sum of

*.Capital Stock of and in the Theatre Royal

4 Drury Lane, being of my C>hare

4 > in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said

4 ' Executors, Admihistrators and Assigns, fuhjedt to

the (ache Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Cor.ditions that I Held the same immediately before the Execution hereof,

and I the said da hereby agree to take '

4 and accept the said Capital Stock of'Share of

4 subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Con-

ditiona. As witness our; Hands and Seals this 4 Day of m. the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed.by the Seller or Seliers, and the -Purchafer or Purchasers of such Share or* Shares) fhidl be. kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers.for his, her or their Security, after the Secretary or Scpretaries to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have te-ftitied and*endorsed the Entry of.such Memorial on .the'said Deed, of Sale or Transfer, fur which no more thasr Five Shillings (halL )}e paid, "and Fee. the said Secretary or Secretaries. is and arc hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memo- rial shall have been made ahd entered as above' directed, .such Tur-chafer or.Purchasers /lnll have tn Part or Share of the Protits, of the -

said .Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share-or* Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any. Vote in* respect thereof as a'Proprietor A or Proprietors of the Lid Undertaking*. '

XX{. And be it further.--enacted; - That after any Qdl of, such Xo f?har« shall Money shall have been-made by the said Comm: aye as aforesaid, no >»</', !'1 a, jrr a Person or Persons shall fell or transfer a; iy Share or Shares which f l, l^()ucy. he, flie or.they {hull. poffcis in the said Unde: taking, on paid of for-.^1 feiting his, -her or their' respective Sh; r£ gr Share* therein.to.the.said Company of Proprietors, in trull for the Benefit, of -all the f<ud Pro- .. prietors, unless at the time of such' Sale or Transfer such Call or Calls shall have been paid and discharged to the Treasurer'of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire S.ufn of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or traiifi-'ferred, such Forfeiture neverthelnfs to be notified and declared at a General of Special General Assembly in manner before.directed.

XXII. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of Xames of the said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it fur- Proprietor* and ther enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they N urn-»era of their are hereby required, at their hr ft, or as so.ou as conveniently may be,

at ' 1

53*

Book, and Certificates of thfc Number delivered to them.

Evidence*

Genera) Saving.

Public WAdt

4*0. 9. c.cKx.

C. CCXIVr — eexvit. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

at some subseqijent General Assembly to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking* with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall.be diftiflguifhtd, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by'the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto; and shall also cause a Cer. tificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber au Demand* specifying the Share or Shares to which he, (he or they is or are entitled in'the said Undertaking, or a Certificate for each separate and distinct Share in case any Proprietor, of more than one Share shall request the same, every such Proprietor paying to the Secretary One Shilling and no more, for every such Certificate pr loft rumen t, and such Certificate or instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his* her or their Executprs, Admmiftratork and Afsigna, to the Share or Shares therein specified 5 but the Want of fuqh Certificate or Instru-metit (hair not hinder or prevent' the Owner or Proprietor of aoy of the said Share or Shares from felling of disposing thereof-; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be ascertained to have been lost or destroyed, then, and in such Case, another Certificate shall be made out and entered by the Secretary on the fante Terms and Conditions as aforefai^.

XXtII, ' Saving always, to the King V Mo ft .Excellent Majesty, hia Heirk and Succe(Tors, and tQ all" and every* other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, hia, her and their respective Heirs, Suocefiors, Executors, Administratora and Afligna, all such "Estate, Rights Title and Interest as they, every -on any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to or but of the' said late Theatre Drury .Lane, or the Property thereunto belonging, dr any Claims or Demands thereon before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to hafve had and enjoyed -in case this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be .deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of es such by all Judges, Justicea and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. eexv.

An Act to alter and.amend the Lydney and Ltdbrook Railway Ad, to vaty certain Parts of the said Railway, and to extend the same from -Lidbrock to Bjhop's IVood, and from the Lower Forge to the Crop Ptilj and for making a Basin and Canal to communicate with the River Severn vx Nafs Pqint. [21ft June 1810.]

Cep. eexvi.

An Act for establiftiing a Chaoel of Eaffe at Tremadoc, in the Chapelry of 7-nyjcynhaiarnf in the County of Carnarvon.

[21ft June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvii*

Act for removing one of the Trustees of the settled Estates and the other settled Property of the Rcverer.d Richard Bur (on Burton

PbiHipfo* %

A.D. 1810.

50° CEO. III. C. ccxvli — ccxviii.

Phillip/en, and for veiling the same in other Trustees; and for enabling the High Court of Chancery -to appoint new Trustees.

(q. P.) [2 ift June 1810.]

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for difafforefting the Forest of South, otherwise East Bert otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton; and for kicloling the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[21ft June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Kina's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right

of his Crown, is seised to himself, bia, Heirs ind Succef?

4 fors, of the Forest of South otherwise East Btre otherwise Bitrt 4 in the County of Southampton? and also in his Demesne as .of Fee y of and in Two Districts or Divisions of Land there, commonly 4 called Purlieus within the same; which Forest is of considerable 4 Extent, and the Waste Lands within the same, exclusive of the 4 inclosed Lands, are computed to contain about Eight thousand

Acres, subject nevertheless to such Right of Common and other 4 Rights as certain Persons called Purlieu Owners, and the Free-

4 holders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands and Tenements.

4 situate and being within the several Parishes, Townships, - Hamlets or Places of Soberton, Hambledon, Catherington, Blendworth,

4 Bedhampton, Kingston, Portijfaie otherwise Portsea, Farlington.

4 Wymering, Widley, Southwick, West Burhunl, PortcheJlsr, IVicor and 4 Wickham, in the said County of Southampton, or foihe of them,

4 or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the time being, are entitled to, within, upon and over the said Forest: And whereas 4 the said Forest is divided intot Two Walks, one called The East'

4 Walk, and the other called The West Walk, within which are several smaller Districts or Divisions of Land, .commonly called Pur*

4 lieus, lying within the Regard of the said Forest, and appurtenant 4 to Manors near and adjoining to the said Forest, besides the afore-'

4 said Two Divisions belonging to His Majesty: And whereas.

4 His Majesty's said Demesne Lands consist of Three Parcels of 4 Land, Two in the said East Walk, and One in the said Weil 4 Walk, within the said Forest, and which do contain in the Whole,

4 in Statute Measure, Nine hundred and twenty nine* Acres and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, together' with the several Lodges 4 and other Buildings and Erections in and upon the said several Pieces 4 or Parcels of Land, called or known by the names of The West 4 Lodge, The East or Creech Lodge, and Bulls Lodge, and together 4 also with all the Timber and other rlYees, Wood and Underwood.4 upon the same Pieces or Parcels of Demesne Land; and His Majesty is also intitled to the first Right of Feed and Pasturage <Jver 4 the whole Regard of the said Forest for the Vert and Feed of 4 His Majesty's Deer: And whereas Thomas Thifilth way te Esquire 4 is Hereditary Warden oF the said Forest, and in right thereof is 4 entitled to certain Privileges and Patronage within and over the said Forest, to him, his Heirs and Assigns, so long as the same shall remain a Forest, upon certain Conditions expressed in the Grant of such Office: And whereas the said several other smaller Districts,

4 called Purlieus, belong, or are claimed to belong to the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Win hcjler, the Right Honourable Lord 4 Stowe!, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Powcrfcourt, the I 4 Right

A«D»i81 o*

540 C. ccxviii. jo° GEO. ilL

Right Honourable the Earl of Portsmouth, the Wardei and Soho-

4 lars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejicr % near Winchester*

4 the said Thomas ThijilethwaytCy the Reverend Samuel Clarke Jer-

voise, Elizabeth Guitton Widow, Charles William Taylor Esquire, Sophia Leekt Widoyv, John Hornby Esquire, Paul Minchin Esquire, George Gamier Esquire, James Amyatt Esquire, and other Persons, of different Extents and Proportions, as their own respettive Demesne Estates, together with all the Timber and other Trees and 4 Underwoods upon the same respectively; but subject to such Right 4 of Feed for His Majesty's Deer, and to Common Rights as afore-

- 4 said: And whereas the Boundaries, Perambulation or Regard of

4 the said* Foreit extend over the said several Parishes, Townshipi 4 or Hamlets or Part thereof, of Sohertony Hamlledon, Catheringtori, EUndworth, Bedhampton>' Kingston, Portijfaie otherwise 4 Portsea, Farlington, Wymering, Widley, Southzuick, Wrjl Bur hunt, Portchester, Wicor and Wickham, or some of them: And whereas 41C. 3. (U. K.) 4 an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His c. 109. 4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for eonfolidating in one A3 cer-

4 lain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclrfure; and for facilifating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the 4 passing of such ActsAnd whereas the Wade Lands of the said Forest were heretofore of great Value and Utility from the Timber 4 and'Underwood thereon, which of late Years have been very much.4 injured, and in many Parts totally deilroyed, and the Soil thereof,

4 in its present uncultivated State, is but of small Value, either to 4 His Majesty or to the other Persons interestd therein, but from 4 its Contiguity to His Majesty's Dock Yard of Portsmouthy if the said Forest were, difafforeded and- tht; Open Commonable Lands .4 within the same were divided, allotted and inclosed, and if the 4 present Demefncs of the Crown and the Allotment to the Crown,

4 as hereinafter mentioned, were set apart for the Growth and Ptefer-vation of Wood and Timber, the lame would be of great Benefit 4 and Advantage to His Majesty and to the Publick in general, as

4 well to the several Persons having Property ami Rights in the

4 said Forest: And whereas it hath been {lipuldicd by and between

4 the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'*

4 Treasury, with the Advice of the Surveyor General of His Majesty'*

4 Woods, for and oil Behalf of His Majesty and the said Thomas 4. ThiJllcthwaylCy and the said several Persons called Purlieu Qvvmrsy 4 that the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for 4 difafforefting the said Forest, and Loss of Privileges and Patronage 4 as aforesaid, and obtaining His said Majesty's Consent, and the 4 Consent of the said Warden to the passing this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, should be as follows, (videlicet) $ All those Pieces 4 or Parcels of L?.nd within the West Walk* one Piece whereof 4 being Part and Parcel of the District commonly called the Purlieu 4 belonging to the Earl of Portsmouthy within the said Walk, con-4.taming One hundred Acres, abutting Noith on the said Demcfue 4 Lands of the Crown, within the said West Walk, South ou the 4 Allotment next hereinafter mentioned, East on the Land called the*Purlieu -of. the Earl of Portsmouthy and West upon the said Dc« 4 mesne Lands of the Crown 111 Part, and in other Part on the fan*c 4 next hereinafter mentioned Allotment; one other Piece, containing 4 Oue hundred and fifty Acres, being Part and Parcdof the Lar*d

4 culled

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. C. ccrviii.

called the Purlieu of the said George Gamier, abutting North in«Part on the same DemeTne Lands of the Crown, and in other Part

on the said la(l mentioned Allotment, South on the Land called the

Purlieu of the said Lord Viscount Ponverfcourt, East on the Land

called the Purlieu of the said Earl of Portsmouth, and West on

the Land called the Purlieu of the said George Gatnier; and also

all those Pieces or Parcels of Land in the East Walk, one Piece

whereof being Part and Parcel of the Land'called the Purlieu be-

longing to the See of Wmthjler, in the said East Walk, contain-

ing Two hundred and thirty live Acres and Thirty seven Perches, abutting North and East on the said Land called the Purlieu belonging to the said See of Winchester, South on the Land called 4 the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte, and West on the; 4 said Demesne Lands of the 'Crown in the said East Walk; one 4 other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called thq Purlieu 4 of the said Thomas Thiftlethwayte in the said East Walk, containing Fourteen Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, abutting 4 North on the said: Demesne Lands of the Crown, South on the 4 Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thyffletbivayte, East 4 on the said last mentioned Allotment, and Wtdl on the Land called 4 the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte; and all those Two 4 Pieces or Parcels of Land in the said East Walk, one Piece whereof 4 being Part and Parcel of and belonging to the Land Called the 4 Purlieu of the said See of Winchester, in the said East Walk, containing Seventy-three Acres, and bounded as follows, on the North 4 by the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, on the 4 South by the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thijlletkwayte, on the East by incldfed Lands at Hipley, and on the Well 4 in Part by the inclosed Lands of the said Thomas Thifllethwayte, and in other Part by the inclosed Lands of die 'feid John Hornby, and the other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the 4 Purlieu of the said John Hornby, containing Twenty seven Acres, bounded on the North by'the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, South upon the said last mentioned Allotment, East 4 upon the said last mentioned Land called the Purlieu of the See of 4 Winchester, and West upon the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thifllethwayte; which said several Pieces or Parcels of 4 Land contain together Six hundred Acres: But inasmuch* however, as the said Forest cannot be difaftorested, nor the other 4 Porposes before mentioned effected, without the Aid and Authority '.f Parliament: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Bain-bridge, of Guildford Street, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, William Pearce, of Craig1 s Court, in the City and Liberty of We/imin/ler, Gentleman, and George Barnes, of Andover, in the County of Hants, Land Surveyor, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed in manner, hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Open Common ible Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, except the Six hundred Acres hereinbefore mentioned and described, and for carrying

into

541

Commissioner*.

54*

C. ccxviiu

A.D. 1810*

4] G. 3. (U. K.) C. 109.

For appointing new Commit-boner*.

So* GEO. III.

into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such man* ner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act 5 And that all Acts, Matters or Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners for effecting the Purposes aforeLid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters and Things had bees done and executed by all tbc^Commissioners herein nominated and appointed.

II. And be it further*enacted, That in case the said William Ptarcet or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Bishop of Win* chester for the time being, and the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College, - of Winchc/hrf near Winchester, and their Successors for the time being, by any Writing under their Common Seals, within One Month after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, by Notice in Writing, ligned by any of the said Commissioners, to be left at the usual Plate of Abode of the said.Lord Bishop and at the said College, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Divifioa and Inclosure) to be a Comraifijoner in the Room or Stead of the said William Pearcey or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead so dying or refuiing or becoming incapable to act as afore said, and* so from time to time, as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Lord Bishop and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks as aforesaid, dial] die, refuse, neglect. or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said Thomas Ba\nbriige, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner irt his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act and of the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners^ interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchester for the time being and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks) who shall at* tend by themselves or by their Agents or Proxies at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose at the Golden Lion in Southwici aforesaid, (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the least and of the Purpose thereof shall be given by Advertisement, signed with the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, in the Salisbury> Portsmouth and Winch cjiir Journals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers piiuted or circulated in the said County of Southampton) to nominate, elect, and appoint by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room

or

A.D. 1810»

C. ccrrlih

543

50° GEO. IH.

mr Stead of the said Thomas Bainbrtdgc or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, id dying or refuting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and Co from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Purlieu Owners shall die, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said George Barnes, or any Person to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, shall die or refuse to ad, of become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, the major Part in Value (Tuch Value to be ascertained according to the Land Tax Assessment for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors 6f Land and Hereditaments within the said Several and re-ipedive ParisheS and Places entitled to any Right of Common in, over or upon th.e said Commonable Lands and Grounds (other than and* except the said Lord Bishop of W'mchtjlery and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Sucoessors and Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, to whom other Powers of Nomination are hereinbefore given, and their respective Heirs, Successors and Assigns) who fhsfll be present in Person, or by theic respective Agents or Proxies duly authorise! for such Purpose, at a Meeting to be balden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertisemerit shall be given by any Five or more of such Owners and Proprietors in the Sa/i/bury, Portsmouth and Winchcfier Newspapers, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers circulated in the fard County of Southampton, shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the.Hands of the major Part in Value of them the said Owners and^Proprietor* and Agents ot Proxies aforesaid, a proper Person or Persons ^not jnterdled in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commif-honer in the Room or Stead of the said George Barnes, or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of him so dying, or refuting to ad or becoming incapable of acting as* aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such Case or Cases shall happen; and every. Commissioner.so to be nominated and.appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the* Oath prescribed in.that behalf, have the like Power and Authority, for carrying the said recited Act and-this Ad into Execution, and shall be fubied and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be* it enacted, That if the said Lord If Purlieu Bishop of Winrhrjler> and the said .Warden arid Scholars Clerks for Owner*, &c. the time -being, or the said Persons commonly called Purlieu Own- ne^le&toap-erey or the said Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, either or P1!1"1 "*w any of them respectively, lhaH make Default in nominating and ap- JJ"e preCbribeKl*^pointing any new'Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and ap- time, thea£u»£ pointed by him and them respectively as aforesaid, within the respec- Gwumissioner* to live times for that Purpose limited and in manner aforesaid, then, make such Ap. and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fur- Pomtaieut* viving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands or hi? Hand, within One Month next after the Expiration of such respective Times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner* as aforesaid, to nominate and

appoint

544

C. ccxYiii.

Commifflonm n#*g!e£Hn^ to attend Meetings co»fj(lrrf»tl as .a Kciu&l lo act.

A Stirepy^ror

Surveyor* to he appointed.

50° GEO. III. A.D. 18190.

appoint a proper Person (not intenefted in the said Dinsion and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refuting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner io nominated and appointed shall, after taking and ftibfcribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited A & and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject. and liable to the like Rules; Regulations and Reltridions, as if he had been originally nominated*a Commissioner in-and by this Act.

IV. Provid-.d also, and be it enacted, That if arty of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, shall refuse or negle'd to attend at the first Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying, this Adjnto / Execution, and duly qnalify himself by taking and fubftrlbing-the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, 'or if any of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said first Meeting wilfully absent himfetf from any Three following successive Meetings appointed to-be holden by virtue of this -Aft, Or having been absent from Two successive Meetings* shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known. tQ him, either by his being prefept at the Appointment thejeof*or''Notice thereof .irt Writing having been given'to him or lefV, at-bis last or usual Place of-Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, ; and 'such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness of other reafoft-able .Cause, to be allowed by the other-.Commissiorters, from attending qr continuing at/fpeh Meetings; or.if any CommTlJoiier. to be nominated and appointed fir m^nner.by this Act directed shall not attend and qualify hitrtfelf to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this A it, at the First Meeting of the said Comm ifiiojifers after his Nomination or Appointfnent, 6r shall thereafter; wilfully abfeut bim-felf from Three following successive Meetings to' be' holden by virtue of this Act, or having been/ absent from Two successive; Meetings shall-n6t attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such -Meetings being known tp lum, either by his beidg present at the Appointment; thereof or Notice thereof in Writing having been-given to him, or left at his last qr usual Place of Abode by the Clerk, of Clerks. to the said Commissioners, anditich Commissioner not being prevented by Sickoefs oc other teasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioner^, fronv attending or continuing at such Meetings ; th£n apd in every of.such Cases such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, as-foon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their. Hands and.Seals, to nominate and appoint fomc fit and proper Person or Persons (not interefied in the fail intended Divifiori ard Inclofute) to be a Surveyor Or Surveyors for the Purpose of viewing, surveying and'measuring the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorised and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after such Nomination and Appointment, to view, survey and measure the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the same, and to deferibe and lay down the same by way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be

annexed

A.D. 1810.

C. CCXYliL

J4S

$o* GEO. Ill

annexed thereto shall be set forth the Number of Acres and Decimar

Pans of an Acre of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

and Grounds, and the federal Buildings and Encroachments made

thereon, and of what such Encroachments respectivcjy consist, and

the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the same ;

and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall. Survey to be de-

have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they Jj."erpJ.1he

shall by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands ap- certified oa

prize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place o^.

for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice

at the lead shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners, at

which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the

said Commissioners present at such Meeting his or their Survey and

Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the same with his

or their Name or Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners,

who shall attest the same; and the said Surveyors shall lake and sub-

icribe the following Oath; that is to lay,

J A. B. do swear, That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Oath.

Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King

George the Third, intituled, An AQfor difafforefling the Forest 4 of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Soutn-

ampton; and for inclofng the Open Commonable Landi within the 4 feud ForejlI have taken a true and exact Admeasurement and 4 Survey of Part of the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds 4 directed by the said Act to be inclosed, and of all the Buildings 4 and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the same, to 4 the best of my Judgment and Ability; and that the Survey, Map 4 or Plan, and Book of Reference, whereunto I have now set my 4 Hand, are and do contain a just and true Description, Survey and 4 Admeasurement and Account of such Part of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and of all the BuilJmgs and Encroachment8 in and upon the same, with the Names of the several 4 Persons holding and enjoying the same respectively, and that the 4 same were made and taken by me according to the best of my 4 Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true Intent and 4 Meaning of the said Act, without Fayour, Affection or Partiality,

4 to any Person or Persons: And I do further swear, that I will 4 faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my 4 Skill and Judgment, execute the several other Trails reposed in 4 me as a Surveyor by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or 4 Afsection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the said Commissioners to admioifter; and the said Oath when so taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said For eleftingnew Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid or either of them, or any Sweyor* in tt£i other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall die or refuse or neglect to act or become incapable of efting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then,

-50 Geo. III. Nn and.

C.ccrviiL

A.D. 1810.

54*

50° GEO. III.

and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for die bid Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals* to nonti« nate and appoint some other tit and proper Person (not interested in die said Divifipn and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor so dying* refusing or negfecting to ad or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the find recited Act and this Act $ and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities* and shall be fulled and liable to the like Rules* Regulations and Restrictions as it he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Act* SaTveyortomakt

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently-may be the said Surveyor shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan as well of all Messuages* Cottages and Sckes thereof as of all Lands and Grounds in whatsoever Manor* Parish* To wo ship, Hamlet or Place the same are fit ante, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the same respectively are entitled to a Right of Commonage upon the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be indofed by virtue of this Act or any Part thereof save and except such Lands and Grounds as have teen already surveyed and are hereafter directed not to be again surveyed or planned) and shall enquire and find out and in and by the Survey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Reference to the lame, set forth a minute and exact Account of all and singular the Premises so surveyed* und the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof* respectively, thereby dilUnguiming such of the^Premises as are of Freehold Tenure from such as are of Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenures* and of what particular Manors or Loidships or Persons the said Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenements are severally and respectively holden*

Proprietors pro-

VIII. And be it further enacted* That it shall and may be law-ducing approved ful for any Person or Persons having in his, her or their Custody or

Surveys, &c. Possession any actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands

tol* called Purlieus, or of any of the Lands or Grounds in respect whereof

foe.them. the Owners or Occupiers of the lame are entitled to Rights of Common, to produce and deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans to the said Commissioners at such time or times as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners thereupon shall enquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering such Surveys, Maps and Plans respectively as of such other Perfop or Persons as they shall think fit* (which Uath the said Comnuflionera are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Survey* Map and Plan; and in ail Cases where the said Commissioners shall be finished that fitch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made* and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey (hut not otherwise) they the said Commifibners shall deliver the same over to the said Surveyors, with Directieas to infect and copy the same into the Sui> veys of the Lands called Pur!icust or of the Lands the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled td asy Right of Common* iestead of making a new Admeafiivecnent and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so oomprifed and delicribed in the Maps and Plans aforesaid j and that the said Commifioners shall dUbw* pay and satisfy for such approved Surveys, to the Peifoa or Perfouto whom the same shall be*

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. III. £.ccrviil.

long', such Soon and Sntn* of Money as the said Commissioners fltaH think proper, out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act*

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which frail be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing and executing this Act, the said Commissioners and Clerks to the said Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers of this Act, shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, for each Day he or they shall be attending in and about the Execution thereof, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necefla'iy for that Purpose, the same to include and be in Satisfaction of all Costs and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which he or they shall be put to in executing the same; and that the Surveyors shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or the said reeited Ad, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings; and in such Cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Ad, Matter or Thing to be done or proposed to be dooe in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies, whose Acts or Votes shall be as efledaai ns if such Proprietors were present in Person.

X. And be it further entded. That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the Golden Lyon at Southwick aforesaid, on the Second Day of July next, or as soon after as Circumstances will admit t and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the several Churches or Chapels of Sober ton, Hamble dor*, Catktrington, Blendworthy Bedhambton, Kingston, PortifTaie otherwise Portsea, Far ling ton, Wymering, Wydiey, South wick, Wtfi Burhunt, Portchester, Witor and Wickham, and also a like Notice by Advertise->aest to be inserted in the Sa&sbury, Portsmouth and Wm.chester Jour* uals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaperl tofumlly circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place of their first and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Act vested in them. Eight Days at least before the timet appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, mid to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case none of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day, Dot exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the same or some other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Forest, and the Commissioners or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof Co the absent Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all other Publick Notices jmquifite or neoeflary to be given by the said Commissioners shall be

N n 2 given

§4?

Compensation for lominiifiohers, Clrrks, and Suiw vejon.

Meetings and Notices thereof.

Other Notices how to he given*

54*

C. ccxviii.

$t>° GEO. in.

A.D. 1810.

For shortening

Boundary

Fences.

Haims ofRights to be produced.

Power for Commissioners to settle Disputea.

Coomissionm not to determine Tide to EfUtet.

Power to assess Cofb relative to

given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said S*Jisbury % Port/* mouth and IVlneheJier Joumalj % if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapera usually circulated in the said County of Southampton.

All. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fence* between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the said respective Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the same Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (with the Con Cent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the said Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made) to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any ad* joining Parish or Parishes, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so let out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners in and by their Award shall order and direct, and the same shall for ever thereafter as between such Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes j any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or Interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by themselves or their Agents deliver their respectiye Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, ex pressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and, inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the same respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they shall assign and set out the Several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin or Possession of the Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or respect whereof such Allotment shall be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners

C. ccxviii.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEO. IH.

shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Hifputea Ckim» Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance Objections. Of this or of the said recited Act, fee cause to award any Coils, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Coils and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the pub* tick Account for or towards the Expence occasioned in or relating to the invpfligating, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Comir.iflioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Chje&ions shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled 5 and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Cods and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Cods and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so dif-crained and fold, after deducting the Cods and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per- Parties may try fons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, intereded or d»cir>y claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and Allot- ments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Intereds whatsoever, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate io dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next Affixes, or at the Affixes following the next to be holden for the said County of South* rnmpton; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue agaiufl the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subie& of their Determination shall be of such a Nature as will affect the Persons in general intereded in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall and he, (he or they is and are hereby re-.quired to name 'in Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto,

V file Common Bail, and accept One or mure Issue or ifrues whereby

No 3 such

'm

Or Detenu! na-

tt jn of Commissioners to be final.

In case of Death

of Parties before Actions brought, th#* lame to be carried on and dr-fended La their

Names.

Persons in Possession not to be moleiked without due Giurfe of Uw.

C. eexvin. jo* GEO. III. A-Dt.it

such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby infilled oft may be tried and determined, such Fflue or Iffuet to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or A&ioas shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same; and the Verdict or Verdicts which (bail be given in such Action or Actions (Iiall be binding, final and conckifive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefe the Court wherein such Action or A&tou* (halt be brought shall set aside such Vcrdi& or Verdiets, and order a near Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdi A or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Conmuffioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials in which the said Commissionera shall be Defendants; the Gofts and Charges payable by the said Commissionera in such Action or A&iont shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it esacted, That the Determination of the said Commissionera touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or InterdU in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall, (in case such Determination shall not be so objected to, or being objected to, such Ao tion or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpose mentioned) be final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, . Body and Bo-dies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or A&iona, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such A&ioo or Actions against the Person or Persons fb dying, to bring the same within the time so limited a9 aforesaid, against such Person or Per* fons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissionera with Process for commencing such Action nr Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforefek^ to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIX. Provided aUb, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to amble the said Coomissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession

of

ADaSio.

jo* GEO. III.

C. ccxyuL

5 Si

of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachment) $ hut ia case the said Commissioners mail be of Opinion agaiuft the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession* they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or otbnr due Course of Law.

XX. Provided always* and be it enacted* That no such Differ* TrUh net to enoe* Dispute or Proceeding* touching the Title to any Lands* Tene* ^fPew! d* ments or Hereditaments* dull impede or delay the said Commissioners T^tio" in the Execution of this Act* but the Division or Inclosure hereby^A^m directed to be made* shall be proceeded ia notwithstanding any such Difference* Suit or Proceeding} and the bud*Commissioners shall*

by proper Marks and Bounds* (et out the Lands and Grounds which mall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property* so that the same may be difUnguished from any other Lands and Grounds* and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons* Body or Bodies Pontick* Corporate or Collegiate* who upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit shall be entitled to the same.

XXI. Provided nevertheless* and be it enacted* That nothing Commissioners herein contained shall extend to preclude the said Commissioners from may adjudge adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Land* in Ql»nuynd virtue whereof any Person or Persons shall be allowed to have a

Right of Common upon the bud Open and Commonable Lands and c£nt Manages Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted or indofed* or any confidrred of Part thereof* but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby equal Valu*. authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and* every such Lands respectively* and rate and estimate the same at to them shall feetn just and reaibnable* according to the real Value thereof for the Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value anting from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; and such their Judgment and Determination mall be bioding and condutise upon all Parties whotnsoever: Provided also* that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the fold Commissiooers or any of them to coaider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof* in respect of which any Right of Common (hill be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Building* or Scite thereof* but the said Commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings and Scites thereof at an equal Value one with another* and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XXII. And be it further enacted* That if any Person or Persons* Trial of Ptrochiat

Body or Bodies Politick* Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider him- Boundaries by fell*, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determi- 10 Iffb* hair nation of the said Comnuflkmers* respecting the Limits or Boundaries Appnl

of any Parish* Manor, Town ship, Hamlet* District or Place upon

the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided* allotted and indofed* or of any Parish* Manor* Town-(kip, Hamlet* District or Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners* pursuant to the find recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His prefab Majesty* and shall by Writing under their* his or her Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners* within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, of his, her or their Desire to have the same determined by an Issue at Law* instead of

N n 4 an

AfD.tSi(u

55a C. ccxYiiu 50° GEO. III.

an Appeal to*the Quarter-Sessions, under the Provision of the last recited Act, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so difiatisfied with such Determination, to hare the same ascertained by Trial of an I flue at Law under the Provision* of this Act in case of any disputed Right or Claim.

Taking Turf. XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person* shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever (other than and except the said Persons called Purlieu Owners* or Owners of Soil respectively, for the Purpose of digging or searching for, and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Roads) then, and in every such Case, on due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath, which Oath the said Commissionerb are hereby empowered to administer, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Tensity. Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dif-

stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Coils and Charges attending such Distress and Sale} and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Cods, Charge* and Expences of obtaining and executingthis Ad.

Persons who have XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-enjoyeti Com- fons, being Owner or Owners of any Mefiuages, ancient Buildings

monage for or Scites thereof, Lands or Tenements, in whatsoever Manor, Pa-

c^Ted'ered^* rish, Township, Hamlet, District or Place the same are situate, the

have a Right Owners or Occupier* whereof for the time being, have for Twenty

of Common. Years last pad had and actually enjoyed any Right or Rights of

Common, upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Ground* to be divided, allotted and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for or in respect of such Mefiuages, ancient Buildings, Scites, Lands or Tenements respectively, slave and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which such Usage shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than such U(age, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the same respectively, in the same Proportion as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively shall be entitled unto, regard being had to the particular yearly Value of their respective Estates, in respect whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to such Right «f Common: Provided never-thelcfs, that the Provision last hereinbefore contained shall not any wife affect any Parishes, Hamlets, Places or Persons having or claiming Right of Common on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall claim under such Provision, if they shall be able to support such Claim independent of such Enjoyment, in case the same shall happen to be objected to or contested,

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxvlii.

50° GEO. lit

553

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroach* Encroachments ments made on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, (ex- w tealloubJe. cept His Majesty's said Land} within the respective Manors or Places

in which the same are situate, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now lad past, and for which no Licence,

Cenfent or Grant shall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of such respective Manors, or Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of tho Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act* as if the same were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners powrr to turn shall and may turn or abate and flop up, or cause or order to be and stop Koad* turned or abated and stopt up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way,

Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the said Old Inclofunes within the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections as in the said recited A & of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and required in the Case of setting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter-Sessions as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVIL And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotments for shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be Repair* of Road* after setting out public* Roads and Highways as by the said recited Act of the Forty first. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed, to set out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places within which the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed respectively lie, so much and such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, (other than and except Hi9 Majesty's said Lands and the said Six hundred Acres hereinafter directed to be veiled in and awarded to the King's Majesty, and to the said Thomai Thijllcthwaytc in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the said Forest) for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs from time to time for ever of the

?ublick and private Roads and Highways within such respective 'arises, Townships, Hamlets and Districts; and the Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be vetted in such Persons as the said Commissioners shall allot the same unto.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissionen lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby em- empowrmi to powered to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs turn Waier-and Watercourses, within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to , ourfca-be divided, allotted and inclosed to be carried and conveyed in such Courses and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think tfecefiary and proper for the Purpose* aforesaid: Pro-aided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Water-goiirfes, shall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Per-

3 son

L»r*1 to be ibid for Payment of Expences.

Surplus produced by Sales divided between Proprietors in Fee according to their Interests.

C. ccrriii. 50° GEO. III. A.D. 1810.

(m or Persons from sod into whose Land* the bme Kill be carried

or conveyed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Comniffionecw shall mark and set out such Part and Parti of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be dt- trided, allotted and inclosed (other than and except His Majesty's kid Lands, and the said Six hundred Acres (o hereinafter ve wed in and awarded to the King'* Majesty, and to the said Thomas ThtJHsihaparta in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the said Forest as aforesaid) as by the Sale thereof, will, in the Judgment of the said Cona-snissioners, raise a fufficieat Sum of Money, to defray and discharge all the Costs, Charges and Ex peaces incident to and attending the obtaining and palfitig of this Act, and of preparing and tnralliitg the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and of surveying* admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and allotting the Lands sod Grounds to be divided, feneed, allotted and mdosed, by virtue of this Act. and of surveying, admeasuring and planning fad1 other Lands as shall by virtue of this Act be surveyed, vneafured mad planned, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their AJ-feFors, Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Persont to be employed by the said CommiU (ioners in and about the same, and all the Expences of formings completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and High* ways, to be set out by the said Commissioners as afo refold, and aO Other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper, and so from time to time as often as they shall think necessary, to fell by publick Sale by Auction, in the manner and subject to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act unto any Ferfon or Pferfons, such Part or Parts of the said Opes Common* able Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they shall mark and set out and deem fufficieat fee the Purposes a fore fa id, amPthe Purchase Mosey of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the said Com* mtlftoners, and the Rcoeipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for such Purchase Money, shall he a fufficsent DHcharge to the Pur* chafer or Purchasers for the same; and immediately after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Furchafev* the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land (o pnrohafed bj him, her or them, shall by virtue of this Act become vetted in built her or them, and his, twr and their rvfoedive Heirs and Aftns, in absolute Fee Simple, and shall be inclosed and held in Severalty, by the Pur. chafer or Purchasers thereof respectively as his, her or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners, and the kid Purchase Money kail be app&d in defraying such Charges and Expenses as aforckid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parte of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be sold as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than wiQ be required to defray such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, such Surplus Mooey shall ho divided and apportioned, between the Several Purlieu Owner* and

other

JLD.iSid.

C. ecxviil.

sss

5o° GEO. m.

other Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby dimmed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, (except the Surveyors of the

Highways, in respect of their Allotments as Surveyors as aforesaid) in such Shares as shall be in proportion to such their respective Property, Rights and Interests $ and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allot* mats shall be paid to them vespectively; and the Shares of sech Other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be

rlied ana difpofad of in maimer directed by the said recited Act of Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same.

Uses.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any PersonVr Persons Money sdranre* shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Ex- wi|h pences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the same I, ltcrdl*

Into Execution, every fu<A* Penba shall be repaid the lame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* out of the First Monies that shall be raffed or received by the said Comtnissioners by virtue of this Act for defraying Inch Expences.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That m case any* of Personi drGrous the Persons interested in the said intended Divifioa and Indoiunr, p*y'*»sin shall ho de&rous of having the whole of their respective Shares and'#aw?P* Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, set out and al« Sale, lotted to them without any Abatement for or in respect of the Sales hereinbefore directed for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by them-schres or Agents signify the same in Writing to the said dommissioners at the time of delivering in their respective Claims as herttn-befoy directed, or within such time afterwards as shall be limited and prescribed by the said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and reauired to set out and allot to such Persons respectively, all such Shares and Proportions of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds as they would have been feverany^entitkd to under and by virtue of this Act, in case no Provision had been hereby made for Sale of any Part of the same Lands or Grounds, and without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever on that Account, and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, their Heirs or Aingns, for or in respea of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of Carrying this Act into Execution; the same to be paid and recovered in such and the same manner and under such and the same Powers and Authorities as hereinafter provided in respect to any Deficiency in the Monica to arise by Sale aa afore laid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall give to the said Commissionera any Power to charge such Persons interested as aforesaid, with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Saks hereinbefore directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Monies to Surplus Ex-be raided by fetch Sale as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to pay and peiu-es of Aa defray all the Cods, Chams and Expences as aforesaid, then the°*

Deficiency bJ «"*

C. QCXvHj,

AD.ifiii

55*

5b0 GEO. III.

Deficiency shall be borne and paid by the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, or Persong interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, (except the Lord Bishop of Wtnchester and the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Sa; nt Mary College of W'tnchester near Winchester* and their respective Successors, and also except the Surveyors of Highways in respect of the Allotment* hereby directed to be made to them as Surveyors) in such Parts* Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons* and at such times and manner as the said Commissioners shall in ?nd by their said Award, or by any other Writing or Writings* under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct and appoint, according to the Value of their respective Allotments in the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required from time to time and as often as they shall deem it necessary*and proper, either before or after the Execution of their said Award* to raise the Amount of such Deficiency, by a Rate or Rates accord-- fogty*^d in case any such Persons called Purlieu Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share, Part or Proportion of such Coils, Charges and Expences, according to such Order, Di» redlion and Appointment as aforesaid, then, and in such Case* the same shall and may be levied and recovered iB manner directed the said recited Act

Allotment* to XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

ike King. passing of this Act there shall be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his and their own proper Demesne Lands and Estates, all and Angular the said Lands hereinbefore mentioned to be His Majesty'* Demesne Lands, confiding of Three Parcels of Land situate and being in the East Walk, and West Walk aforesaid, and containing in the whole Nine hundred and twenty nine Acres, and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, and now distinguished from the other or remaining Lands, and also so much and such Part and T*arts of the said Open and Compionable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres, and mentioned to be stipulated between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the said Thomas ThiftU-thwayte and the said several Persong, called Purlieu Owners, as the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for dilaf-forefting the said Forest and Loss of Privilege and Patronage as aforesaid, as shall be awarded to the Xing's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by John Vernon of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex* Esquire, Nathaniel Kent of Craig9* Court, in the City and Liberty of IVefaninJIcr, Gentleman, and Abrahqm Purfioufe Driver of the Kent Road, Land Surveyor, their Umpire or any Two of them the Persons elected and chosen to arbitrate between His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas Thfllethwayte* together with all and singular Ere&ions, Buildings, Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood Handing and being thereon respectively} and which said Lands and Hereditaments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Paf» ture and Turban, Common of Eftovers* ana other Rights of what

Naturq

A.D. 1810.

$o° GEO. III. C. ccxviiU S57

Nature or Kind soever* of all and singular the Persons called Purlieu Owners* Freeholders* Copyholders, Lessees* Tenants and Inha* bitants of the said several Panfhes* Townships, Hamlets or Places of Soberton, Hamble don, Catherington, Bluid<worth, Bedhamfion, King-Jion, Porlijfaie otherwise Port/ea, Farlirtgton, Wymering, Widley, South-wich, West Bur hunt, Portchtjler, IVicor and Wickham, and every of them* their Heirs, Succeflora and Assigns, and shall be made and kept by and under the Direction and Care of His Majesty'g Surveyor General of Woods for the time being, under the Order

and Controul of the Lords of the Treasury, as Nurleries for Wood and Timber only* and for no other Use* Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enact^d, That the said Commissioners Commlflioner* ti

shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many pri-^l

vate Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to His Majesty, Allouneni*^*his Heirs* Successors and Assigns, and nis Surveyor General of his

Woods, and the Deputy* Clerks and Servants of such Surveyor General* convenient Access to the same Allotments and to his laid Lands.

XXXVI. .And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- to

ing of this Act, there shall be veiled in the said Thomas Thijlle- "J. JT

tbwayte, his Heirs and Afligus (exclusive of any other Allotment pcllution oi hb* or Compensation to be made to him by virtue of this Act as Owner Rights as War-of the Soil, or for Commonage in respect of any Mefliiages, Cot- deaoi the Fuieft, tages, Scites, Lands or Tenements in his Possession or Occupation*

or his Tenants or Lessees) so much and such Part or Parts being the Rest and Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands ana Grounds hereinbefore described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres as aforesaid* and mentioned to be stipulated between the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the said Thomas Thiftletkwayte, and the said several Persons called Purlieu Owners, as such Consideration as aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Compensation to the said Thomas Thtfilethwayte for his Loss of Privilege and Patronage as such Warden of the said Forest upon difafForesting the same* as shall be awarded to the said Thomas Thifilethwayte, his Heirs or Assigns, by the said John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver, or any Two of them; and the same shall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the said Thomas Thijlle tbwayte, his Heirs and Assigns* freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Right of Common whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award of the Award iurolled. (laid John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver*

be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue* there to remain on Record* and shall afterwards be filed and preferred among ft the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, such Award or the Inrolment thereof to be produced* read and received in Evidence on all Occa-dons where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Thomas Thijllethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns* in respect of the Parts and Proportions of the said Six hundred Acres of Open or Commonable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore mentioned and described* and veited in them respectively under and br virtue of this Act.

5S«

Apportioning the I trveral Portion* to beat an equal Share in ihe King'* Allotment, and in Mr. Tluftlethwayte's, f"r difaffurefting Forest.

Lands to be appropriated building uf Qiajxrls.

C. ccxriii. $o6 GEO. 1ft A.D. 1818

XXXVIII. And be it further enacteed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby aotho* rized, empowered and directed to fever from the Lands called Pur* lieu* of each Person called Purlieu Owner, whose Lands shall not have contributed to the said Six hundred Acres hereinbefore di*. reded to be awarded to the King* Majesty and the said Thomas Thijlkthwayte, as such Consideration as afore said, so much and such Part or Parts of his, her or their Land or Laods respectively, or otherwise make such a Compensation as will be a proportionate Con* ^deration to and as much as such Person Purlieu Owner ought in the Judgment of the said Commissionert to bear and contribute to* wards making good unto the said other Persons called Purlieu Owners out of whose Lands called Purlieus, such Six hundred Acres shall be so taken and made to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, and to the said Thomas TbsfLthwayli, his Heirs and Assigns respectively, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and allot the same in like manner as if the same Six hundred Acres had originally been taken in rmiil Shares from every Division of Land called Purlieu within the said Forest, in order to do equal Justice to all the Owners of such Lands.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the said Forest shall have been completed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to (eparate and set apart such Pieces or Parcels of the Said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and tudosed, and in such Place or Places in the same as they Audi think proper (other than and except His Majesty's said Lands and the Said Six hundred Acres so directed to be awarded to the King's Majesty and the said Thomas Thifile thwayte as aforesaid) as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commis* fioners, (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to Ten Acres, at the Average Value of the same Lands and Grounds, and to allot and award the said Ten Acres unto and for the fad Lord Bishop of Wincheftety and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks for the time being, Thomas Thifllcthwayte Efqutre, and Georgs Gamier Esquire, to Ire respedivdy held and enjoyed by the respeaive Persons aforefad, and their Succefibrs and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons as may be duly appointed to Serve as Minister or Ministers of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, coniecrated and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecclesiaittcal of this Realm, within the said Forest, for the Use of such Person and Persons as may from time to time inhabit Houles upon the said Forest $ and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minister or Ministers to such Chapel or Chapels shall be and is hereby vested in the said Lord Bishop of Winch rRcr, and the fad Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Succefibrs for the time being, such No* mi nation and Appointment to be made by them alternately, the First Nomination and Appointment to be made by the said Lord Bishop of W'tnehefer, and his Succefibrs for the time being; and untfl a Chapel or Chapels shall be so built and consecrated, and a Minister br Ministers thereof duly appointed and licensed by the said Lord Bishop, the Rents, IfTues and Profits of such Pieces or Parcels of

Land

AJD.i8lo.

C- ccxvlll

50° GEO. III.

559

Land as aforesaid ft all be by the said respective Trusteet thereof, placed out at Ioterest on Government Securities, and the Principal and littered Monies arising or to arise from such Rents and Profits Dull accumulate and be applied towards discharging the Expencet of building any Chapel or Chapels, and House or Houses which may hereafter be erected and buik within the said Forest for the Residence of the officiating Minider or Miniders of such Chapel or Chapels, and for the increasittg of the Stipend or Stipends of any Minider or Miniders who may be so nominated and appointed to officiate in such Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, or purchasing Lands for his or their Use as Glebe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment* to and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to P"1*!11 Owner set out and allot unto and for each and every Person called Pur- ^<^9jrtters lieu Owner (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and °

Successors) who shall appear to be enthral to the Soil of any Part of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and incloted (exclufiveof any other Allotments or Compensation to be made to him, her or them respectively, by virtue of this A d for Commonage* in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scitea, Lands or Tenements hi his, her or their respective Possessions or Occupations, or his, her or their respective Tenants or LeiTees) so much and such Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be indofed within his* her or their respective Portions of Soil as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Third Part of the same respectively, prior to any Allotment being made thereout as afurefwd, in lieu of and as a full Compensation lor all Right of Soil of such Person called Purlieu (

Owner or Owners in or to the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and indosed, due Regard being had by the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality and Situation of such Allotments; and such respective Third Parts shall be for ever hdd and enjoyed in Severalty by the said several and respective Persons or Purlieu Owners, and Owners of the Soil, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Rights of Common whatsoever.

XLI. And whereas the Six hundred Acres of Land.hereby vested Allotments ia in His Majesty, being taken out of different Parishes, the Perfoos lieu of Tubes, entitled to the Tithes of such Pariftes may be injured thereby; Be it therefore enacted. That out of the said Open and Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided and hxloled. Allot menu stall be made to the Persons entitled to the Tithes of such Pariftes of so much Land, and as stall be, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, a full Compensation for such Injury.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Refold* allotted stall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to let out and to Persons en-mllot the Rendue of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds 40 Com* respectively to and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to mocaSc* Conmonage in, over or upon the same respectively, or any Part or Pwts thereof respectively (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) in proportion to the real Value of their firveral and respective Messuages or Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be indofed in, -over or upon

which

V-

5$o

Riel* to Titlies n<i to be prejudiced.

After Allotments made Ki^his of ( ommoa to ceaie.

Rights of Common may be suspended or ext iugui flied before the Execution of the Award.

Owner* of Common Rights may have their Allotment* laid to* gather.

C* ccxviiL 56c GEO. lit A.D. 1810*

which their respective Rights of Common shall attend, due Regard being had in settling th# Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprised therein; and shall alto set out and award every Person's Allotment as near to hi» Messuage or Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lands and Tenements in respect wheveof he is or fhdll be entitled to Right of Common as conveniently may be.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall eatend or be construed to extend so as to prejudice, lefTen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the several -Redors, Vicars and Lay Impropriators for the time being of the said several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places of Sober ton, Hambleton, Catberington, Blcndworth, Bedhamfton, King-fan, Portiffaie otherwise Porlsea, Farlmgton, Wymcring, Wydley, South wick, Wcfi Bur hunt, Portchefar, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whom foe ver, in or to any Tithes great or small arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the same several Parities, Townships, Hamlets or Places respectively 5 but that such Great and Small Tithes shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after aH the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked or flaked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever which the said Purlieu Owners and other the Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time all Right of Common whatsoever in or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and ex-tinguished: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any time before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the several Churches or Chapels to each Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in or over the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such. Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or Exercise thereof to be fu£ pended as aforesaid, shall from the time mentioned in such Writing cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homeileads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Qjpen Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed

to

A.D. 1810.

C. ccxvlfl.

56° GEO. lit.

5*f.

to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights belonging to such Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, should be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Pareels, and shall exprelV such their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then* and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to let out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in One Allotment, and such Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direCl and appoint in their said Award.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Allotments to be said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of delineated in a the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the re- ftlcwa

spective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to 10 such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of the Day or Days, and Place where all Persons interested mav peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule so far as the same relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspectioir of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at lead, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections again It such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections, and their Determinations in the Preroifes, as to Quantity and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Persons called Purlieu Owners, or other Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, hath fold or shall at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the said Award, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over and upon the said Com* monable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest and Property fold; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Land and Ground so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner, pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the same in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property, had been veiled in such Vendee at the time of making such Sale as aforesaid.

XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be CoannKTionew lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on ofTfurY<m* behalf of His Majesty, to agree with and to purchase from any of po*1t P*-she other Persons called Purlieu Owners, or any other Person or jo Geo. III. O o Persons

Sale of Allotments before Execution of Award.

56 % C. ccxvllu5o9GEO. IH. AD>i8i<*«

Persons who shall he entitled to any Allotments of Land under this Act, all or any Part of their respective Lands, or the additional Allotments to be made to them under this Act, for the Use of the lame to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in his and their Right as of Fee; such Lands so purchased to be inclosed and appropriated* in the same manner as His Majesty's Lands and Allotments under this Act, to the Growth and Prefervatiun of Timber.

Allotmenti to XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the federal Outermost

be fenced. Dr Ring Fences of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted to the Lord Bifiiop of Winchester, and to the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Stunt Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their respective Successors, and to the several Rectors and Vicars or other Mmiflers of the said fereral Parishes, haring Rights of Common in respect of their fereral Glebe Lands and their Successors, shall be properly planted with good Quickfets and guarded on each Side with a double Row of Oak, Ash or Elm Pods and Rails, and a sufficient Ditch on each Side shall be made in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, without any Deduction or Deductions from such Allotment or Allotments* so to be made to the said several Persons entitled thereto, their respective Successors or Assigns, ' or any of them, on account of such Expences; and all such Fences, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons, who for the time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments 5 and ill Fences in pitrfuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and.Grounds shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time and in such manner as the said Conimiifioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

Fmviso for His L. And be it further enacted and declared, That His Majesty*# Rights Rights of Forest, within and over the said Forest of South otherwise ui rt-gard toD«es. j?afi otherwise Bier, shall remain and continue vested in Hi# Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force for the Protection of Deer, and for punching Persons guilty of any Offences in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in Force and Effect for the Protection of His Majesty's Deer within the Regard of the said Forest, and for the Punishment of Offenders therein, until such timet as the said Commissioners shall appoint; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to -be allotted, divided and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be actually inclosed and die Fences thereof completed before the First Day sf June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, then, and in every such Case, it fltaH be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and hill any Deer within such Allotment, without being subject to any Pain, Penalty* or Punishment for so doing.

Forest LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fir&

afteefttd. Day of Juno One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all Right of Soil and Game of Deer, and all other Torsftial Rights and Privileges

A.D.i8to<

C. ccxriil.

50° geo. nr.

563

legef whatsoever of the King's Majesty, his Heifs and Successors* and his or their Lessee or Le(Tee89 and of all other Persons whom, soever, within, upon and over the said Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bter % or the Regard thereof, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished; and the whole of the said Forest shall be difafforefted to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen shall CommiflVmm»and they are hereby required to value all Timber of every Defcrip- ra, ue tion whatsoever, and all Underwood, Bushes, Hollies and Thorns,

Heritors and Standils, which shall be standing or growing upon the said Six hundred Acres which shall be so awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas Thijlkthwayte, his Heirs and Assigns respectively as aforesaid, and also upon all the other Parts of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, except His Majority's said Lands which shall be taken from the present or former Owners thereof and transferred to or allotted to any other Person or Persons at the time of such allotting and dividing as aforesaid 1 and to direct under their Hands, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, and by whom, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, or his, her or their Lessees or Tenants, for the Timber, Underwood and Bushes,

Hollies and Thoms, Heritors and Standils, which shall be standing and growing on any Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres so to be awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Thomas Thijilcthwayte, his Heirs and Assigns, or any of the Lands so to be transferred or allotted to any other Person as aforesaid; and to call upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafunr, for Payment of the Amount of so much thereof as shall be the Value of the same, upon such Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres, as shall be so awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and who are hereby authorized and diretted to pay the same; and in case any Person or Persons shall make Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money at any time or times appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, (except such Part thereof so hereby provided for and directed as aforesaid) then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, together with the Costs and Chaiges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: Provided Phmfa» always, that in case any Person or Persons on whose Allotment or Allotments any such Timber or other Trees shall be standing or growing as aforesaid, shall not be willing to purchase the same, or shall not pay the Money so directed to be paid for the same at such time as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well as the Purchasers of such Timber, with Hoifes, Cattle and Carriages to enter into and upon the Lauds and Grounds whereon such Timber or other Trees shall be standing and growing, and to cut down and carry away the same, and the Money arising by such Sale shall, after dedudHng the necessary Charges of cutting down and felling the find Timber, be applied and disposed of in the fam6

O 0 2 manner

564

Application of Monies payable to Bishop of Wincheiter arising from Timber.

Application of other Monies.

41 G. 8. (U.K.) 1.109.

Provife.

Onaaoifficmers to allot in Exchange.

C. ccxviiu 50° GEO. III. «. A.D.iSisi

manner as fa before directed in case the said Timber had been pud for as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always9 and be it further enacted, That it (Kail and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of WincheJUr, and his Succe(Tor8, from time to time to pay and apply all of any Part of the Money which shall or may be paid to or received by him or them, or which he or they may be entitled to in Right of the Sec of Winchefer, as the Value of and for any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which shall be purchased, or taken from him and them, and conveyed, transferred or allotted to the King's Majesty, or the said Thomas Thiflletbwoyte, or any other Person or Persons, under and by virtue of this Act, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the See of WincheRer, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax, affecting any Living or Livings, in the Patronage of the said See of Winchester.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to be received by all other the Purlieu Owners Jother than and except the Lord Bishop of Winclester and his Successors for the time being) for any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, pursuant to the Clause for the Valuation thereof as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be paid for as follows; videlicet, the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee-simple of and beneficially interested in their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively, and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Trustees for Sale of the Lands in respect of which their Allotments shall be made and of the Timber ana other Trees and Underwood thereon, with Power to give sufficient Receipts and Discharges for the Monies to arise by Sale of such Timber and other Trees, and Underwood, shall be paid to such Trustees respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first 1 ear of the Reign of His prefer! t Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or HerediUu ments, to be settled to the same Uses.

LV. Provided always, and bo it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to re-strain or prevent any Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, prior to any Allotment or Allotments being made to him, her or them by virtue of this Act, from felling or cutting down any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which shall be (landing, growing or being On the Land called Purlieu or respective Purlieus of each of such Owner or Owners, and of carrying away, felling or disposing of the same in such and the like manner, in all respects as he, me or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in whatsoever Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets or Places, the same are situate, the Owners whereof

are

A.D.iSioV

50° GEO. III.

A

C. CCXVlil.

56s

re entitled in Right or in respect of the same to any Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within any of the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places, in which the said Open Com* monable Lands or Grounds respectively lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining ParHb, Hamlet, Town ship or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained. Specified and declared, in the said Award of the said CommissionerS or some other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Initru* ments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so ex* changed, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprie* tors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Comorate or Collegiate, or a Tenant Or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or. special, or by the Courteiy*of England, or for Years de*

terminable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guar*

dians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Hu (bands.

Committees or Attornies, of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Feme9 Covert, Lunatics or under aiw other legal incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise flifabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, such Consent to be tedified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Bo<Jy Politick, Corporate or Collegiate and under the Hands of the other Parties coofeoting respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual, in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided Brwifin nevertheless, that no Exchange*shall he made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Eccleliastical BeAefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the# Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecelefiattical Jurisdiction in which such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie of ho situate.

LVII. Provided always, and he it enacted, That the Costs, Charges Bxpeneesol and Expences, attending the making and completing of all Exchanges Exchange* and Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities in this Act, and w the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty*

Reign, or either of them contained, shall be paiaand borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Coirporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Allotments to the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act for or in respect remain offen* of any Freehold E dates shall be deemed and taken to be and held Tenors* and enjoyed as Freehold Estates (subject nevertheless to the Seigno-rial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the same are situate) and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates, held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to he inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are situate, shall be deemed and taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Eitat^s, and shall be held of the Lords

O o 1 of

C. ccxviii. 50 GEO. III. A'D.iSick*

of the Fee thereof under the same Rents and by the same Custom# and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now do pass.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Con-font of the respective Lord or Lords of the Manor dr Manors of whom any Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements in the (laid several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places of, Soberton, Hamblcdon, Catberington, Blend worth, Bedhamfton, King-ston, Portijfaie otherwise Portsea, Farlington, Wymcring, Widky> South wick, West Bur hunt, Portchefier, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, are or shall be bolden by Copy of Court Roll and of the \ customary Tenant or Tenants by whom any such Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements shall be respectively bolden, in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, or by any other Writing or, Writings to be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners and by such Lord or Lords and Tenant or Tenants respectively, ' or by the Husbands, Trustees or Guardians, Committees or Attornies of and for any such Tenants, being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any ether Disability or Incapacity (or under.the Common Seal of any of them, being a Body or Bodies PuHtick, Corporate or Collegiate) at any time within Twelve Calendar Months.after the Date of the Commissioners Award, to declare any such. Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements to be enfranchised* and the Tenures by which the same are holden, and the Fines, Heriots and other Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished; and that the same Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements, or any Part or Parts .thereof respectively, shall thenceforth be holden of the Lord or Lords of the lame Manor or respective Manors, either by the Rents which shall have been theretofore paid or payable in respect thereof, or by any lelfer Rent or Rents to be in such Writing or Writings ascertained and declared, oj without Rent; and in lieu of and Compensation for every such Enfranchisement, to award to the respective Lord or Lords of the same Manor or Manors such Sum or Sums of Money to be applied in the manner hereafter dine&ed, or to assign and set eut to and for such Lord or Lords respectively such Compensation, by and out of any of the Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be an Equivalent and Satisfaction for the customary Payments, Burthens and Services to which such Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements respectively shall have been subject or liable; and the Lord or Lords for the time being of the Manor to whom any such ancient Rent shall be reserved and contained, or any lesser Rent assigned, shall have the like Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of such Rents respectively as by the Laws of this Realn* are given for the Recovery of Rents, Seek Rents of Assize and Chief Rents; and from and after any such Declaration shall be made and executed, and such Sum of Money or other Compensation fliaU be paid or assigned in exchange for such Copyhold Tenure, the J-aods and Tenements in every such Declaration comprised and

6 thereby

A.D. 1810. 500'GEO. Ill, C. ccxvni. 567

thereby* expressed to be enfranchised shall be held, possessed and en* joyed by the Owner or Owners thereof paying or making such Compensation, their respective Heirs or Assigns, or other Persons claim* mg in Reversion or Remainder of the Lord or Lords of such Manors respectively, in free and common Soccage, discharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Services and Duties incident to such Tenure, and of all other Services and Payments except the Rent or Rents which may be continued or referred to such Lord or Lords in respect thereof; and the Lands or other Hereditaments so to be assigned to such Lord or Lords shall be by him or them, and by his or their Heirs, Sirccessors or Assigns, or by the Person or Persons who shall be entitled in Reversion or Remainder to such Manor or Manors respectively, held and enjoyed in Compensation for the Tenure so to be extinguished, for such and the like Estates,

1 and upon and for such Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, a3 the Manor or Manors of which the Copyhold Hereditaments so enfranchised shall be holden, shall at the time of every such Enfranchisement Hand settled and limited.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money Appropriation o| to be received for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Lands or Money. Tenements in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors respectively of whom the Copyhold Hereditaments so to be eufranchised shall at the time of the Enfranchisement thereof be holden where such Lord or Lords shall be seised of such Manor or Manors in Fee Simple; and in all other Cases the Money to be received for such Enfranchisement shall be paid and applied in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-tirfl Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

LX I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Proviso for Willi contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken awl Seulotacw. to reyoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any rerfon or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over or affecting the said Purlieus, or upon the Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Allotments so to be allotted or given io Exchange upon such Division or Inclosure thereof to the several Purlieu Owners and Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid shall, from the iigning the said Award, stand, be seised and possessed thereof respectjvely to such and the same Estates, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and lubje6l to such and the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common, and Common of Pallurage as aforesaid, and such other

O o 4 Exceptions

5«*

C. ccxviiii

jo GEO. m.

A.D. 1810.

For vacating La<Va ai Kaik JUnf*

What T>«*afe* Tenants for Life mav giaut.

For prrvnrilirg Quiikfeo tr>m brii'u damaged

ty SHee^.

RatiafaAion for

Exceptions and Prbvisions as are herein made only excepted), as the said several Purlieus, Lands and Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu thereof, or in right whereof such Allotments were and are to be made to them, respectively, stood severally limited or subject and liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments respectively or (igning the said Award.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That all the Abutments of Land to be made of the said Forest by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Houses or Lands held by Leaf© or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed therein to have been paid to the Grantors or LeiTors as the Confident ions for the same, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Houses and Lands, freed find discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees to, in or upon the said Allotments or any Part thereof, to be derived linder or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such Lessees shall think hipiself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and LefTees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the Matters in Question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee for his, her and their Loss of Commonage, or other Lodes by means of the said pivision, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation either in Money, to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Leases referred, 3s the said Commissionera shall think just and equitable,

LX 111. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord pishop of JVinehrJler for the time being and his Successors, ?nd «>!fo the said Warden and Scholars Clerk* of Saint Mary College of \Viftchester near Winchester and their Successors, shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to grant any Lease or Leases of all or any Part of the Allotment and Allotments herein directed to be made to him and them, either for Three Lives or for Twenty one Years, in such Manner and Form in all Respects as the said Loid Riftiop of Winchester and his Predecessors, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Win* cheflery and their Predecessors, are enabled to lease their Lands and Ellates within the said County of Southampton,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and do at his, her or their own Expence, fence or guard his, her or their Neighbours Quickfets adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or pambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quickfets by such Sheep or Lambs j and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons tp turn or put or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs. Horses, Asses, or other Beads or Cattle into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads on* either Side of which any newly planted Fence shall be growing.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing

unequal Shaft of to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allot-Fewces!^ it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall

Wt

A.D.iSio,

50° GEO. IHj

C. CCXviii*

5 6

proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it etui fbi the said Commissioners, where they shall judge

not have a shall be law?

reasonable, to afcertiin and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paio by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Ex pence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Exptnces of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may bt to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had to the necessary Sibdivifion Fences within the respective Allotments); and the Money u to be ascertained and applied (nail be levied and recovered in the fair* manner as the Expences of executing this Act, in case of a Deficient from the gajc of Land, hereinbefore directed to be levied and record.provided always, Prorifethat it shall and may be lawful for the fah Commissioners, at any time before executing their final Award, to mfce any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may ha\ set out an(j ordered, or in any private Roads laid, or to be laid ov^ or to fuc}j Allotments as they shall think right and expedient;d in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Aiterations, i account of any Expences he or they may have been at, the said Cmmjfljoner8 shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall k made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom, and in manner such recompence shall be made.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Awj to made Award inTpefltd by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in manner d.£e(j by the

said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign % His present Majesty, shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of t peace for the said County of Southampton, where the same shall d may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Times in the ly-time for ever hereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, payt tjjC gum of One Shilling and no more to the said Clerk of the P-e or his Deputy for every such Inspection and Perusal.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That once at lea]n ^h Account tob« and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Y- to be examined and computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Com tfioners balanced by Two shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Stment Magistrates or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of them .eived % aau* and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Exptes in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account^f0 made (together with the Vouchers relating thereto! shall be by*^ if Required, laid before two of His Majesty's Justices of the ^.e for the said County of Southampton (not interested in the said intend Division and Inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced Justices being hereby authorized to take or call such Aid and Alv ance in such Examination as they shall think tit, and to charge tk incidental Expences) and the Balance shall be by such Justices state in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerks tt the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Account!

shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in the Law unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And whereas some of the Land Owners and Proprietori interested in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, may have Occasion td tyirrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Proportions

Si*' C.ccxvliL GEO. Ilf. j A.D. 1810.

the Charges and Expence9 of obtaining and carrying this Act into Tenants fcr Execution; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful life, fcc. em* to and for the Land Owners and Proprietors, asd' of all other Per» powered to bor- fon3 whomsoever interested in such Lands a«d Grounds, being a row Money, Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Or ii- Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or.Lelee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years deterptnable on any Life or Lives, and also to and for the Husbands, Guardian)?, Truste^s and Committees of any of the said Owners or poprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or b'Jond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever ^°d also to and /for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees o Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any ^ability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether*such Owners or Prof*101*8 respectively be Tenants for Life, with or without Impeach*0* of Waste, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Ten?*8 by the Courtesy of England, or Leflbe or LcfTees for any Lr or Lives, for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other tbarand except the Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the Warden and&cholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Win* chester near Wi&fter* and their respective Successors, and other than and except th^urveyors of the Highways of the said respective Parishes, forn respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as SurVor as aforesaid), by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, t4cr their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and ?cfted by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Freehold F*and by Surrender or Surrenders duly passed, according to theuft°m or Customs of the Manor whereof the same is, are or shall b^olden, to charge the Copyhold Part of such Lands and Ground88 he allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respec* tively, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds for eacao(l every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportion the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this A* a°d of inclosing and Subdividing their respective Allotment*18 the said Commifuoners shall think proper for such Purposes the pe to be paid for by such Person or Persons, and to be applied for t Purposes aforesaid in such manner as the said Commissionera (ha)lire& and appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sums of Money with Interest for the same, to grant, lease, ^efe, mortgage, surrender or otherwise subject their said respec^ ti Allotments or any Part thereof, unto any rerfon or Persons who advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectivelyylus, J or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Afiugus, for any erm or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for ich Estate, Term or Interest as to the Copyhold Part thereof at toll be conformable to the Custom of the respective Manors, so thatny such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or withn express Trust to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured and the Interest thereof shall be fully paid and satisned; and so that in every such Grant, Lease, Mort-

fsge, Demise, Surrender or Security which shall be made by any erfon or Persons interested in, or entitled unto the Premises far the Term of their natural Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trust^e or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be

A.D. 1810.

50° GEO. III. C. ccxviih 571

contained a Provrfo or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Intere'l A any Sunt or Sunas of Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives 5 and no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the time at which the Title to such PofTellion shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security of the said Premises shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposefi thereby intended.*.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeals shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance'of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act di-reded to be made final or cenelusive, and favc and except in such cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then, and in every such Case, he, ihe or they may appeal to the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Southampton, within Six Calendar Months next after such Caule of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Twenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal j and the Jui-tices of the said Quarter-Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to award such Colls as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Warrant, to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Dillrefi ar.d Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Patty or Parties liable to pay tKe same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deduding the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be tinal and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Re-, cord at Westminflery or elsewhere.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Saving of Rights shall prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the ofLonUoftiia said several Purlieu Owners, or of any other Person or Persons who M*04*

shall or may be refprdively for the time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, JuriU didion or Jurisdictions, or reputed Honor, Manor, Lordship or JuriL didion, within the Limits whereof the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands ar.d Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed or any Part thereof respectively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories,

Royalties, Fisheries, Free Warrens, Manorial Rights, Ecclesiastical Rights and other Rights, Customs and Services incident or belonging to Inch Honors, Manors, Lord ships or Jurisdictions or any of them j but that the said Lords hereinbefore particularly named, and such other Lord or Lords for the time being, shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the same, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Visitations, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Yiiitations, pines, Free Warrens, Franchises, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Escheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences and Appurtew nances to such Honor*, Manors, Lordships or Jurisdictions rcTpec* tively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

S7«

Troviso for Bishop of Winchester uul Warden and Scholars «t Winchester College.

The King to brar Proportion 1 CUb.

Proviso for James Tooker J'Tq as to Wood-rolis.

General Saving.

£. ccxvlii; 50° GEO. III. A.D. 181o#

and Grounds, and other the Forestial and Common Rights for which Compensation is hereinbefore directed to be made) in as full, ajpple and beneficial manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this A & had not been made.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any jvife be construed to extend so as to charge or make chargeable theLord Bishop of Winchester or his Successors or the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester or their Successors or any of them, with the Payment of any of the Cpfts, Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned or incurred by reason or means of any Disputes or Differences or of any Trials at Law touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right of the Soil or of any Rights jof Common or other Rights and Interests in, over or upon the Lands or Grounds heieby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed or any Part or Parts thereof; but that the federal and respective Shares and Proportions of the said Lord Bishop of JV'tnchester, and "Warden and' Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Win* chester, and their respective Successors, of all such Costs, Charges and Expences, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.; and that the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester and their respettive Successors shall be and they are hereby severally and respectively indemnified from all such Costs, Charges and Expences accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing hereiji contained, shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Payment of a due and just Proportion of all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending any such Disputes, Differences or Trials at Law which may be had, brought or instituted againlf the said Lord Bishop of Winchester and Warden and Scholars Clerk6 of Saint Mary College* of Winchester near Winchester, and their respe£Hve Successors, touching the aforesaid Claims; but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to adjust and settle all such Costs, Charges and Expences so and in such manner as that each and every Person interested in the said Division and Inclosure may pay andf>ear his, her and their due and just Proportion thereof, (other than and except the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester).

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prejudice, lessen, defeat or alter the Right, Title or Interest of James Tooker E(quire, in and to a certain Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood-erofts, in the said County of Southampton, Part of the Manor of Hinton Daubney in the said County; but that the same shall remain subject to the same Rights and Privileges in all respe<SU as if this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that the said Piece of Parcel of Land called Woodcrafts, be not within the Regard or Bounds of the said Forest intended to be hereby inclosed.

LXXIV. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick, Corporate or

A.D. 1810. C. ccxvm. 50° GEO. III.

Collegiate and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, hi* and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflratora and Assigns, all such Eslate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and De-mand whatsoever, (other than and except such a* is and are hereby exprefTed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extin-guiihed) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, as they, every or any of them, now have or hath or could have had and enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Erldsos* by the Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and a CojiV thereof, so printed, shall be admitted at Evidence thereof by all Judges. Justices and others.

[INDEX removed.]

