C.i, ii, iii. 52° GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following at are temperarj

will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the correffamding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c.

[i. e. to the End of the next Session'] from a Day named in the AS. lb) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the AS.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Lift, not distingnished by the Letters fq.P.) art Publick Acts; to each of which is amtexed a Clause in the Form following

" And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially takes " Notice of as such by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without M being specially pleaded."

(q*P«) Quad Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which it annexed a Clause in the Form following

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed* by the several Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, " duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, " and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Ju dices and others."

Cap. i.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Lands adjoining the River Wade in the Parishes of Steeple Cum Stanfgate and Saint Lawrence in the County of Essex.

[28th February 1812.]

Cap. ii.

34 G. 3. c. 97. An Act for vesting in the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Stafford' a House for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes, and for maintaining and supporting the same; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for building a new Shire Hall for the said County.

[28th February 1812.]

roG. 3. c. 77. G. j. c. U4.

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County o?the City of Norwich*, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.

£?6th February 1812.] Cap.

5 2° GEO. III.

C.i? — xu.

97*

Cap. iv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Roborough Down to the Tavifioci Road near Dart Moor Prison of War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon, (a) [28th February 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. v.

An Act for inclosing Sid dal Moor, situate within the Township of Hopauood, in the rarish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancesjler.

(q. P.)

[28th February 1812.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for inclosing Great Crosby Marsh, in the Manor of Great Crosby, and Parish of Sepbton, in the County of Lancaster.

(q. P.)

[28 th February 1812.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 4 G; 3* c. 67. Powers of Two A As of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 30 3*c*1 x3« from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, (b)

[5th March 1812.]

Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted, double Tolls on Sundays. Additional Half Toll in Winter.]

Cap. viii.

An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King a6 G. a. c. 87* George the* Second, and Tw# A As of His present Majesty, for re-9 G. 2. c. 44. pairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Roads therein x* G. 3. c. 99, mentioned, in the County of Middlesex. (a) [5th March 1812.] 29 G*3*c*

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Frith in the County of Kent, (q. P.)

[yth March 1812.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Deopham, in the County of Norfolk.

(q. P.)

[5th March 1812.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in Liversedge, in the Parish of Birstall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His pre- 4G. 3. c. 91. lent Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford> in the County of Suffolk.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap.

C.x iii — xix.

ja# GEO. III.

A.D. 181L

Cap. xiii.

An Act for the better Employment and Support of the Poor is the Parishee of Westfrle> Beddingham and Glynde, in the County of Sujftxu [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xiv.

*6G. 3. c.ne. An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting and watching th* repealed. Streets, Lanes and other public Paflkges ana Places, within the

Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The CBnb, or Bijhof of Winchester't Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, is the County of Surrey.

[20th March 1812 ]

11 O. a. e. A 29 G. 2. c. 57. 31 G. 3. c. 13.

Cap. XT.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Maieilv, for repairing the Harbour of Maryport* % 'in the County of Cumberland. (h) [20th March 1812 ]

[Formerly called Ellenfoot. j

Cap. xvi.

*1 G. 3. c. 46. An Act to alter and increase the Rates of Tonnage, authorized to be 36 G. 3. c.clxvui. taken by the Company of Proprietors of The Grand MTeJkm Canal;

and to amend the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

{loth March i8it.l

Cap. xvii.

An Act for allotting the Lands in the Parish of Hempfield, in the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marshes or Fes Grounds within the said Parish, and of certain other MaHhes, Meadows and Lot* Grounds, within the several Parishes of Happrjbvrfh, Eccles, Passing next themS<a, Lejjtngham and Ingham, in the County afore (aid- [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Harfey, is the County of Norfolk.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His pif sent Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane,

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Rein 50 G. 3. c.euir.*of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding tU

1 late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upon the Conditions and under the §4.*Regulations therein mentioned; it was enacted, That the several Per*

fons therein named, together with such other Person and Pertain a ' should subscribe towards raising the Capital Sum thereinafter mentioned, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of soy Share or Shares in the Undertaking therein referred to, paying sad .1 contributing, to the Capital Sum to be raised as thereinafter meationed, Ihoulcf be* and they were thereby accordingly united into t

6*Com-

A.D. 1812.

52° GEO. III.

C.xix.

973

Company for erecting the said Theatre and surrounding Buildings,

and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and should for that Purpose be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the' Name and Style of The Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of

Proprietors*and by that Name should hare perpetual Succemoa and a Common Seal, and by that Name should and might sue and be

sued: And it was further enacted, That it should be lawful to and $*4 for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute, in such

Proportions as they should think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred

thousand Pounds; which said Sum or Sums of Money should be laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining ana passing the said Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and

in the next Place, in Payment to certain Persons therein named, of such Sum or Sums of Money as might be due and owing to them in respect of their Shares, Rights and Interests, in certain Letters Patent granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to

Thomas Ktlligrew Esquire; and in the next Place, in making due and just Payment or Compensation to the Renters and several other Claimants on the said Property, upon such Terms ns the said Claimants and the said Company of Proprietors should agree; and thirdly, in purchasing the entire Property and Interests of the present Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interested in the Property of the said late Theatre Royal Drury Lanes and the r Profits and Property thereof; and then for and towards rebuilding,

creating and finilhinga new Theatre, and the furronnding Buildings and Improvements necessary thereto, and in purchasing, making and completing the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music,

4 Decorations and other Appendages, or otherwise for carrying the said Act into Execution: Provided that in case the said Company of Proprietors should not contract and agree with all the Persons interested in the said Theatre and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Interests, within the Term of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, then and in such case the said Act, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, should become null and

void: And it was thereby further enacted, That, for better forward*

' ing the Purposes of the said Act, and the Interest of the said Corn*

pany, there should be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Persons therein named should be the First Committee; and the.

laid Committee were thereby authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding Eleven to the said Committee; and the said Committee were thereby also authorized to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compensation with the several Claimants on the said Property, and to determine upon and select the Plan for rebuilding, and to make Contrafts and Bargains for erecting the said Theatre, as thereinafter is mentioned; and also for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interests of the then Proprietors should be made over to the said iutcndeu Company of Proprietors, and all other necessary Purposes: And the said Com- f9* 4 mittee were by the said Act also empowered to arrange the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes might be let, should the said Committee find it advisable and expedient for the Com.

plction of the Plan t And it was also enacted and the First* Com.

pitted

974

C.xix.

A.D. 1812.

yo G 3. r. cede, ft 1. in pari repealed.

Campenf.it ions made for Claims a*tea polling Act.

PrmXo for un-

«feo«rrcd

CLiaumuu

52° GEO. III.

mittee which Should meet under the Ad were thereby directed to form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, to be submitted to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be specially called by Advertisement in the Lmub* 4 GaxttUy and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee should think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the opeiitag of the said Theatre; And whereas the Committee of the said Coapany of Proprietors nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers*thereof; but several of the Provisions of the same Ad have been found inadequate to the several Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the same should be altered, amended and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes istended to be provided for by the said Act, if certain Parts thereof were repealed, and further and better Provisions granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eo-acted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as enads and provides that the fane and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall be malt rcd void, in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not have contracted and agreed with all the Persons interested in the said late Theatre and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Interrib within the Term of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered at any time or times from and after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree with, and make due and jure Payment or Compensation to such Renters, Annuitants, and other Claimants on the said Theatre and Property, whose Claims shall not have been adjusted previous to the passing of this Act, upon such Terms as such Renters, Annuitants and other Claimants, and the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, shall agree; any thing in the hid recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when aid immediately after the said intended new Theatre shall have been com-leted and opened for the 'Representation of Plays, if any Renters, Annuitants or other Periods having Claims upon the late Theatre, and the Patents and Property thereto belonging {except the Renters or Claimants commonly called New Renters) shall not have been discovered by the said Committee, or whose Title or Titles shall be doubtful or disputed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, and they are hereby authorized, by and from the Money so subscribed, and to be subscribed, to lay out and invefi in the Names of the Trustets of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being, in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be-adequate to the making Compensation to such un* discovered Renters, Annuitants or other Claimants respectively, upon such and the like Terms, and according to the like Rate of Corapen-Ltion as shall have been agreed upon and accepted by the Majority©! Peiions having limiliar Interests or CUims upon the said Theatre and other Property, and that the Dividends of the Annuities so lo be

A.D. 1812.

52° Geo. in.

C xix.

97 f

purchased, and of the Accumulations thereof, shall from time to time, as the same shall arise, be received and be in like manner laid out and invested in such Annuities; and that the Person or Persons for whom or for whose Benefit such Compensation or Compensations respectively shall have been so invested, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall from time to time, upon Application duly* made to such Committee for the time being, be as effectually entitled to have and receive the respective Proportions of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the Dividends and Accumulations thereof, as if he, she or they had originally agreed to accept and take such Compensation or Compensations, (the respective Interests, Claims and Titles of such Claimants respectively upon and to the said late Theatre, and the Patents and Property thereto belonging, having been first ascertained and manifested to the Satisfaction of the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Counsel learned in the Law); and thereupon the same shall be transferred unto him, her or them respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Annuities to be invested Compensattow

as and for such Compensation or Compensations as aforesaid, when when accepted, the same shall have been transferred to the Person or Persons respec- for

tively entitled to have and receive the same, is and are hereby declared Calm,

to be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of such respective Interests and Claims, and the same and each and every of them so compen fated shall cease; and the said intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents which belonged and appertained to the said late Theatre,

shall be for ever discharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears due and owing on account of the same respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever Ifcbimants any Annuitant or Annuitants, Renter or Renters, or other Claimant commence floor Claimants, or his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators feedings in re-or Assigns, shall have commenced any Action at Law, or Suit in 0?* Claims, Equity, or other Proceeding, for or in respect of his, her or their nof maccept* Claim or Claims, or shall have given Notice in Writing to the said Compensation, Committee of his, her or their Intention so to do, except any Action or Stocks, &c <oanr-Suit for the Purpose of establishing his, her or their Title or Titles to ferrad to Com-such Compensation or Compensations, or any Part thereof, or shall have given Notice in Writing to the said Committee of his, her or their Refusal to take or accept such Compensation or Compensations as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the said '

Company for the time being, and they are hereby empowered to transfierthe Proportion of every such Annuitant, Renter or Claimant of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the Accumulations thereof, to the general Fund herein after directed to be created for the further Insurance of the said intended new Theatre and the Property thereto belonging from Fire, and in Augmentation thereof, and to be applicable to all such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Fund so to be created is herein after directed to be applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Company mrb-for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Pro- rized to toltil prietors, and they are hereby authorized to grant, make and execute Agreements any Deed, Instrument or Writing, Deeds, Instruments or Writings, for granting to such of the Persons commonly called New Renters re-

Jpe&iveiv a9 shall have agreed to accept the same, an Annuity or Rent

Charge

*7*

Rent Charge and Right of Charge upon Theatre.

Committee empowered to coning with New Renters.

Committee to make l'tovifioW for undiscovered New Renters.

C.xix. 5 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Charge of One Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at the said intended new Theatre, and free Admission thereto, tad for fulfilling and accomplishing the several Articles* Stipulations and Conditions contained in certain Agreements entered into by forii New Renters* according to the true Intent aiui Meaning thereof (subject as herein after is mentioned) as by the said Committee of the Cud Company of Proprietors, and the Committee of the said New Renters, or their respective Counsel learned in the Law, shall be deemed necessary.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said several Pylons fespectively, their respective Executors, Administrators or Aligns, shall hold, take, receive and enjoy the said Rent Charges or Rest Charge of One Shilling and Three pence, and Right ox Admiifios, with the Remedies and Powers for recovering, holding and receiving the same, according to the Deed, lnftniment or Writing, Deeds, 1s-strumentsor Writings to hi executed in pursuance of this Act; and every such Rent Charge and Right of Admidion shall, from and immediately after the said intended new Theatre shall have been built, opened for the Rep refen tation of Theatrical Performances, be sod remain a Cham upon the said Theatre and the Property thereof; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered at any time from and afar the passing of this Act, to contract and agree with such of the Cfaim-ants commonly called New Renters, as mall not have been agiecd with, upon such Terms as the Majority of the New Renters have cob-fented to accept and take; and in and by the same or any other fauhr Deed, Iuflrument or Writing, to grant a like Rent Charge of Ose Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at the said intended new Theatre, and free Admission thereto, to and for the Ufa and Benefit of such New Renters as the said Committee shall lb cos-trad with, but subject to the Directions herein contained respedag such Agreements and Claims.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Claimants called New Renters shall not havo-been discovered, or shall not by Ac said Committee have been agreed with at the time when the hid Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence shall become payable, or within Three Calendar Months next thereafter, then the said Committee for the time being'of the said Company of Proprirton may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to lay out sod invest in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Con foil dated Bad Annuities, in the Names of the Trustees for the time being of the hid Company of Proprietors, so much Money as would have become dm and payable in respect of the Nightly Performances to the New Renters who shall not have been discovered, or shall not have bees agreed with, in case they Should respectively agree to accept such Compensations as aforesaid for their respective Claims* to be trans&md and paid, with the Dividends and Accumulations thereon, to the Person or Persons respectively claiming as New Renters, upon their it* fjpectively agreeing and consenting to accept such Compensatioos, fad persons respectively having first mauifelled their Title to the same to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, or their Counsel learned ia tk Law; but subject nevertheless to the several Provisions herein after

cofttaked

A.D. 1812. 5a6 GEO. III. C.xix.

rontained respcding fact Claimantt as shall not have been dif-rorered.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution of the said Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing for ecuring the Payment of the said Nightly Rent Charges of One Shil-ing and Three pence and Right of Admission, the several Rent Charges of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Night of Performance at the said lata Theatre and Right of Admif&on, granted in pursuance of a certain Indenture bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, so far as regards the Parties conienting to accept the said Compensation of One Shilling and Three pence Nightly and Right of Admission shall cease; and the said intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents thereto belonging, shall be for ever discharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming as a New Renter, who shall not have agreed to accept such Compensation or Coa\pensations as is and are hereinbefore describted, his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be entitled to, and may use or exercise all such Right and Remedy at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of his* her or their Right, interest or Claim, as he, (lie or they would have been entitled unto if the said recited Act or this Act nad not been patted; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

XII. And be it further enacted, That as well the said Agreements entered into by or on the Behalf of the said Committee with the said New Renters, as all and every the Agreements made by the said Committee with any other Annuitant, Renter or Claimant on the said late Theatre, Patents and Property, and with the several Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interested in the Property of the said late Theatre and the Profits thereof, shall be good and valid, notwithstanding the same may not be fulfilled and performed on or before the Day or Days respectively appointed for the Performance thereof, so as the same be performed by and on the Part of the said Committee on or before the First Day of Auvuft One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, ' and the said intended Theatre shall then have been built and completed, and ready for the Representation of Plays.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Annuitant, Renter or Creditor, save and except such New Renters as aforesaid) who shall have signed any or either of the said Agreements, shall within one Month after the patting of this Act, by Notice in Writing under hi /* her or their Hand or Hands, to the Secretary of the said Coniittce, signify his, her or their Intention, that the Agreements signedf or eutered into by him* her or them shall be void, by reason of any Matter or Thing therein contained not being done and performed at the time or times limited for that Purpose, that then the Person or Persons giving such Notice shall be discharged from such Agreement not so performed, and he, she or they shall and may have, use and exercise such and the same Powers and Remedies at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Right, Interest or Claim, as he, she or they would have been entitled to if the said recited Act or this Act had not been

made;

977>

After Execution of Deed of Rent Charges, Sec. former Rent Charge, Ice. and all Arrears to cease, and Theatre discharged.

Proviso for Near Renters.

Agreements filtered into with Claimants, valid.

Agreements with Renters may in certain cases be made void.

Gc ^le

97*

C.xix.

5 2° GEO. III.

&.D. i3i2.

Claimants not agreeing to take Compensations may resort to Remedies enti- tied to immediately before fading of Ad

Terforts trilling to accept Compensation, but tnuble to substantiate Claim

Ice. for Recovery.

made; any thing in this Act or in the (kid recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Renter or Renters, Annuitant or Annuitants, save and except such New Renters as aforr-said, having any Right, Title or Interest in or to, or Incumbrance, Charge, Claim or Demand upon the said late Theatre, or the Patents Scite or Property or Profits thereof, who have not agreed or M not agree to accept and take such Compensation or Compenfaboes as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Rights and Remedies u Lav or in Equity as he, she or they would have been entitled unto fe Recovery of the Value of his, ner or their Share or Shares, Right e: Interest in the same, as he, she or they would have been entitled to if the said recited Act or this Act had not been made; any thing k the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Renter, Annuitant or other Perfcc having or claiming to have any Right, Title or Interest, in, to or upon any of the Funds or Property of the said late Theatre, and wha

to SaiUMlion of shall be desirous and willing to accept of such Compensation as afore-Committee, may said from the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for tk bring Actions time being, but shall be unable to substantiate such his or her Chk, Right or Title to such Compensation, to the Satisfaction of the ki Committee, to commence any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits agsk6. the said Company of Proprietors, for the Recovery of such Compn-fation; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and they r. hereby required to pay such Compensation to the Person or Perk* who shall by any such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, have kb-stantiated his, her or their Claim, Right or Title thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be kvki for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Pro-

Part of Compen- prietors, to contract and agree with any and every Claimant apoaik tided to*Admil'- said Theatre, Property and Patents, for the Grant or Adraiffioa to or of such Claimant or Claimants to any Share or any Number of Shares in the said Undertaking partly or wholly in Satisfaction of such Compensation, as the said Committee and the said Claimant or Claimants may agree upon in respect of the Claim or Intere/l of M Claimant or Claimants in the said Theatre Property; and thcrtupoi such Claimant or Claimants shall be taken and considered to be a Pn-prietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall be entitle to all Profits, Privileges and Advantages of or in the same, iurcfprit of the Share and Shares to which such Claimant or Claimants tH be admitted, as if he, she or they had subscribed for and paid thef; 2 Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Share; 17 thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrarytWi notwith (lauding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for t'e tkf -being of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five Gf tkm,: u

to'post^nerCW* Meeting convened for that Purpose, shall, and lawfully may, acd kr Payments. are hereby authorized and empowered to give Bonds asandfortk Bonds of the said Company of Proprietors, with their Commoa Std affixed thereto, uiito the several Persons who may or ffoH

fed

Claimants may subscri'oe all or

(ions as other Sabicribers.

Securities given to Claimants

A.D. 1812.

Cxi*.

52° GEO. III.

fented to the Postponement of their respective Claims until after the building of the said intended Theatre shall have b^en completed, or in Satisfaction of any Debt or Debts incurred or to Ipe incurred for the building, finishing or furnishing the same as Security or Securities for the Payment of any Sum or Sums which may havj6 been agreed to be paid and taken in Satisfaction of such Claim or Claims, Debt or Debts respectively; such Bonds to bear Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Sums so to be secured by such Bonds respectively, and the Interest thereupon to commence from the Day of the opening of the said intended new Theatre, or from the respective Dates thereof; and the Payment of the Principal Money and Interest upon the said Bonds to be thereby secured out of the Receipts of the said intended Theatre, at such Periods as shall be agreed upon by the said Committee, and such several Persons respectively 5 and which said Bond or Bonds, when executed, shall, stand next in Priority to the said Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence, and shall be good and valid, and the same are hereby respectively confirmed; any thing in the said recited. Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided that such Bond so given shallleffen the Number of Shares to be taken by the said Company for raising the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, by the Amount of the Principal Money to be secured by such Bonds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Committee for the time being to issue or execute any Bond or Bonds, or to give any Security or Securities under the Common Seal of the said Company, or on their Behalf, in Consideration or Satisfaction for any Sum or Sums less than the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which the said Bond or Bonds shall purport to be issued, and shall have been executed respectively.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors shall, after the executing and issuing all or any of such Bond or Bonds, be desirous of paying off all or any such Bond or Bonds or any Part thereof, that then and thereupon, and as often as they shall so think fit, they shall and may be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to raise by Subscriptions, by Shares of One hundred Pounds each, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount of the Principal Money due and secured in and by such Bond or Bonds from time to time intended to be paid off, and to pay and apply the Money from time to time so to be subscribed and raised in paying off and discharging all or any such Bond or Bonds respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing from any and every the Society or Societies, Company or Companies, established for the Insurance of Building or other Property from Fire, in respect of the Insurance of the said late Theatre from Fire, shall be paid to Samuel Whithread, Peter Moort and Harvey Christian Combe, Esquires, the Trustees named in the said Act, whose Receipt or Receipts, or the Receipt or Receipts of any Two of them, shall be good and sufficient Discharge or Discharges for the same; and such Monies shall, under the Order and Direction of the said Committee, be by the said Trustees laid opt

52 Geo. III. 3 R and

'PI9

Number of Shares lessened in Proportion to Amount of Securities.

Bonds not given for any Sum lei's than Amount for which Bonds purport to be ilTlied.

Committee may discharge Bonds by Shares of iool. each, not exceeding Amount of Principal Sums for which Bonds given.

Application of Money insured on Theatre.

<y8o

C.xix.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

Application of Money insured on Wardrobe, &c.

Part of ftuhfirip* tiom applied to*

and applied in and towards the building and compelling of the bid intended new Theatre.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mavbeliwful for any Person or Persons by whom or in whose Name or Names ter and every Insurance or Insurances hath or have been made or effected, in, by or with any and every of the said Society or Societies, Company or Companies, for or in respect of the Wardrobe, Scenery, Machinery or other like Property of or belonging to the said k? Theatre, and they are hereby required to pay to the said Satxi Whithread, Peter Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, the Trusteo in the above recited Act named, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so insured, first deducting the reout such Sum or Soms of Money as shall by the said Person or Persons have been applied and expended respectively, in and towards the Protection of the ProprtT remaining upon<he Scite of the said late Theatre after the said Fire, or to which such Persons may be liable on account thereof, and othrr Payments and Expences, not exceeding in the whole the Sumct Three thousand Pounds, to be by the said Trustees, in the said rr-cited Act named, applied in and towards the completing and the said intended Theatre, the Machinery, Scenery, Music and Decorations thereof; and it is hereby declared, that the Receipt t* Receipts of the said Samuel Whithread, Peter Moore and Hone: Christian Combe, or of Any Two of them, shall be good and fufikic.: Discharge or Discharges for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money lo to be received.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, and they an

Thoiifcmidel, n* hereby empowered, out of the Money already subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed, under the Authority of this or the said recited Act. after Payment for the said Share of the said Letters Patent as circled by the said recited Act, to apply, in the first Place, any San er Sums ot Money, not exceeding together One Half of the Amount of the whole Monies so subscribed or to be subscribed, when and as tk said Committee shall fee Occasion, in and towards completing jsd finishing the said intended new Theatre, and the Offices and Bailing belonging thereto, and in purchasing, making and completing tit Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations aid other Appendages thereto, and otherwise for carrying the Purpoia of this and the said recited Act into Execution; any thing in do or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof ootvri-standing.

Committee to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the grant Leased, Ac. said Committee for the time beinr, or any Five of them, at any Mm of Private Boxes, ing or Meetings duly convened for that Purpose, and they are herrbt upon certain authorized at any time or times after the passing this Act, to grant airr Lease or Leases under the Common Seal of the said Coropanr, d any Box or Boxes in the said intended new Theatre, as and atU Nature of Private Box or Boxes, the Number of which Private Boxfl before the Orchestra shall not at any one time exceed Fourteen, excJu-lively of the Boxes to be reserved for His Royal Highness the Price? of Wales, his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Box to be referred lor Thomas Coutts Esquire, and also the Box to be appropriated ford? Widow of the late David GarrUk Esquire, during the Terffi of her

natural

Conditions.

C.xix,

A.D. 1812 52° GEO. III.

981

natural Life, (any Condition made by or on the Part of the said new Renter* to the contrary thereof notwithstanding) with an exclusive Right of Admission to such Boxes on every Night of Theatrical Performance at the said intended new Theatre, for such Coufideratioi'i or Considerations in Money as the said Committee can reasonably obtain for the same; and the Consideration or Considerations for the Grant or Giants of such Lease or Leases of such Private Box or Private Boxes, or any Part thereof, may be made payable in Advance before the said intended new Theatre shall be completed, if the said Committee shall so think fit; and every such Lease or Leases to be subject to such referred Rent, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, as the said Committee at any such Meeting or Meetings shall think proper to be referred by and inserted in any such Lease or Leases respectively: Provided that the said Private Boxes before the Orchcilra shall not, nor shall any or either of them be granted for any longer Term or Terms than Twenty one Years; nor shall any such Grant or Grants contain any Covenant for Renewal.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Exccu- Leafef.fce. To tion of such Lease or Leases in manner aforesaid, and the Payment of the full Consideration Money or Monies therein expressed to be paid, or a Part thereof, the same shall, subject to the Rent and Rents*

Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be thereby and therein respectively reserved and contained, be good and valid; and the Consideration or Considerations to be received for the Grant or Grants of every such Lease or Leases shall be applied by the said Committee in and towards completing the said intended new Theatre, for the Representation of Plays; and after the same shall have been so completed, then the said Consideration or Considerations, Rent or Rents, and all other Sum or Sums of Money which shall thenceforth be from time to time received by the said Committee on account thereof, shall be applied by them for the Purpose of discharging any Claim or any Bona or Debt contracted for the building, completing and furnishing the said intended new Theatre, and then and thereafter for such Purposes as they shall deem necessary for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors; any thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Amount of the several Sum or Sums of Money which from time to time shall be paid to the said Committee, as the Consideration for granting such Lease or Leases respectively, shall lessen the Number of Shares for raising the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds to be taken by the said Company of Proprietors in the Proportion such Consideration or Considerations would amount to in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said intended new Theatre shall have been built, completed, finished and taade ready for the Representation of Plays, it shall and may be law* fill for the said Committee for the time being, or any Five of them, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, to make, grant and execute any Lease or Leases, under the Common Seal of the said Company, of the said intended new Theatre, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rooms, Offices, Houses, Buildings or Grounds thereunto belonging, or of the Profits of the said intended new Theatre/ for such Yearly Rent or Reuts, yearly Consideration

3 R 2 or

Amount of Sum* received for Private Boxes, fcr. to leireii Nu nbtr of Shares subscribed in Proportion.

Committee may grant Leasts, Sc

i2

C.xix.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Subscrihers of Shares, or Nominees, entitled to free Adraiflion Jo Boxes, See.

[Proviso.]

Free Admissioos regulated by Conmirtee.

or Considerations as the said Committee shall on the Part of the fakl Company be able to obtain, or of the Profits of the said intended Theatre; which Sum or Sums of Money so arising from or on account of the said Rent or Rents, Consideration or Considerations, shall be by the said Committee from time to time applied for and towards the Discharge of the Nightly Payments by this Act directed to be paid, and of the Interest accruing upon, or the Principal of any Bond or Bonds issued under the Common Seal of the said Company, and then and thereafter for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors 5 any thing in this Act or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to the Claioi and Demands of all and every persons and Person for any Right or Interest therein, for which Compensatiom shall not have been accepted in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Subscriber of Fire Shares of One hundred Pounds each towards the Capital Sum to be raised for the Purpose of rebuilding the said Theatre shall, upon and after the complete Payment of all the Instalments due and to become due upon the said Shares so subscribed, be entitled to nominate and appoint one Person who shall have free Admission to the said Theatre, into the public Boxes, Pit and Galleries thereof, at every Theatrical Performance which shall take place at such Theatre, for and during the natural Life of such Nominee; which said free Admission shall not be transferable; and that every Subscriber of Ten Shares shall been* titled to nominate and appoint Two Persons who shall each have fire Admissions under the Conditions hereinbefore described, and so or in the Proportion of One Nominee for every Five Shares subscribed by any one Subscriber: Provided always, that each and every Subscriber entitled to nominate to such free Admission or Admissioos, k Right of his or her Subscription respectively as aforesaid, shall and if hereby required to deliver in Writing under his or her Hand to the Secretary of the said Committee for the time being, Seven Days at tk least previous to the Exercise of such Right or Rights of free Ad-million, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of foci Person or Persons as he or she may think proper to nominate and appoint, as the Person or Persons to be entitled on his or her Behalf to such free Admission as aforesaid; which Nomination and Nomination, Appointment and Appointments, shall forthwith upon the Receipt of such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, be by the said Secretary re* giftered in a Book, which is hereby directed to be kept by the fa'£ Committee for the time being for that special Purpose, and every Nomination so registered shall be final and irrevocable.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the free Admission to the said intended new Theatre, as well of the Nominees of such Subscribers of Five or more Shares, as by virtue of the Grants of free Ad* million made or executed, or to be made or executed to any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act or otherwise, and every other free A'Bmission ia or to any Part of tl\e said intended new Theatre, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Conditions as the Sub Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, herein*

' after directed to be formed for the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances, shall from time to time deem necelktry or expedient, and shall make for the Government and Management of the said intended new Theatre, for the Prevention of Frtu&

rehtrer

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C.xix. $>83

relative to Admifliotis thereto; and all such Regulations and Conditions shall be good and valid; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act SO G. 3. c.ccxtv. as directs that the Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the said intended new Theatre Property, shall be submitted to a re^ e*General Meeting of the said Company to be specially called by Advertisements in The London Gazette, and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee shall think proper, at least Three Months previous to the opening of the said intended Theatre, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the present Committee EUaion of a (their Number being first made up to the full Number of Twenty Subcommittee one), or any Seven of them, at a Meeting to be convened by them for p.riU^ngTf that special Purpose, shall and they are hereby directed to name any

five of the said Committee, being Subscribers for not less than Five Theatre.

Shares each, to be a Sub Committee for the Management of the said yheatre and Theatrical Performances; and that whenever and as soon Notice girefi of as such Sub Committee shall hare been so appointed and named for General Moec-the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances,

Notice thereof shall be given in The London Gazette, and Four Lon- ^lttee. °m" don Daily Newspapers at the lead; and the said Committee are hereby authorized and directed to give such Notice accordingly, and at the same time to convene a General Assembly of the Subscribers to the said Theatre, to be held on a Day to be named in the said Advertisement, which General Assembly shall be fixed on some Day not less than Seven and not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Publica-

tion of the said Advertisement, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the Propriety of the Nomination of the said Sub Committee of Management; and it shall and may be lawful to and for. such Sub- General Meet-feribers so assembled at such General Assembly so directed to be con- »n£ may adopt or vened as aforesaid, or a Majority of them, to adopt or reject all or any J'eje# any Metn-of the Persons so named by the said Committee to be a first Suf> Committee. Committee of Management, and to substitute any other Person or fersons being Members of the said Committee, and being Subscribers for not less than Five Shares each, for and in the Room of any Person or Persons so rejected; and such Sub Committee of Management so elested, constituted and approved, shall act without any Fee, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, save and except the Profit which may arise from the beneficial Interest to which such Persons so conilituting the said Sub Committee of Management respectively may be entitled by virtue and in respect of the Subscription Shares held by each such Person in common with the other Subscribers to the said Theatre; which Sub Committee from and immediately after being so constituted, elected and approved, shall and may, and they are hereby au- -

thorized and directed, to form and arrange the Plan for the Government and Management of the said intended Theatre, and to engage all such Performers and other Persons as by the said recited Act are authorized to be employed in, about and for the said intended new'

Theatre, and the Affairs thereof, in such manner and on such Terms, and with such Salaries and Allowances, as such Sub Committee shall from time to time deem expedient for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors.

3 R 3 XXXI. PrO-

9*4

C.xix.

52° GEO. III.

AJ).

Plan ami Refutation* for Management of Theatre may be altered.

5© G..V c. ccxlr -<S to how far

Committee and Sub Committee continued for longer Period,

General AflTem-

bly of Proprietors to ballot for Six of Committee, who are to go out by Rotation.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Plan and Regulations for the Government and Management of the said intended Theatre, may from time to time be continued or altered by such first Sub Committee, during the time they shall continue such Sub Committee, or by any future Sub Committee to be elected under this Act; but no such Alteration shall extend to the cancelling or altering the Terms of any positive Engagement or Appointment, Engagements or Appointments entered into by such first Sab Committee, or any subsequent Sub Committee for any certain Term or Terms of Years with any Performer or Performers, or other Person or Persons as above mentioned; and such first Sub Committee, and all future Sub Committees from time to time to be elested, Ibali also have and be veiled with the like Powers and Authorities for the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances as are by this Act and by the said recited Act given to and vested in the present Committee; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that the first Committee shall continue in Office mstd Three Months after the opening of the said Theatre, and that on such Day Seven of the said Committee shall go out of Office ad cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, shall be lad the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the present Committee, and such first Sub Committee so to be elested, conftkuted and approved as is hereinbefore directed, shall respectively continut and remain for the respective Purposes above mentioned, until Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Third Seafoo of Theatrical Performances at the said intended Theatre, and exercise all such Powers and Authorities as are given to and vested in the tinder and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and and the Election of another General Committee and Sub Committee fbal have respectively taken place pursuant to the Directions herein contained; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the cortraT not with (landing: And in case any Member or Members of the Committee, or of the Sub Committee so to be elested, conlliiutfd and approved as aforesaid, shall die, resign or become incapable of nfting in, or signify in Writing his Desire to be discharged from such Committee or Sub Committee, the said Committee shall and mar, and they are hereby authorised to elect another or others qualified as aforesaid in the Stead of such Member or Members so dying, g|$gning or becoming incapable, or desiring to bq discharged as afore-tad, to be Member or Members of such Committee and Sub Committee respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the first General Assembly which shall take place after the Expiration ri Three Calendar Months from the Conclusion of the said Third Season of Theatrical Performances, Six of the first Committee appointed and elected under the said recited Act and this Act shall be withdrawn by Ballot from the said Committee (except the Trustees for tfe time being of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall alwa^i remain and continue, and form Part of every General Committer fur the time being of the said Company), and their Numbers shall be re-

placri

C.xix.

812. 52° GEO. III.

985

placed in the manner by the said recited Act directed, at to the withdrawing and replacing Seven of the said Committee; and it shall and may be lawful for the new Committee, or any Seven of them, and they are hereby directed, at a Meeting to be forthwith convened for that special Purpose, to nominate and elect a Sub Committee of Management, according to the Rules and Regulations hereinbefore contained for such Nomination and Election, which Sub Committee of Management shall be taken to be and be in the Place of such original Sub Committee of Management so to be first elested, constituted and approved as aforesaid, and shall be veiled with all the Powers by this Act given to the said first Sub Committee of Management 5 which said General Committee and Sub Committee so respectively to be appointed, nominated and elested, shall continue for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the then next succeeding Season of Theatrical Performance, or until another Committee and Sub Committee of Management shall have been nominated and elected in the Room of the said General Committee or of the said Sub Committee; and such Nomination and Election of such General Committee and such Sub Committee respectively shall take place in each and every succeeding Year at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Close of the then next preceding Season of Theatrical Perform^ ances, and each such General Committee and Sub Committee so successively elested, constituted and approved, shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities as are by the said recited Act and by this Act respectively given to the first General Committee and the first Sub Committee of Management so hereby directed to be elested, constituted and approved 5 ana each such fuc-ceflive General Committee and Sub Committee shall continue in Office respectively, and continue to be vested with such Powers and Authorities until the Nomination and Election of another General Committee and Sub Committee respectively, in the Room thereof, and no longer.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Members of Suk at any General Assembly to be held according to the Forms and at Committee not the times in the said recited Act directed, for the Purpose of electing ^-elected at Members to supply the Places of Members going out by Ballot or

Rotation from such General Committee, it shall so happen that any puces supplied. One or more or all of the Members constituting the said Sub Committee of Management for the time being, shall be withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation, and shall not be re-elected into the said General Committee, then and in such case, each such Member of such Sub Committee so withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation from the General C >m-roittee, shall nevertheless continue to act as Member or Members of such Sub Committee of Management, until a fresh Election and Nomination, in the Room of such Member or Members so withdrawn shall have taken place according to the Forms herein prescribed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Committee em-

every such case such Committee shall, on the Day immediately fuc- powered to fill ceeding the Day ou which such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have been m

created in the said Sub Committee of Management in the manner u omm, tt€C* aforesaid, or as soon after as conveniently may be, not exceeding Ten

Days from the Day on which such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have.

(aken place, and they, or any Seven of them, are hereby directed to

3 R 4 nominate

5>86

C.xix.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Members of General or Sub Committee may ke re-cleded*

In cases of Vacancy in General or Sub Committee, others appointed.

50 G. 3. c.ccxiv.

Trustees to con-»inue on Committee.

nominate and elect fomc other Person or Persons, being Members of the said Committee, and duly qualified as aforesaid, to be Member or Members of the said Sub Committee in the Room of the Member or Members so withdrawn as aforesaid; and such Member or Members so elected shall be and is and are hereby veiled with all and the like Powers as aforesaid, and shall continue in Office for the same Period and under the same Conditions, as if he or they had been in the ordinary Course elected, nominated and appointed Members of such Sob Committee of Management, and no longer: Provided also, that all or any of the Six Persons who shall from time to time, by Ballot or Rotation, go out of Office as above mentioned, and all or any of such Sab Committee who from time to time shall go out of Office in the manner herein prescribed, shall and may from time to time be re-elected Member or Members of the said Committee or Sub Committee, and thereupon shall be Member or Members of the said General Committee or of the said Sub Committee to which he or they shall from time to time so respectmdy be rc-elected, as effectually as if he or they had not previously been a Member or Members of such General or Sub Committee; any thing in this or the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall have been nominated or elededa Member or Members of the said General Committee or of the fed Sub Committee for the time being, under and by virtue of the said recited Act 6r of this Act, shall die or decline to act or become isca-pable of atting in such Committee or Sub Committee, (such Person or Persons, if he or they shall decline to act in either of such Committees, having first given Two Calendar Months Notice in Wridag under his or their Hand or Hands, of his or their Intention not to act as a Member for Members of such General or Sub Committee, as the case may be, which Notice such Member or Members is and are hereby respectively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, directed to the Secretary for the time being, of the (kid Cosb-mittee), that then and in either and every of such cases, and as often as it shall so happen, some other Person or Persons shall be named, appointed and elected to be a Member or Members of such General Committee or Sub Committee, in the Room of such Member or Members who shall from time to time die, decline to act, or be incapable of acting in such General Committee or Sub Committee, in such and the same manner as is directed for the Election of such Committee and Sub Committee, and when so elected shall be veiled with the like Powers as are given and directed in and by virtue of this Act, 6r in the said recited Act, and not herein and hereby repealed, ah tered or varied; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act respectiVely contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IfXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for tin tinfe being named in the said recited Act, and the Trustees from time to time hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or the Majority of them, shall from time to time appoint the Banker or Bankers to the said Company of Proprietors, where the said new Theatre Accounts and Monies shall be kept; and from time to time fluff and may change such Banker or Bankers, and in his or their Stead appoint any other Banker or Bankers as they may think proper; and that such Trustees for the time being shall always remain and continue

A.D. 1812.

C. xix.

9*7

52° GEO. III.

tinue to be and form Part of every future General Committee of the said Company; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And in case any of Appointment of the Trustees named and appointed by the said recited Act, or any New Trustee or Trustees herein after to be named or appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die, or decline to continue or become incapable of acting as such Trustee or Trustees, (such Trustee or Trustees who shall at any time or times decline to act, having first given Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands of his or their Intention to that Effect, which Notice he or they are hereby respectively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, directed to the Secretary for the time being, of the said Committee), then and in any or either of such cases, and so often as the same shall'occur, the Committee of the said Company for the time being shall and may and they are hereby authorized and directed at any Meeting or Meetings duly convened for that special Purpose, to nominate and elect a new Trustee or Trustees, being a Holder of Holders of not less than Five Shares each in the said Undertaking, in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees who shall so die, or decline to continue or become incapable of continuing such Trustee or Trustees; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall be vested with such and the like Powers and Authorities as the Trustee or Trustees who shall so die, decline or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided, that it shall not be lawful Prorifc. for any of the said Trustees, directly or indirectly, to derive, obtain or receive for himself, or for any other than the said Company of Proprietors, any Profit, Emolument or Advantage whatsoever, for or by reason of the Appointment of any such Banker or Bankers, or for, by or from the Deposit, Investment, Use or Interest, of any of the Money of the said Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Company iutho-lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Sue- rixed to insure cessor8 for the time being, to make and effect any Insurance or In- Theatre, &c. furances on the said intended Theatre, and the Wardrobe, Scenery,

Machinery, Furniture, Books, Music and other Property which shall at any time or times belong to the said Theatre, against Loss or Damage by Fire.

XL. And, to the Intent that the same may be carried into Effect, Fund establishedl be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said for that Purpose. Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and they are hereby directed to cause a Stock or Fund to be created and established by and from the Yearly Payment of Five Shillings upon every Share of One hundred Pounds each, subscribed or to be subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors for rebuilding the said intended Theatre, and carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act into Effect, until the Fund so to be created and established shall have amounted to the Capital Stock of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, for and Committee em-towards creating the said Insurance Fund, it shall and may be lawful, powered to de-and the Committee for the time being are hereby empowered and di- duftjs. from rested, from and out of the Interests and Profits which may arise out of Pro.?t*l of the said Capital Stock so subscribed or to be subscribed for building f^'ng 8

21 the ranee Fund.

C.xix

AJ). iSi2*

& Geo. nr.

The same iitvefted in the Fundi.

Jnuirance Fund necessary to make good Damage by Fire referred by Committee.

Vhen Fund fhiil amount to l5*OOOOl. Slock, and nu wanted, Committee directed to apply Dividendf for certain Purposes.

the said Theatre, to dedu& Five Shillings out of every Sam or Some of Money so arising or becoming payable upon each and every One hundred Pounds Share of such Capital Stock, to be applied and carried to the said Insurance Fund so directed to be formed.w

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Sum or Sams of Money so from time to time payable and to be paid for the said lad mentioned Purpose of creating the said Insurance Fund, shall from time to time as the same shall arise or be received as aforesaid, be bid out in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trustees of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being, and together with the Dividends anting therefrom shall be vested in the Trustees for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, as Trustees of the Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors, and shall form and be an accumulating Fund, until the same shall amount to the Capital Stock or Sam of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; when the Deductions from such Annual Payments on account of such Insurance Fund shall cease and be no longer made, unless the General Committee for the time being shall deem it expedient to increase the said Capital Stock higher than the Sum of Twenty fivethousand Pounds Capital Stock herein mentioned; and which the said Committee are hereby authorized to do from time to time, if such Committee for the time being shall deem it adrif-able for the Benefit of the said Company so to do.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whea and so often as any Damage by Fire shall happen to the said Theatre or Property, the said Fund or Capital Stock, and the Dividends so to accumulate, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, shall be transferred to and taken and received by the General Committee for the time being, of the said Company of Proprietors, and applied from time to time, for and towards repairing and making good the Danube or Damages so occasioned by Fire, and all Expences, Cosh and Charges attending thereupon.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever and so soon as the said Fund so to be created (hal!? together with the Dividends accruing thereupon, amount to the Capital Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or to such larger Sum of Capital Stock as the said Committee for the time being mall think proper to d: re&, then and in such case, and so long as the said Fund lo created shall not be called for or applied towards the repairing, making good or rebuilding, in confluence of any Damage done by Fire to the said Theatre of Property thereof, the Dividends arising therefrom shall be applied in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, in the first Place, in and towards the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance which may have been created or be then existing upon the said Theatre Property, or any Part thereof, in the Order or according to the Priority in point of Date in which such Debts or Incumbrances may respectively (land, or in cases where no Claim of Priority shall exill with regard to such Debts or Incumbrances, in such Order or Successlonis the said Committee for the time being shall appoint; and from and after the Payment of all such Debts and Incumbrances, then and thereafter the Dividends arising therefrom shall be paid and payable to such Proprietor or Proprietors for the time being, or his, her or

A.D. 1812.

52° GEO. III.

C.xix.

9*9

their Representatives, in Proportion to the Share or Shares held by each such Proprietor, his, her or their Representatives respectively.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case and so often When Fund rs* as any Part of such accumulating Fund or Capital Stock, or any Part du.cwl»Com-thereof, after the same shall have so accumulated to the said Capital 5*

Stock of Twenty five thousand Pounds, or to such other Sum of from Profits of Capital Stock over and above the said Capital Stock or Sum of Twenty each Sham five thousand Pounds, as the said Committee for the time being shall think proper to direct as aforesaid, shall have been used and applied towards rebuilding, repairing or making good any Damage or JLofs which may have been occasioned to the said Theatre Property by Fire, that then and from thenceforth, and as often as such Capital Stock shall have been so reduced, by the Payments aforesaid on account of such Damage so occasioned by Fire, the said Committee for the time being are hereby authorized and directed to dedud yearly and every Year the Sum of Five Shillings from and out of the Interests and Profits from time to time arising or becoming payable upon each and every One hundred Pounds Share of the said Capital Stock so subscribed or to be subscribed for building the said Theatre, and the other Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, to be applied and carried to the said Insurance Fund so directed to be formed until the said Capital Stock or Fund of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or such higher Capital Stock or Fund as the said Committee for the time being shall think proper to direct, shall have been created, and then and thenceforth to be again applied as aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such In- Insurance Fund furance Fund, so to be created as aforesaid, shall be and the same is ben Addi-bereby directed to be in Addition to and exclusive of any Sum or Sums which shall hereafter be insured in any of the Societies or Companies pany aty infurr created or to be created for the Purpose of Insurance against Damage «ce offices, by Fire, by virtue of any Agreement or Agreements, Covenant or Covenants, entered into or to be entered into by and between His Grace the Duke of Bedford as Landlord, and the said Committee on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or any other Insurance or Insurances to be so effected by the said Committee on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Part of such Insurance Fund No Part of Tufa to be created by virtue of this Act, shall be applied for and to- fl, rance'l, nd wards the repairing, making good or rebuilding the said Theatre, or Buildings belonging to or forming Part thereof, which may have been Money insured damaged or destroyed by Fire, until all and every the Sum or Sums so expended, insured, or to be insured by virtue of such Agreement or Agreements,

Covenant or Covenants as aforesaid, or otherwise as aforesaid shall have been so expended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Committee mty ful for the Committee for the time being of the said Company, and make Jtyc-Laws, they are hereby authorized to make such Bye-Laws, Ordinances and Regulations, and from time to time to alter and amend the same, for the Management and Government of the said Theatre and the Pro-, perty and Concerns thereof, not repugnant to or inconsistent with the said recited Act and this Act, as such Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors shall from time to time deem expedient and necessary j and that such Bye-Laws, Ordinances and

Re^u-

N«w Theatre, when eeeiled and finished, vested in Com-rany.

Provision* of former Act (not altered or repealed) extended to Ad.

Trusteetj&c. only accountable Jor own Act j.

Regulations, from time to time to be made, shall, to all Intents, Effects, Con ft ructions and Purposes whatsoever, have the lame Force and Effed as if the same had been mentioned and enacted in this Act.

XLIX. And whereas the said Committee since the passing of the said Act have made diligent Enquiry touching the several Claimants on the said late Theatre and the Property thereof; but the said Committee, notwithstanding their utmost Endeayours, hare hot been able to discover all the Persons interested therein, but such Persons now remaining undiscovered are few in Number; aodmaf- much as it will be highly prejudicial and ruinous to the Inteiefb of the great Majority of the several Claflesof Claimants in or upon the said late Theatre and Property, and who have consented to accept and take Compensations for the same, unless such Property and the said intended new Theatre were respectively vested in the said Company of Proprietors, subject to such of the Provisions of the said recited Act as are not hereby altered or repealed, and also subject to the Provisions-of this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and immediately after the said intended new Theatre shall have beta finished, fit for the Representation of Plays, the said intended new Theatre, and all and singular the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Fixtures, Music, Articles, Matters and Things, and all the Erections and Buildings thereunto respectively belonging, and ah and every the Patents, Licences and Property of or belonging to the said late Theatre, shall (subject to such of the Provisions of the said, recited Act as are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, and also subject to the Provisions of this Act, and also subject to the Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands of all and every Person and Persons whomsoever for the Value of his, her and their respedirc Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims or Demands in or upon the iame, a> shall not have consented to accept Compensations for such Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands respectively) be and become vested in, and the same are hereby respectively vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for the general Purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and aO and every the Enadmeqts, Powers, Provisoes, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, or all and every such ofctbog, and all such P*irts thereof as are not hereby repealed, altered or varied, shall continue and remain in full Force and Effed, and shall be applied and extended, and be construed, deemed and taken to apply to this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees, Committee and Sub Committee for the time being of the said Theatre'or Company of Proprietors, or any or either of them, their or any of their Executors or Administrators, shall not be an-jwerable or accountable, any or either of them, for the others or other of them, or for the Acts, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults of any other or others of them; nor shall they or any or either of them beanfwe?--able or accountable for any more Monies than what shall be received by or actually come to his or their Hands by virtue of or under the Trfttts and Powers aforesaid; nor shall they or any or either of them be answerable or accountable for any Bank, Bankers or other Perfqps

with

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C.xix. xx; 99?

*rith whom or in whose Hands any Monies or Securities of or belonging to the said Company of Proprietors shall or may be deposited or lodged, in the Execution of the aforesaid Trusta or Powers; nor with or for any other Loss, Damage or Misfortune which may happen in the Execution of the aforesaid Trusts and Powers, or any or either of them, or in relation thereto 5 but shall be acquitted and fayed harmless by the said Company of Proprietors in respect of all such Acts, Matters and Things as shall be done by them or any or either of them, under the said recited Act: or of this present Act, or in the Management and Execution of the several Trusts and Powers in them respectively reposed, or to be referred as aforesaid, and of and from all A6Hons, Suits, Damages, Claims and Demands in respect thereof; '

and also that they the said Trustees and other the Members of the said Committee, and such Committee and the Trustees for the time Trustees, &c. being respectively, his and their respective Executors and Admini- P*d Costs, &c. strators and every of them, shall be re-imbursed and paid by and out of the Stock or Monies for the time being to the said Theatre and Company of Proprietors belonging, all such Loss, Costs, Charges,

Damages and 'Expences, as they and every or any of them mail bear, pay, suffer, sustain, expend or be put unto, for or by reason or on account of any of the Trusts, Powers and Authorities in them re-posed, or to be reposed as aforesaid, or in the Management or Execution thereof, or of any other Matter, Cause or Thing whatsoever, in any wise relating thereto.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Expeaces of Act prietors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtain- P»id* ing and passing this Act, and the Expences incident thereto* and of investigating the Title of the Proprietors and Claimants on the said Premises and Patents, and obtaining Conveyances and Alignments thereof, and such other Expences as they may be put to in the Execution of this Trust, with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed or hereafter to be subscribed by the said Company as aforesaid.

LIII. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his General Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs,

Successors, ' Executors and Administrators, all such Right, Title and Interest (other than such as is and are hereby expressed, and intended to be compensated for, barred and extinguished) as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of, the said late Theatre, or the Patents, Property or Profits thereof, in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this A A shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xx.

An Act to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to faife a6G. 3, (I.)ci4; a sufficient Sum of Money, by Presentment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan EJridge over the Rivtr Anna Liffey at Lucan, In the Parish of Lucan in the County of Dublin.

\ [20th March 1812.]

Cap.

C. xxi — xfcvii.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

99*

Cap. xxi.

iS G. 2. c. 6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A&of King

7G. 3. c. 71. George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for

33 G. 3. c. 157. repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of York. (e) [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxii.

17 O.i. c. 25. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King 4 G 3. c. 66.* George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 320-3* c. 136. repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from Bendued Bridge to Cotlingham, in the County of York. (e)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to Helminghamt aid to Dehenham, and from Hemingfton to Olley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk, (b) [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mery in the County of Suffolk. (£) [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxv.

io 0.3. c. 99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His pit*

% G. 3. c 99. sent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the City of Lichfield. (h) [20th March 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Stone Street Hetd at Ocklty, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Herfm and Guildford Road at Warnham, in the County of Sussex. (j)

£aoth March tSU.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xxvii.

a* G. $. c. xod. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and erllarge the Powers of*an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty,

for completing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Glee-€ejkr, through Tetbury to Woefield Corner9 and a Road from these* to or near L, ambridgeti\t*T the City of Bath, and for other Purpafo* relating thereto; and also to repair a certain Road from Dufies to Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moigne, in the fed County, (c) [20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls grouted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

c*

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C. xxviii — xxxr.

993

xxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His9G* 3- c. 45* present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint, Den- 11 G*3-c* high and Carnarvon, so far as the same relate to The Saint Asaph and Conway Dislrifts (f) of Road, (r) [20th March 1812.]

£Additional Trustees.] (a) [Srr as to Flint, Holywell and

Moflyn Difirids, pofi. c.cxvii.J

Cap. xxix.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Tenth and xo G. 3. c. 98. Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road G. 3, c. 88. from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Heady in FernileCy in the County of Derby % leading to Chapel in the Frith in the same County, (c)

[20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trujltes. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from IVendover to the End of Oak Laney and from the River Colne9 for Half a Mile, towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, (a)

[20th March 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chesterfield to Hcrnstone Lane Heady with its Branches; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby, (a)

[20th March 1812.] [Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Congham> in the County of Norfolk.

(q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

7 G x. 8cm. x. c. 24.

15 G. 2. c. 5.

24 G. 2. C. 32. 17 G. 3. C. 82.J repealed as to Roads comprised in Title to this

Aa.

32 G. 2. c. 43. 19 G. 3. c. 87. 41 G. 3. (U.K.J

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Norfolk. (q. r.) [20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caifier9 next Great Tar-mouthp in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaf Dereham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th Marsh 1812.]

" Allotment to His Majesty. $ 25.

Cab.

C. xxxvi — xliii.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Cap. xxxvL

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirby Bedon, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Stroodf in the County of Kent; fer better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish 5 and also for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the same Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[25th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxviii.

3»G.j. c. 118. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Boroughbridgn

41 G. 3. (U.K.) in the County of York, to the City of Durham. (b)

c. iv. repealed.

[25th March 1812.]

[.Double 1'ollt on Sunday, ']

Cap. xxxix.

n G. 3. c. 71. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 32 G. 3. c. 133. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for amending the Road from Brough to Welton, in the same Riding, (a) [25th March 1812.]

[Afcev Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted,]

Cap. xl.

10 G. 3. c. 55. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts31 G.3. G97. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and also for making other Roads in the said County, (r) [25th march 1812.]

[Additional Trustees for Cardigan and Aberystwyth DiJlriQs. Tolls of ro G. 3. in part to ceafey and new Tolls granted.]

[ Cap. xli.

Si G. 3. c. 106. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest, through Fishguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fishguard to the City of Saint David*/, in the said County, (c)

[25th March 1812.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday,]

r Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Llanvihangel Nani-mellany in the County of Radnor, (q. P.)

[25th March 1812.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caston, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)* [25th March 1812.]

Cap.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C. xliv — xlviii.

995

Cap. xliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pilleth, in the County of Radnor, (q. P.)

[25th March 1812.]

44 Allotment to His Majesty. $21.28.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of South-weald, in the County olEJfex.

(q. P.) 5th March 1812.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three 14 G. 3 c 9I Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the 17 G. 3*c fa River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties 5° G. 3. c. cciv. of the City of London; and for further improving the said Navigation.

[20th April 1812.]

[Tolls of 50 G.3./0 cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners for improving and completing ug ? the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdic- 15 G. 3. c#. jfi. tion of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Mid- 280. 3. c. 51. dlesex, to the Town of Crichlade, in the County of Wilts, to make 25 G. 3. c. xc6. a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milfonys Point, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, to communicate with the said River at or near Bell Weir, in the said Parish of Egham; and to erect Pound Locks in such Cut, with necessary Weirs and other Works on the said Navigation.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Messuage and Premises for holding their Meetings; and for enlarging the rowers of the said Commissioners.

[20th ApribiSiz.]

WHEREAS in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His ajH.8. c. 5.

W Majesty King Henry the Eighth, one general Act concerning Commissioners of Sewers, intituled The Bill of Sewers, with 4 a new Proviso, &V. to be directed into all Parts within His said Majesty's Realm, was enacted, and made to continue and endure for Twenty Years then next following; and the said Act, and all the Clauses, Articles and Provisions in the same, were, by an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty 3&4E. 6. c. 8.

4 King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the Continuance of §

the Statute of Sewers, made perpetual, subject to certain new Regulations expressed and contained in the last mentioned Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of 13 Eli*, c. 9.

4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Commission of Sewers

and an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James 3 Jac. 1. c. 14.

the First, intituled An Act for the Explanation of the Statute of Sewers; and an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of 1W.J1M.

4 King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for paving and Sess. 2. c.S, j2 Geo. III. 3 S 4 cleansing

99of

C. ririii.

A.D. 1814.

7 Ann. c. ia

47 G. 3. Self x. c. vu.

Letters Patent 29th March and s8th April

46 G. 3.

Cotmniflioneri may treat with Owners for Purchase of Messuage, &c. in Greek Street, Soho.

52° GEO. III.

cleaning the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof \ and Out Parishes in the County of Middlefcg, and in the Borough of Southwark, and etket Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; and an Act passed m 4 the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled An Act for rendering more effectual the Laws concerning Commsfioners «/ 4 Sewers; and an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the CoMraifltosers of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Well min ster, and Part of the County of Middlesex; the Provisoes and Provisions contained in 4 the said Acts of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, and the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Edward the Sixth, ha*e beta varied, altered, enlarged and extended: And whereas by His Majesty's Letters Patent, one under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom df Great Britain and Ireland\ hearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of March in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of Hu 4 present Majesty, and the other under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of April in the said Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majety, the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Erjk'the, then Lord High Chancellor of that Part of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, Charles Duke of Norfolk, George Duke of Marlborough, Edward Lord EllenboroUgh, Sir William Grant Knight, Sir James Mans fit Id Knight, and others therein named, have been appointed Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westmduhr, and Part of the County of Middlesex: And whereas on account of the great Increase of Building, and the extensive Projects for Building now in Contemplation or carry ing into Effe6f, within the City and Liberty of Westminslei, and the Part of the County of Mid At fix subjcA to the said Cormriifflor.s, it is rendered necertarr and expedient that the said Commissioners Should Be enabled to purchase a Messuage and Prcrr.ifes for holding their Meetings, and for keeping the Records, Books arid Papers of the said Commission, or for any other Concern relating thereto, and that the Powers of the said Commissioners shoutd be enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be er.atted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, asd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Sewers for the time being for the Limits aforesaid, and they, or any Six or more of then, are hereby authorized and empowered to fell a certain Messuage and Premises, with the Appnrtenances, where the Business of the said Commissioners hns been carried on, situate m Carlisle Street, Soho Square, in the Parish of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, fur all fud* Estate, Term and lnttreft therein, as the said Commissioners have, and the Goods, Furniture and Fixtures therein, belonging to the said Commissioners, and to apply the Produce thereof in or towards the Payment of the Purchase Money for the Premises hertritiaittr mentioned, or for or towards any of the Purposes authorized to be

dost

A.D. 1812.

C.xlviiu

997

52° GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

dooe and executed by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of the said Commissions; and also to treat and agree with all and every the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons whomsoever interested therein, for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of a certain Messuage or Tenement, situate the Corner House on the South Side of Soho Square, and at the North End on the East Side of Greek Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the said County of Middlesex, with the Coach Houses, Stables, Out* buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, late the Property of Thomas Slack Esquire, deceased, and now in the Occupation of the said Commissioners, and more particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Purpose of holding their Meetings, and for keeping the Records, Books, Writings and Papers of the said Commissioners, or for any other Concern relating thereto 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to hold such Messuage and Pre* mises so to be purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding c Provided always, that no greater or larger

Sum shall be given for the Purchase of the said Messuage and Premises than the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to borrow Commissioners, from time to time, to borrow and take up at Interest Money. such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand (ive hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Rates,

Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be made, levied, set and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or One of them; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or of any Six or more of them, to adieu all or any Part of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the same; and the Charges and Expences of such Affigfiment (to be made as herein after mentioned) shall be from time to time defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Money so to be borrowed 5 and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effed following $ that is to say,

\XTE, being of the Commissioners of Sewers Form of Assign-

for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the went.

4 County of Middlesex, acting in pursuance of an Act passed in the

Fifty l'econd Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [/here set forth the Title of this Act] in Consideration of tht Sum of advanced and lent by

of in the County of on ths

4 Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and

assign unto the said [or, to his Trustes or

4 Trustees, as the case may be-\ his [or, her] Executors, Admi*

1 nistrators and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates, Taxes, Lots

and Wains, to be raised, levied, set and collected by virtue of th#

said recited Acts, or some or One of them, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at

any time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged

3 S 2 4 upon

99*

C.xlviii.

A.D. 1812.

Commissionen may raise Money by Annuities.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

52° GEO. III.

upon the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains; to

be had and holden from this Day of until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of

ter Centum per Annum for the same, shall be

fully paid and satisned. In Witness whereof, we the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Security shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Cotnmif* (toners shall think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Money for the Purposea aforesaid, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Assignments as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered so to do, and by Writing under their Hands and Seth, or of any Six or more of theta, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Penon or Persons who shall contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissionen, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life or natural Lives of such Contributor or Contributors, and the Life of the Sur* vivor, or the natural Life of such Person, or the natural Lives of such Persons, and the Life of the Survivor, as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the time of the Payment of h« or her Contribution or Purchase Money; so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, or the Lives of such Persons, and the Life of the Survivor; and the Expence of every such Annuity shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies so contributed; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following

9 being of the Commissioners of Sewm

9 for the City and Liberty of Westminster^ and Part of the County of Middlesex, acting in pursuance of an Act passed in the9Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,[here set forth the Title of this Act] in Confederation of the Sum9paid by to

9 the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, do hereby grant unto the said an Annuity or yearly Sum of

9 to be paid cut of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to

9 be raised, levied, set and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or One of them; which Annuity or yearly Sura <4

9 shall be paid to the said or his

[or, her] Assigns, during the Term of his [or, her] natural Life,

[or, as the case may to the said his [or, her]

4 Executors, Administrators or Assigns, during the natural Life of

or during the natural Lives of

and and the Life of the Survivor of them, on the Day of the Day of

9 the

A.D. 1812.

C. xlviii.

999

52° GEO. III.

the Day of and the Day of

in every Year, during the natural Life or Lives of him, her or them, the said at the the first

4 Payment thereof, to be made on the Day of

next ensuing the Date hereof. In Witness whereof,

' We the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands and Seals,

the Day of in the Year

And every such Grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, without any Inrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery, or elsewhere, except as herein after mentioned; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the said Rates, Taxes,

Lots and Wains respectively, according to the Grant of such Annuity; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, if they think it moil advisable, by and out of any Monies in the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, pay the said Purchase Money of Five thousand Pounds, and the Costs and Charges of repairing and fitting up the Premises, as well as all other usual and reasonable Expences that may be incurred by the Commissioners in carrying the said Commissions into Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Alignments Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be bor- and Annuities rowed on legal Interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by granting of urantfcrrcd' Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, [/w the case may be] at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

4 T A.B.f being entitled to the Sum of or an Form.

Annuity of secured to

and his Assigns, [ar the case may be] by virtue of an Assignment,

[or. Grant of an Annuity] bearing Date the Day of

under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of Sewers

for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled 4 \here set forth the Title of this Aa\ on the Credit of the Rates,

Taxes, Lots and Wains, charged and made chargeable by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Interest in and to the same Sum [or, Annuity, and all Interest and other Money now

due and arising thereon] unto his [or, her] Executors,

Administrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And a Copy of every such Security or Assignment, and of every Copy of Assign-Grant of Annuity which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and ment, &c. enter-an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall ednJBookfor be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the Infl^1011* said Commissioners; which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred; to which Book any Person interested shall at all season-

3 S 3 able

ie % o

C.xhriii.

A.D. 1812.

Fee.

Payment of Creditors provided for by Ballot*

Merty borrowed at lovrcr In-

52° GEO. III.

able times have Access, and (halt have free L&drty to in(pe& Che same without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Pfcrfoe to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any RegiRry or Inrobnent thereof.

V. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots or Wains, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than One) shall cause the Number or Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted, in case more than the Sum of One hundred Poinds shall be lent and advanced upon any such Alignment or Security as aforesaid, and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots or Waits, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon di(lin& Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, each Piece of Paper to contain only One Number in respect of every One hundred Pounds so borrowed as aforesaid, and all such Papers shall be retted up in the same Form, as near as may be, and he put into a Bor or Wired, and the Number Or Numbers of the said Affigsments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Bailot, the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off, either in fad or part Payment of their respective Alignments or Securities as aforesaid, pursuant to such Bailot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Six Calendar Months Notice tp such Creditor of the Intention of the said Commissioners to pay him or her as aforesaid, and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notices as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Mo&ey to be so paid off, shall, from and after the Day so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money Audi be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the said Commissioners to pay off" and discharge any Monies lent or the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, by way of Annuity, until all other the Creditors on the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, shall be paid off and discharged, and the several Parties so lending Money by way id Annuity, shall agree to accept the Sum or Sums iff Money offered by the said Commissioners for the repurchase of such his, her or their Annuity or Annuities.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said ComimfSoners can at any time borrow or take up aoy Sum or Sums

A.D. 1812.. 52? G£0. IU. C.^lviii. ipoi

Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or tcreft to4»f-Socucities which shall be then in forep shall bear, it (halite lawful for the said Commdhoncisfropjtime to time to charge t^e said Rate*

T^xes, Lots and \V'ains, in manner aforesaid, with /uph Sum or Sums of Money ns they shall t/iink proper, and thp Interest thereof at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Alignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions an 1 Regulations therein prescribed {or paying off Assignments or Securities.

VII. And whereas great Difficulty h^s arisen to the Corpiuiff Conors of Sewers for the Limit? aforesaid, ip laying ap equal Rate

from time to time upon the several inhabitants withip the Limits of the said Commissions, occaiioped by their not being authorised,

under any of the Statutes now in force concerning Sey/ere, to call

for and inspect the Poors Rates of the fevered JParishes within the

Limits aforesaid; Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall he Commissioner* lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid,"th°nzed( b7 from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall fee OccaGan, by Books of Rates an Order in Writing, to direct the Clerk for the tirpe being of the 0fParifoe*

Hd CojumifGqners, or any other Porfan On their Behalf, to ipfpefi within Limits, and take a Copy of the lait Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the

Poor of any Parish or Parishes within the Jurisdiction of the faii Commissioners of Sewers, and on Production of such Order, by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or other Person as aforesaid, to the Veilrv Clerk or other Person cntruftgd with the Custody of the feversd Rates aforesaid, such Vestry Clerk, or other Person intruded with the Custody of the said Rates of ev*ery speh Rarift* shall produce the same forthwith to the f*iid Clerk of the said ConundBouer^, and permit him to inspect and take a Copy thereof from time to time; pr otherwise shall furuiih, with all copvepieot Spepd, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, a true Copy of the Book of Rates of such Purifli or Parishes as aforesaid, of, bring paid for tire same such Pecs as a; y directed by an Act uf the ^Seventeenth 17 G. 1. c. 3, Year of King George the Second, intitulqd j{n jtJ to oblige Qvctfeers of the Poor to give pulllck Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the same, in order to enable the said Commd-(ioners of Sewers to lay an equal Ra*e or A/Rfiment qp , the several Inhabitants within the Ln^its of the said Commifhou^ or apy Portion thereof.

VIII. And be it further cnaftqd, That when, gny Distress shall Diflfefcnotun* be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of the said lawful f r Want recited Acts, or this Act, or any of them, >the Piftrefs.itfelfshall DPt ofform* be deemed unlawful, pgr shall.the Party pr {Parties making tire fair.© be considered a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Default or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Con, yiiftiop. Warrant of Distress, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties diHraiuing be cpnfidered TrcCppffer , or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity wlijqh shall Afterwards happen to be committed by the Party or parties.fio didraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which)he, i(}ie or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Coils, and no more* in ap Action of Trespass, or on the Case.

3S4 IX. A«4

1002

C.xlviiL

A.D. 1812.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

Where tried.

[Double Costs.]

Former Act* In force.

Colls and Charges of Act.

[Publick Act.]

52° GEO. III.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any thing 4pne in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought 5 and in case ^o such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before I flue joined, to pay into Court loch Sam of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no A&100 or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlesex % and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days Notice shall have been given, or after suficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and shall have Remedy for Recovery of the same, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit is other cases by Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Tfeiogs therein contained, shall remain and be in force as fully and effectually in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, a3 if the same were repeated and re-enatted in this present Act, except only as the same are hereby varied or altered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, (except as herein otherwise provided fer) shall he paid out of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be levied, collected or set, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or one of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spedaHy pleaded.

The

-I>-1812. 52° GEO. .HI. C.xlviii — liii. 1003

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, so far as relates to the Premises in Greek Street, Soho.

A CAPITAL Messuage or Tenement, with the Stables, Coach lotsfes. Outbuildings and Appurtenances, situate on the South Side £ Soho Square, and at the North End and on the East Side of >reek. Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, so far as relates to the Premises in Carlisle Street, Soho.

A MESSUAGE or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate on the North Side of Carlisle Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, aforesaid, lately in the Occupation of the said Commissioners of Sewers.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fife, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catnvater within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon; and for the more effectually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pamphlet Point across the contiguous Water of Lary within the said Manor.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. Ii.

An Act for paving, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. Hi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranston Hill ^g 0.3. c. xliv. Water Works to raise more Money for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and the Corporation, to preserve and improve the Port of Dublin, to vary the Scite heretofore fixed for the intended Bridge over the River Anna Ltffey, in the said City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot opposite the Four Courts, to a Spot opposite Charles Street or Mass Lane, in the said City 5 and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th April 1812 ]

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty 43^.3.cctxrii.

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its

S Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preservinjf

1004

C.liii.

AJ3.jSi2.

Grand Juries of County of City of Dublin and County of D <b-lin empowered to change Scite of Bridge.

Corporation empowered to borrow Money for building Bridge.

Gand Juries to present

£1, 041. 18. 8. expended on

5a- GEO. III.

f the Wails of At Rwer Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin; sad also for empowering the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin to build and repair Bridges over the said River within certain Limits, the said Corporation for preserving and improving

the Port of Dublin did, at Eqjler Term, in the Year of Our Lord

One thousand eight hundred and eight, lay before the Court of

King's Bench and the Grand Juries of the County of the Cky of

Dublin and County of Dublin, the Plan and t Climate of a Bridge'to be built over the River Anna Lifsy; which said Hao and Eiiimate the said Court and the said Grand Juries did approve of, and

did fix upon a Scite for the said Bridge, opposite to the Four Courts in the said City: And whereas the said Plan and Edimate were

afterwards, at the ensuing Michaelmas Term, approved of by the

Grand Juries of the County of the City and County of Dublin, and the Sum mentioned therein as the Estimate of the Expence thereof

was presented by them s And whereas, upon more mature Conii-

deration, the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Delft*

and County of Dublin, have found it would tend mure to public Coavcnience and Economy to build the said Bridge over the River Anna Li fey, opposite to Charles Street or Mass Lane, in (lead of opposite«to the Four Courts, in the said City May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Cords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tLe Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin shall and may hereafter, at any Eq/hr or Michaelmas Term after the passing of this Act, alter and change the Scite of the said Bridge, from the Spot opposite the Four Courts, to a Spot oppohte Charles Street or Mass Lasse, in the City of Dublin; and that when such Alteration and Change shall take place, the said Bridge Hull then be proceeded on under and subject to the Powers, Provisions, and Directions, contained in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation to take up and borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think iit, for the Purpose of biulding the said Bridge, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds at any Rate of Interest not exceeding legal Intereif in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to issue Debentures for the same under their Common Seal,; o such manner and formas they shall think proper; and which Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed shall be levied upon the Presentments made for building the said Bridge, by the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin; and the said Grand Juries are hereby authorized and required to present such further Sum or Sums of Money as (ludl or may be necessary to pay the interest upon the Sums so borrowed, until such Principal Sum shall be paid by such Presentments.

III. And whereas the said Corporation have expended a Sum of One thousand and forty one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and

Eight pence, in repairing Essex Bridge over the said River Anna Lijfey / Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury for the County of the City of Zhdk bn, and to and for the Grand Jury for the County of Dublin, at any

EtsfUr

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C. lui. 1005

Softer or MitbaAmas Term after the pacing of this Act, to present Essex Bridge by the said Sum of One thousand and forty one Pounds Eighteen Shil- Corporation, lings and Eight pence, to be raised, in Addition to any Sum already prefen ted by them for budding Bridges or repairing the Quay Walla oi the said City of Dublin.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it Audi and may be lawful for Corporation era* the said Corporation to prevent and remove all Obstructions, En- powered to re-croachmente and Nuisances whatsoever, on the Quays, Walls and ob- Bridges, of the said River Anna Liffey y within the Care, Management 1 ru loau Sind Superintendence of the fai<T Corporation as aforesaid, and to diitrain and fell £b much thereof by Public Cant, as shall or may be necessary to pay the Ex peaces of such Removal, and also to expend from time to time, in temporary necessary Repairs of the said Bridges over the said River Anna Liffey y any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in any One Year, the same to be paid out of the Funds applicable to rebuilding and repairing the Walls of the said River Anna Liffey Westward of Car liftt Bridge.

V. And whexeas an Act was made in the Thirty second Year 32 G.3. (lOc. 35. 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ref airing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dubiia, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty ftxlh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious: And whereas one other Act was made in the Thirty third Year of 33G-3.(l.)c. 54. 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the feud &€t:

4 And whereas one other Act was made in the Fortieth Year of 40 G. 3. (I.) 0.47. 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effcRugl Two fever a I ASsy one passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and another Act, passed in the Thirty second 1 Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin,

and for emending an Ady passed in the Twenty fxth Tear cf His Majt/ly's Reign y intituled Au AS for promoting the Trade of Dublin,

4 by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious: And whereas it has been found that some of the Provisions in the said recited Acts, relative to the Safes of the Lots and Grounds therein menbioned, are ineffectual for the said Purposes Be it therefore enacted,

That the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Corporation cm-

Dublin shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, powered to fell

under their Common Seal, to convey in Fee Simple the said North ccrum Gr°uud*'

Lots and South Lots and Grounds in the said lait fereral recited

A&8 mentioned, or such competent or convenient Parts thereof respectively as shall be sold by the said Corporation for the Purposes

iu fudi Acts, or any of them, mentioned, and to vest the Fee Simple

thereof in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and that on the Sale or Sales of any of the said North Lot6, or South Lots and Grounds,

or of any Part or Parts thereof, the Costs and Expences of dividing and inclosing such Part of such Lot or Lots or Grounds, together

with the Expences of all such Sales, and of delivering Possession to the

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be deducted out of the Produce of such Sale; and that in case at the time appointed for any Sale or Sales

loo 6

C. liii.

AJ3.x8i2.

Application of C'om->enli»tion if amounting to lool.

52- GEO. III.

Sales of the said Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any Par For Parts thereof, there should not be sufficient Bidders for the same, or that the said Corporation should think proper to adjourn such Sale or Sales, that then and in every such cate it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to adjourn the same from Day to Day, or for or until such time or times as they shall think fit, and to hold such Sale accordingly without being obliged to give any further or other Notice of such Adjournment or Adjournments, save what they or any Three or more Members of the said Corporation shall think it oeceflary to give, either verbally at the time of such Adjournment or Adjournments, or otherwise as they shall think fit; and that all Saks of the said Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be holden at the Royal Exchange) or at the Commercial BuilSngs, in the City of Dublin; and that all Notices of Sales of the said Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall be polled up at the Royal Exchange and in the Commercial Buildings of the said City, and chat it shall not be necessary to poll the same, or hold any Sales at the Tholfel of the said City; and that all Notices of Sales of the North Lots, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be polled up Three Calendar Months previous to such Sale or Sales, and inserted Three Times in the Dublin Gazette One Calendar Month at leall previous to such Sale or Sules; and that all Notice* of Sales of the said South Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or asy Part or Parts thereof, shall be polled Twenty one Days previous to such Sale or Sales, and inserted Twice in the Dublin Gazette. Fourteen Days at lead before the Days which shall be therein appointed for such Sale or Sales; and that a Receipt or Receipts, or Acknowledgment for the Amount of the Purchase Money inserted or contained in the Body of any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance from the said Corporation, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Lot or Lots, or any Part thereof, or indorsed on such Deed or Deeds, shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharges to the said Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for his, her or their respective Purchase Money 5 and that the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Lot, or of any Part of any Lot or Lots or Grounds, shall hold the same free and clear of and from all former Gifts, Grants, Conveyances, Leaks, Mortgages, Judgments and Incumbrances whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any JLandi, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or any of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any FeofTee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert or other Cestuique Trust, or any Persons whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Corporatioa for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Monpy shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation

A.D. 1812.

c.m.

52° GEO. III.

1007

bation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments) in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes 5 or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inveiled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Government Securities; and in the mean time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall* at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General in the High Court of Chancery iu Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Corporation for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination to be signified under the Hands of the nominating Parties, and such Approbation under the Common Seal of the said Corporation) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application of Coin pen fa tion if less than iool., and not exceeding zol

lo#8

C.Uii.

A.D. 1812.

Application of Compensation if left titan 20I

In case Title* not made out.

vr if Persons not found, Purchase Money l>aid into ii*uk«

Where Question Hi all arii'e touch* Ing Title to Money to be paid, Person in Possession of Land, tcc. at time of Purchase, deemed entitled*

52* Geo. ni.

VIIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherefoch Money so agreed or awatded to be paid at next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the ferae (hah be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Renta and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, in such manner as the said Corporation shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respedUrely.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Par-chafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Adb or this Act, or aay of thena. fhafi refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall be lawful to and for the said Corporation to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with tlfo Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to he placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interestea in the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describing firm], subject to the Oder, Cotitroul and Dispositxn of the Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, ihaQ be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be foid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respefclfve Eftatcor Lstates, Title or Intereti, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Carriers of the Bank of Ireland^ who shall receive such Sa n or Sums of Money, is and are required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specitying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to loch Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it forther enacted, That whew any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement* or Hereditaments, or of any Eft ate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased ii> pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dm* dends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements

or

A.D. 1812.

iooj

5r GEO. III. C.litn

or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall he deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly* unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and thatfome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by CowtofCfwm-reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or eery may ordci Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, reatn*kle Kx-to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this cYrftsto Ad, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid by Trustees.^fnto the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Corporation out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said rceited Acts, or this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposts as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And whereas under and by virtue of the said recited Acts 32 G. c. 3^ c passed in the Thirty second, Thirty third and Fortieth Years of 33*-3 (h)c. 54. ' the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Corporation are em- 40 G* $!))&47* c powered, in case of Non Payment of certain Rates therein Jtnd thereby chargeable on the said North and South Lots, upon due*Notice given as by said Acts directed, to sell and dispose of such Lots whereof the Races so chargeable shall be in Arreaf arid unpaid:

4 And whereas Difficulties may ariffc in obtaining Possession of such

4 Lots as may be so fold For remedy whereof, be it further Perfom to cfe*

enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in Possession of any l;crup Poflef-

JLot or Lots of Ground which shall be sold by the said Corporation (En of Premise*

as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, shall immediately upon such Sale, to or P°ratl011*

deliver up the Possession thereof to the Purchaser or Purchaser#

thereof, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised by the said Corporation to take Possession thereof 5 and in case any Person or Persons lo in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse or decline to give

such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the

feid Corporation to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or

Coroners of the County of Dublin, or to the Sheriffs or Coroners

of the County of the City of Dublin, accordingly as such Lot or Lots of Grounds may respectively be situate, commanding him or them to deliver the Possession of such Lot or Lots of Ground, or

of such Part or Parts of such Lot or Lots of Ground, to such Person

or Persons as shall be nominated in the said Precept or Precepts to

receive the same $ and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Coroner or Coto-

tiers, are hereby required to deliver up such Possession accordingly,

and to levy such ColL as shall be incurred by the issuing and executing

S.of

1010

C.liii — liv.

A.D. 1812.

Powers of former Act extended 10 Act.

O ft*, See. of Act bow paid.

[Public Act.]

3»G. 3. c. 41.

52° GEO. III.

of such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Perilous so refilling or declining to give possession as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisoes, Aids, Rates, Duties, Funds, Penalties, Clauses and Enactments, in the said several recited Acts, contained save and except such Parts of the same as ai* vaiied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts, or by this present Act) shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to pay and discharge out of their Funds, all such Costs and Expences as have been or may be incurred in and about obtaining and passing this Act; and, in order that the said Corporation may be re-imbursed all such Sums as shall be so paid and advanced by them, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin at any presenting Terms, to present, to be raised of the said County of the said City, and paid to the said Corporation, all such Sums as the said Corporation shall have so paid and advanced, together with legal Interest for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, Juries and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. liv.

An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service. {[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the 4 y, thirty feCQnd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out 4 a further Sum of the Suitors Money, upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards dise barging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Oftiee for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatiesy and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Courts and [the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose, taki n out of the Common and General Cash belonging to the

Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unem-

ployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the 4 fLrne of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary

Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled An Account of Monies placed out for the Beuefti and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pur-

I*fuauce

A, i>. i8n.

C.lhr.

1011

52° GEO. III.

fuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments thereby directed to be made and paid 5 and also the several other Payments directed to be made by Two several Acts of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them intiiuled An Act for 46 G. 3. c.iat making Provision for such Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of

4 Chancery, as from Age or Infirmity shall be defrous of rejigning their Offices, with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court; and the other of such Acts, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries for the 46 G. 3. c. 129.

frefent Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respeS of the said Office; and by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub 49 G. 3. c. lxix.

4 Registrars or Deputy Registrars of the High Court of Chancery, as

from Age or Infirmity shall be affiiSed with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office, and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the C lerks in the Register's Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court,

and for making other Payments and Regulations in respeS of the said (fffices; and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building certain Offices for the 50 G. 3. e. clxiv Examiners, Curjitors, Clerk of the Crown, and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court, and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks,

4 as from length of Service, or from Age and Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office, and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court, and for making other

Payments in respeS of the said Offices, have been from time to time made and paid, and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from all Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the said first and last mentioned Acts, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account,

intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chan-

eery; And whereas by the said last mentioned Act it was, among § x.

other things, enacted, that out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or which should then after lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in Pareels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the

f<ud Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in«and by such Orders should be directed, to the Intent that the In*

J 52 Geo. III. 3 T terell

toil

I» «. 4. c. 14.

4 G. 3. c. 3».

9 G. 3 c. 19.

C.lir.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

terest and annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out, might be applied for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Secaritici when purchased, should be carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suiters of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Security 1^ any Monies not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Comm

and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying tie interest arising therefrom for arfwrring the Charges of the OJicr of the Accountant General of t he said Court: And by anothh- Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, mtitnkd An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, up* proper Securities, a further Sum of Money not exceeding a Sn therein limited, out of the Common and General Ca/h in the Bark: f England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and Jlr afplyls^ the interest arising therefrom towards answe ring the Charges §f lit Office of the Accountant General of the said Court: And by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay at upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money net exceeding i Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Gash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Courts and toff+y the interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court e And by the above mentioned Acts of the Thirty second and Forty litth Yetn of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery made in pursuance of the said several Act, the present Clerks in the Office of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, have and receive out of th* Infcftft and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out fee the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court tj Chancery, and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Aecoaat, intituled Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Intrrrfi itrrjhg from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Be it Jit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Choice ry, the several Payments and Sums herein after mentioned, nittehfj the First Clerk the Yearly Sum of Five hundred Pottnds, tie Second Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Ponnds, tie Third Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, tie* Fourth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the Fifth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, tlk» Sixth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the Seventh Clerk tW Yearly Sum of Three 'hundred Pounds, the Eighth Cletk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Ninth Clerk* the Ycatly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Tenth Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds tnd the Eleventh Clerk the Yearly Spm of One hundred and eighty Pounds; And whereas lince the passing of the said llrft roentiSsed

*Ad

>. 1812.

CAW.

GEO. III.

1013

£k the Bufinefi of the said Accountant General's Office of tfhe >urt of Chancery is greatly increased and is annually increasing: rid whereas owing to the great Increase in theneceflary Expences Liring, the Incomes provided by the said Acts for the Clerks in e said Office are greatly reduced in Value, and they have not the ?ans of making any Provision for themselves in their advanced or for their Families thereout 5 and considering the Nature of cir Employment, it is reasonable, that after a long Series of Years rnt in the Service of the Snitore of the said Court, some Proviftod >uld be made for them May it therefore please Your Majesty it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mod Exit t Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may The Lord Chan-wful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the cellor may order, d Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the an Annuity to at Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Jr, c.rk* era of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time ]clerks t Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose by the Ac- becoming infirm itant General, or any of the Clerks in his said Office, to order after Fifteen 1 an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Years Service rk who shall have acted in the Capacity of Clerk in the said tee for the Space of Thirty Years, or who having a died in the >acky of Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Fifteen Years,

1 be rendered incapable of performing the Duties of a Clerk in said Office through permanent Illnefa or Infirmity, as the said rd High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall >k fit and fee Occasion, not exceeding the yearly Salary payable to 1 Clerk at the time of making such Application; the same to be 1 o»t of the Interest and Dividends arising from Securities pur-fed and to be pnrebafed in pursuance of the said several Acts 01* of them; in which Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of ting the same shall be distinctly stated and specified, and the An-ty or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the erect and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary rarities (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all aries and other Sums of Money which by the several Acts herein-ore mentioned or referred to, or any other Act heretofore made I passed, are directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by even I equal Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the th Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of ober in every Year, to the Clerk named in such Order, from the*therein to be mentioned, for and during the Term of his natural fe, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of Decease.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadfod, That nothing herein Clerks removei rtained shall extend or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any 35 heretofore, sfent or future Clerk in the said Office from being removed or dif-

cedat any time, in such manner and by such Authority as Clerks the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

III. And be it further enacted, That in the Place of any Clerk to Clerks appointed K>m sn7 Annuity or yearly Sum shall be ordered to be paid in pur- in of*uch laceof this Act, some other Person of Efficient Ability shall be "

3T 2 ww.GW#!4

1014

C> lif*

A.D. 1811.

*$te GEO- III.

3* G. 3. c. 42. §3-

§4.

I S-

appointed a Clerk in the said Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the Clerks in the said Office hare heretofore beea appointed.

IV. And whereas by the said Act made and passed in the Thirty

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, among ft other things, that, out of the Dividends and Ioterest 0£

the Securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act, there

should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of

Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, the Expellees of preparing and passing the said Act, and certain yearly Sums to the Clerks of the said Accountant General therein mentioned; and then such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pound*,

as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, should, by any Order or Orders of the said Court, direct to be applied in purchasing Ground for, and c 4 building and completing the Offices and Repofitorics theranafier directed to be built and completed; and such farther Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, as should be necessary for keeni^ 4 such Offices and Repertories, and also the Offices of the Regifenr and the Accountant General in Repair, and for insuring all the foi Offices and Repositories from Fire; and it was thereby further enacted, that under the Direction of the Lord High Chancellor cc Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissiooen (or the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being. 4 by any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, proper and convenient Offices for the said Maften ia Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, for the Secretaries of Baskrupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and safe and secure Repottones for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and beloagi&g 4 to the Suitors of the said Court, delivered or to be delivered to the said Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and the Records, Proceedings, Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings delivered or to be defoered to or left in the Custody of the said Secretaries of Bankrupts asd Lunatics respectively, together with a Public Office for the Sman of the said Court of Chancery, in the Stead or Place of the then Public Office, should be built and made fit for the Reception of tk said Masters and Secretaries, and the Transaction of their respecti* 4 Business therein; and that for those Purposes a proper Piece of Ground should be purchased and such Houses or Buildings as might be upon such Ground; and that the Ground and Houses so to be purchased should be from time to time conveyed to, and the £br 4 were thereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs md Successors, for the Purposes of the said Act; and it was thereb further enabled, that it should and might be lawful to and for tk Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, cr the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Gnu Britain, for the time being, from time to time, by any Order«

the said High Court of Chancery, to apply such Sum or Soou si Money as mould be necessary in keeping the said Offices and Re*

pofitories so to be built and completed as aforesaid, and the Often of the Registrar and Accountant General, in good and foftriert Repair, and in insuring the same Premises respectively from Damage by Fire: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, a Piece of

T 4 Gnxtti

D. 1812«

C.liv.

*15

52° GEO. III.

Ground situate on the South Side of a Street called Southampton Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, hath been purchased, and Offices for the said Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, and for the said Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and Repositories for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, together with a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, have been built and made fit for the Re* ception of the said Masters and Secretaries, and the Transaction of their respective Business therein; and the said Offices and Repofi-tories, and also the said Offices of the Registrarand the Accountant General have been kept in Repair out of the Dividends and Intereil of the Securities hereinbefore mentioned: And whereas from the Increase of Business, it may be necessary to make some Additions to, or Alterations in the said Offices and Repositories, and to purchase some Buildings and Pieces of Ground adjoining or near: thereto, in order to render the same more convenient for the Transaction of Business therein, and more secure from Damage by Fire

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said i^nd, &c. m»y Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the b« purchased to Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great enlarge Buildings Britain, from time to time, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to order any Additions or Alterations to be made to or ep°lton, % in the said Offices and Repositories, built in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Offices of the Registrar and the Accountant General; and also to order any Piece or Pieces of Ground adjoining or near to the said Offices, or any of them, with or without any Buildings thereon, to be purchased, and the Buildings (if any) on such Piece or Pieces of Ground when purchased, to be pulled down, as he or they shall think fit or fee Occasion; and all such Piece or Pieces of Ground so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Money laidout the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, from time to time, by any Order or Orders £Tve° of the said Court of Chancery, to apply any Sum or Sums of Money Hundred Pounds not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in any One Year, Year, in making any such Additions or Alterations as hereinbefore mentioned, or in the Purchase of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, as hereinbefore mentioned, and in pulling down the Buildings, if any thereon; and all such Sum and Sums of Money (not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in any one Year) as the said Lora High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall from time to time order to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, for the Purpose, be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) out of the Dividends and Intereil of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased and to be purchased in pursuance of the Acts hereinbefore recited, mentioned or referred to, or any of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation# to

3 T 3 aggregate ku

101$ C.lir. 52° GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

or foie, and for all Executors or Administrator*, His-bands, Guardians, Committees a«d other Trustee# whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Suoceflort, and also for Tenants for Life of EfUtes in Settlement, if of Age, other than Femes Covert, and for the Guardians for such Tenants for Life a may be Infants, and the Husbands of such Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all Infants, I flue unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or under any other Dif-sbility, and also for Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenemeots, Herwl> taments, Easements or Privileges which may be thought peeper ted convenient to be purchased for the Purposes and in pursuance of this Act, to treat, contract and agree for the Sale of all and every such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafeoeit* and Privileges for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant, feM and cobwv the same for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be nhd to all Intents and Purposes > any Law, Statute, Usage, Settlenect, Will, Custom or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Trustees. Executors. Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and (hah be hereby indemnified for via! they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

/pplieition of

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Compensation to be paid for any Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased. Money amount- taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Parpofet i ag to aool. thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fir* amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convfia?« Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wick the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaocwy, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction ltd with the Approbation of the fairl Court, to be signified by an Orir made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Peris or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and PnoSu of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purckafeor Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of arr Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, a*tb? said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Teecraecu ar Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the same or like Vk % Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be £0 appfei then the same mall be laid out and inveiled, under the like Dwethoz and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be convey*nd settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, latest and Puraoses, and in the same manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or hatiud or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall beexisting, undetermined and capable of taking ESca: and in the mean time, and until such Purahafe shall be made, the fa:Moe

-D.z8i3*

52° GEO. III.

C.lfrv

1017

Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in veiled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application of

Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands. Tenements or Here- lcl*

jditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such cases, the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under his or their respective Hands, bp paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore diddled; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, (such Nomination to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any m inner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application of Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less Compensation if than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases, the same s 1 111 ao shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as they shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons fe entitled respectively,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money Question null to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the arise touching Privity of the said Accountant General in purfuar.ee of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any sons iuPoflef* Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fion tutitled. to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to bye purchased with any fuqh Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall nave been in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments*

3T4

loiS

CAW.

A.D. 1812.

Court of Chancery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Expences of Atl provided Lr.

Surplus Inter eft placed out on Securities.

$ % G.3.C 4s.

Application.

Securities may be chanted.

52° GEO. III.

at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Person*, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, dull be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chan- 4 eery; and the Dividends and Imereft of the Bank Annuitie* to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and* disposed of accordingly, unlrfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the Cud Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be por-chafed as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Expences of building the said Offices and Repositories are hereby directed to be paid

XII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities par-chafed and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred is procuring and pamng this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expencei of all Proceedings nad or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest ami annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery; and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands o^ the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery in cale it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commimoners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great

Brit St1

A.D. 1812.

C. liv — lviii.

52° GEO. III.

1019

Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Couit of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Provif? for That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this calling inMonej. Ad, if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money

placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the whole or any part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Cash belonging to such Suitors.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to prein this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent, any Y* Keform in Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, CfcS, &c* by any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same.

[Public Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lv.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for 300.2^.57. making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, 310.3. c. 68. building a Bridge or Bridges at Inchtnnan, and regulating the 3* G- 3- c. iai.

Statute Labour of the said County, and for other Purposes re- 43 3* c

lative thereto. (*) [20th April 1812.]

[New Rates of Pontage at Inchtnnan Bridge. Tolls of 43 G. 3. to continued as to cease, new Tolls granted.] Roads under

6 J this Act.

Cap. lvi.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Warminster, and from Fromey 17 G. 3. C. 99. to the Bath Road 5 and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, 39 & 40G. 3. in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. (a) [20th April 1812.] c. lxix.repealed.

[.Additional Tolls from November to February.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry. (b) [20th April 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 12 G. 3. c. 95. repairing the Road from Berjlreet Gates > in the City of Norwich, 30G. 3.C. 87. to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk. (a)

[20th April t$ia.]

Cap

io^o

A.D. 1812.

jj o.j.c 137. leptaled.

10 G. 3. c. 94. 31 G. 3.C. 98.

10 G 3 c. 63. 3X G. 3. c. 116.

46 G. j. c.calv.

C. lioc — lxvi, u J2° GEO. III.

Cap. lix.

An Act for amending the Roads from Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the county of ; and from Ben-

to Brownb'dl\ and from Grains to Delphi ail within W-dlcworth, in the said County of 7-ori. (tf)[20th April 1812 ]

Cap. Ix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His per-sent Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellfboum Moust fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, (s)

£2Qth jipril 1812 J

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and WellcJbourne I Listings, in the County of IV 1r-5wick. (a) ^20th April IS 12*3

[.Additional Trustees. Fortner Toils repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday. j

Cap. lxii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of Hisprefrnt Majesty. for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Readings and to Hettley Bridge in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Second Diilrift of the said Roads.

[20th April 1812.]

[Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Remainder cfTcrm under former Ad.']

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes oT Ovingbani9 Bjwdl Saint Peter and Bywell Saint Andrew, in the County of Nor/bes-Iceland, (q. P.)

[20th April 1612.]

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe* of Disferth and Llanelweth, in the County of Radnor.

(q. P.) ^2uth April 1S12.3

Cap. lxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Thornthwaite, in the Parish of Qrojihwaite, and County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Great Sbijford otherwise West Shejford, in the County of Berks. (q P.)

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crayford, in the County ai Kent.

(q. P.)

[20th April i3i2.3

Cap

A.D. 1812.

C.Uviii — lxxr*

xo; i

GEO. III.

CapAxriu.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe* of Rockland Saw* Andrew*

Rockland All Saints and Rockland Saint Peter* in the County of Norfolk.

(q. P.)

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal From the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near Way ford Bridge, near Dilbam, to the Town* of North Walsham and Anlingham, in the County of Norfolk.

[5th May 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of The North Walfham and Dilham Canal Navigation incorporated.3

Cap. lxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the 47 G. 3. Sefl*. 2. River Medway, near Brandbridges in the Parish of Ea/f Peckham c' in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parish of Appledore in the said County; and also certain Navigable Branches and Railway* from the said intended Canal.

[$th May 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of The Weald of Kent Canal incorporated."]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for building a Chapel in the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex.

[5til May 1812.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending certain Mileivays leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, and for other Purposes.

[5th May 1812.]

11 G 3. c 19. 21 G. 3. c. 47.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting and watching 3* G. 3. c. 64. the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough 3& G. 3. c. 45, of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing r*P*aled. Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

£5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His 1* G. 3.0.69. present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleaufing, lighting, water- 3* G. 3.0.1b'. ing and watching such Part of the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the Well Side of Tottenham Court Road.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for 5&6 W. & M. better afiefUng and collecting the Poor and other Rates of the Parish c* -

of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for JxG.*3*&a£ more effectually paving, widening and improving the Streets and g. 3. other Place* within and adjoining to the said Parish. 23 G. 3. c. 32.

[5th May 1812.] cc. 86.35*

Cap.

C. lxxvi — lxxviii.

A.D. 1812.

3 o. J. c.ss. iQ part repealed.

See 15 C. 3. c. 16.

49 C. 3. c. ax.

New Commissionerj.

£2* GEO. III.

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, but within the Liberties, of Ncnoca/He upon Tyne.

[5 th May 1812]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for better supplying with Coal the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford. £jth May 1812.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth and Portsea, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Sfithead, Saint Helen.s, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in toe County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said I Hand, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth and Portsea and other Places, within Portsmouth*Harbour, and to and from Spithead, Saint Helens, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Farts of such Watermen: And whereas the said Act has been found in- encftual for answering the good Purposes thereby intended, and it*is expedient that the same should be altered and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the Port Admiral of Portsmouth for the time being, the Lieutenant Governor of Portsmouth for the time being, the junior Port Admiral for the time being, the Commandant of the Royal Engineers for the time being, the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at Portsmouth for the time being, the Agent Victualler at Ports mouth for the time being, the Resident Agent for Transports at Ports mouth for the time being, Herbert Alien, Elias Bruce Amaud Esquire, Elias Amaud, Thomas Atkinson, John Atkins, William Bur ridge, John Burridge, Nathaniel Baker, William Beaxley, John Baker, Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, James Carter, Charles Carter Esquire, the Reverend James Collins, William Deacon Esquire, George Dunn, Robert Forbes the Younger, George Garrett, Joseph Gibjom, Archibald Heartley, John Haljlead Esquire, Andrew Hewson, Henry Hicks, Thomas Hojhins the Younger, William Johnfan, Robert Darken Esquire, John Lindegren, Thomas Mottley, John Turner Merritt, Moses Miall9 James Matthews, Robert Mends Esquire, George M'Kinley Esquire, Luke Nichols, George Par meter, Thomas Paul, James PaulJofcph Pcurfons, Nathaniel Port lock Esquire, John Rood, John King, George Sauce, William Speneer, John Sutton Sbvgar, Jonathan Shute, William Titchcr Esquire, Thomas Waller M. D., Henry White, James White, Daniel Woodriffe Esquire, Thomas Smith William and David William Weddall, being qualified in the manner directed

16 by

-A.I3.1812.

C.lxxviiu

1023

52° GEO. III.

l>y the said Act, shall be added to and joined with the Commissionera appointed for putting the said Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if they had been named and appointed in aand by the said Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day 49 G- 3-c.cxe. of yfugujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of the $ xo* P"1 said Act as directs the said Commissioners to make and settle Two rcPet e' dillind Tables of Rates and Fares payable in fair Weather, and in foul Weather, and to provide Flags to be hoisted in order to determine the time when such Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

lit. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissioneri for the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the cs 0 said Act, to make and settle such and so many Tables of Rates and Fares, to be taken by the said Watermen from and after the said First Day of August for the Carriage and Conveyance of any Person or Persons, Horses, and other Cattle and Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appear to be necessary; and, in order to determine the time when such Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, the said Commi(Doners shall provide such and so many Flags to be hoisted at some convenient Place or Places at Gosport, Portsmouth or Portsea % by such Person or Persons, and in such manner and Form as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said Act, from time to time, order and appoint; and which said Person or Persons shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, from time to time direct, and so long as any Flag or Flags so to be provided as aforesaid shall remain hoisted, the extra dr Foul-weather Fares to be denoted thereby shall be respectively payable, and at all other times except as herein after mentioned, the Fares to be denominated the Fine-weather Fares shall be payable: Provided Provift. always, that if the said Flag or Flags shall be hoisted or hauled down while the said Waterman or Watermen, or any or either of them, is or are in the Act of carrying any Person or Persons to or from any Place or Places as aforesaid, the said Watermen shall be paid the Rate or Rates, Fare or Fares, which was or were payable at the time such Person or Persons first left the Shore or Place in the Boat of such Waterman or Watermen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That One of the said Flags, to be Phgsfor foul and provided by the said Commissioners, shall denote dangerous Weather, falr Wetther* and, during such time as the said Flag for denoting dangerous Weather shall be hoisted, no such Waterman shall be compelled or compellable to carry or convey any Person or Persons, Hones, or other Cattle,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to or from any Place or Places within the Limits of the said Act, or of this Act; nor shall any such Waterman be subject or liable to any Fine or Penalty whatsoever for refilling to carry or convey any such Person or Persons, Horses, Cattle,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, during the time such Flag shall be hoisted, nor for taking or receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money as he may contract or agree with any Person or Persons to receive for Carriage or Conveyance, in case any such Waterman shall think proper to work during the time such Flag shall be hoisted.

3* c.cxc. § i z. how far repealed*

Night F*rep.

49 G. 3. c. cxct §J-

Waterrtien not obliged to have Assistant in fine Weather.

Assistant* to be licensed Watermen.

Persons appointed to examine Watermen, &c*

Watermen to have ierved Three Years at Sea, Or been all Apprentice.

C.texviSi 52° GEO. III. JLD.iSi*

V. And, for the better Regulation of the Night Fares to be £& by the said Watermen, be it further enacted, That, from rad liter the said First Day of Au$ufl, so much of the said Act as azrtfconan the said Watermen to demand double the Rate of Fare fixed bylfae Table of Rates between certain Hours, (had be and n hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Waterses to demand and receive such an increased Rate of Fare for warkk-g in the Night, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or orore of thas, shall from time to time authorize and direct.

VI. Ami whereas by the said Act it is enacted, Tint whenever any licenced Waterman shall be hired to go to any Place, Ship or

Vessel, without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, every such Water man shall, on such Occasion, have, at kaft. One Assistant: And whereas such Regulation hath been found inconvenient, Be it therefore further enacted, that, from and after the pafing of this Act, the said Watermen shall not be required to take an AfE&aat, nor be subject or liable to the Penalty by the said Act imposed for not having an Assistant at any time when the Rates or Fares to be appointed for fine Weather shall be payable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons employed by any licenced Waterman shall be deemed and considered a Assistant within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, tudeCi feeb Person shall be licenced as x Waterman in pursuance of the said Act or this Act.

VI n. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, if they shall think fits to nominate and appoint any Nomber of Persons not exceeding Three, of known and approved nautical Skill, to examine the fema Watermeti who shall apply for Licences under the said Act, and to report their Opinion to the said Commissioners as to the Qualifkatioos Skill and Ability of such Watermen; and aHo to make out, for the Approbation of the said Commissioners, such several Tables of Rates and Fares as are by this Act directed to be made, and to recommend to the said Commissioners such Flags and Signals as are directed by this Act to be hoisted, and to insped the Boats and Tackle to be ufrd by the said Watermen; and that the said Commissioners, or any Seven Or more of them, shall and may alknv and pay to the said several Persons, so to be appointed by them, fcch Yearly Salary as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall feecn proper, sot exceeding the Yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds to each such Person \ and that no such Person Or Persons shall be capable of acting in the Execution of the several Duties hereby appointed, until he or they shall have taken an Oath to execute, perform and discharge the said several Duties faithfully and impartially, without Favor or ASe&oa, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of then, is and are hereby empowered and required to admioifler.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be entitled to a Licence under the said Act from the said Commisfiooers vnlefs such Person shall have served at Sea for the Space of Three Years, or for the like Period shall have worked in the said Harbour of Portsmouth, previous to the passing of this Act, or shall have fcrwd an Apprenticed ip of Three Years to a Waterman licenced by virtue «f this Act.

A.D. 1812.

£.lxxvlu.

52° GEO. III.

X. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the said re-

cited Act, the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution

have Power to refuse to renew any Licence or Licences, which may have been granted to any Waterman or Watermen in pur*9fuance of the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at every Meeting to be held on the First Turf day in the Month of November, in each Year, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments of such Annual Meeting, shall have full Power and Authority, at their Discretion, to refuse to renew any such Licence or Licences, in like manner as they are by the said recited Act authorized and empowered to refuse any original Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons applying for the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, and he i9 hereby required to make out and deliver to the Town Clerk of the said Borough of Portsmouth for the tim£ being, a true Copy of the Lift, directed by the said recited Act, to be made of the Persons who shall have obtained any original or renewed Licence from the said Commissioners, with the Number, Namd and Place of Abode of every such Person or Persons so licenced, within Fourteen Days after every such Lift shall have been annually made out, in pursuance of the said Act and that all Persons may hare Access to such Copy of the said Lift in the Office of the said Town Clerk, and be it Liberty to inspect the same at any time between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling, if the Person desiring such Inspection be not a licenced Waterman, and without any Fee or Reward if he be.

1 XII. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Watermen

and other Persons from the Provisions of the said Act and this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Waterman or other Person or Persons residing at Bracting, Ryde, Cowesi or any other Place in the Isle of Wight between Saint Helens and Cowes, to work oh the Passage to and from the said JJh of Wight, in any Boat or Boats kept at the said Island, without any Licence from the said Commissioners, and without being in any respect liable to the Regulations or Restrictions of the said Act or this Act; provided always, that if any such Waterman or other Person or Persons shall ply for Hire at Gosport, Portsmouth or Portsea, or at Uny Place within Ports mouth Harbourf or shall carry, or engage td carry, any Person or Persons for* Hire or Reward, from thence to Spithetsd, Saint Helens, the Motkerbanl, Stoies Bay, or any other Part within the IJlt of Wight, or to any Ship or Vessel lying the reat, ett to any Place between Saint Helms and Coives (other than and except the Person or Persons by and for whom such Waterman or other Person or Persons shall previously on the same Day have been hired or engaged at tire said I Hand) such Waterman or other Person or Persons so plying for Hire, or carrying, or engaging to carry, any Person or Persons, Horses or Cattle, or any Good9, Wares or Merchandize for Hire, to any of the said Places, shall be subject to the Penalty by the said Act and this Act imposed for working for Hrro within the Limits of the said Act, without a Licence from the said Commissioner*.

1025

Commissioners may refuse to gram Licences.

Lift of licenced v Persons delivered to Town Clerk of Portsmouth.

Certain Watermen exempted from Act.

Proviso,

C.lxxviii.

A.D. 1812.

Number of pjf. fengers in Wherries limited

49 G. 3 c. cxc.

I8.

49 G. 3. c.cxc.

5 37. As to Application of Penalty repealed.

Application

thereof

Hawsers not to be placed acroi's Passage.

[Penalty.]

52° GEO. III.

XIII. And, for the greater Safety of Passengers, be it farther eo-ested, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall cot be lawful for any Waterman working on the said Passage to take, receive into or carry in any Wherry or Boat any more than Six Persona at one and the same time, when such Flag as shall denote the highest Rate of Fare to be payable, shall be or remain boifled, or more than Eight at one and the same time, when such Flag shall not be hoisted; and in case any such Waterman shall take or receive into or carry in any Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Period* thsa are respectively allowed to be carried as aforesaid, every such Water-man shall be subject and liable to the Penalty in the said Act or this Act imposed, for carrying a greater Number of Perilous than therein mentioned.

XIV. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That if any Mailer, or other Person, having the Command of any Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, shall pfece or permit, or suffer any such Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Bk>at, to lie over or upon the Hard or Landing Place on the Gosport Side of the said Harbour of Portsmouth, every such Mailer or other Person should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid and applied in manner thereinafter mentioned; be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Application of the Penalty thereby imposed shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the paling of this Act, all and every Penalty and Penalties which shall or may be paid and recovered for any Offence against the said recited Qairie of the said Act, shall be paid and applied in and towards the maintaining and repairing of the said Hard or Landing Place at Gosport aforesaid.

XVI. And whereas very serious Danger is frequently erperienced in eroding the said Harbour of Portjmouthy by reason of Hawsers and Ropes extending for a considerable Distance from Ships and Vessels lying in the said Harbour, to the Shore 00 cither Side of the said Harbour, or from one Ship or Vessel to another,

and also by such Ships and Vessels lying in such a Situation as to obtlruft the said Passage to and from Portsmouth, Portsea, and Gosporty and great Inconvenience is occasioned by Vessels lying 00 4 the Beach at Portsmouth, whereby Boats are hindered from landing their Passengers there; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Mailer or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour, who shall permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel to be moored or faffened by, or shall place or lay out, or permit or suffer to be placed or laid out, any Hawser or Rope from such Ship or Vessel to the Shore, on either Side of the said Harbour, or from such Ship or Vessel to any other Ship or Vessel, or shall lay such Ship or Vessel in such a Situation in the said Harbour as to obstruct the Passage to and from Portjmouiby Portsta or Gosporty or shall lay any such Ship or Vessel for more than One Tide on the said Beach at Portsmouth, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Som not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Information before any Justice 01 the Peace aftu^ia

and

520 Geo. nr.

C.lxxviii.

1027

and for the Borough of Portsmouth, with Power of Appeal by any Person who may think himielt aggrieved by the Adjudication of any such Justice to the Mayor and Justices assembled at the next Quarter Sessions of the said Borough, on giving Ten Days Notice of his Intention to appeal, such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied in such manner as by the said Act, or this Act, is directed; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty or in His Majesty's Service; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties by the said Act imposed, for Offences committed against the same, shall be and the same are hereby repealed 5 and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all Offenders, on whom any Fiues or Penalties are imposed by the said Act, shall for every Offence committed against the same forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be brought, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, except for working upon the said Paf-sage, or between any of the Places mentioned in the said Act, without having obtained a Licence from the said Commissioners, for which last mentioned Offence every Offender shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds 5 and all and every the said Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed, shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as the Fines and Penalties by the said Act imposed are thereby di-redied to be levied and recovered.

XVIII. And, for the due Encouragement of the Watermen working on the said Passage, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and out of the Monies arising under the said Act, or this Act, to form and establish a Fund for the Purpose of relieving any decayed Watermen working, or who shall have been accudomed to work on the said Passage, or of relieving the Widows or Children of any deceased Waterman who shall have been accustomed to work on the said Passage, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting under the said Act shall order and direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Commissioners to retain the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence for his own Trouble, out of every Sum paid for any Licence to be granted under the said Act, whether the same be an original or a renewed Licence.

XX. And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, That the said Commissioners may make such Allowance to their Clerk and Treasurer for the time being, as to them should seem reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty five Pounds a Year: And whereas the said Allowance has been found cjuite inadequate* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissionerf; , or any Seven or more of them, to make such additional Allowance to their Clerk and Treasurer as they shall think a fair and adequate Recompence for his Trouble, not exceeding Fifty Pounds a Year.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall at any Public Meeting to be held pursuant to the said Act, in case a Majority of such Commissioners attending such Meeting shall so think proper, nominate and appoint an additional Clerk to the One already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in pursuance of the Provisions of the -said recited Act; provided always, that such ad-£2 Geo. III. 3U ditionaj

King's Ships.

Former Penalties repealed.

New Penalty.

Cofcimissioners may eftdblish Fund for Relief of decayed Watermen.

Payment t# Clerk.

49 Q. 3. c.c §7-

Additional Allowance to Clerk for Licences.

An additional Clctk appointed.

1028

C.lXXVIM.

AJ). 181V

Mtetinfi held alternately at Oof port and Portsmouth.

Junfi&ftion of JuAiccs.

49 G. j. c. cxc.

I 3«- 3* in part rtpealed.

AppttL

Notiae.

Recofoitaoce.

52° GEO. III.

ditional Qcrk shall not bo entitled to any of the Fees or Salary of the Clerk already appointed or who shall or may be appointed in par* fuance of the said Act, but such additional Clerk shall have such Annual Salary as the Majority of the said Commissioners shall, at such Meeting, settle and determine j provided also, that Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the manner prescribed by the said Act, of the Intention to ele3 such additional Clerk.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings under the said Act shall be held alternately at the Borough of Gosport and Borough of Portsmouth, and that all Notices and other Matters and Things directed by the said Act, to be affixed on certain Places in the said Act specified, shall and may be affixed on such Places or on such other Places as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall from time to time at any Meeting under the said Act, order or direct.

XXIII. And, in order to determine the Jurisdiction upon the Water of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton and those for the said Borough of Portsmouth, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said respective Justices shall and may have and exercise a concurrent Jurisdiction over all Offences committed upon the Water, within the Limits aforesaid, against the said Act or this A &; and the Parties aggrieved may in such case make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or those for the said Borough, as they shall think proper.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Power given to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton and the Borough of Portsmouth respeffivdyr to determine Offences against the said Act upon the Water, 'tmd to Appeals against any thing done in pursuance thereof, by the said* Justices, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, as to any thing done by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, and as to any thing done by any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Portsmouth, to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, at the then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden in and for the said County or Borough respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Cause of such Appeal, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of nis, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next after fudt Notice given, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Borough, as the case may require, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty rounds, conditioned to try such Appeal at such Sessions, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices upon the Hearing of the said Appeal; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, at the said Sessions, to which the said Appeal shall be, made, or if they Audi foe fit to adjourn

A.D. 1812.

C. lxxviii — lxxxi.

1029

52° GEO. III.

the same, to the Sessiont then next following at farthest, hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Re-fpondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices respectively shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, Final, binding and conclusive to all Parties concerned or interested therein.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Coils, Charges and ^fences rf Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of the said former Ad, and of this Act, shall be borne and paid out of the Money arising from the Sums paid for Licences by the said Watermen, under the said Act, and from the Fines thereby imposed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be con- Ad conftme* strued, adjudged, deemed and taken as Part of the said recited Act, as*art of

as much and in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes what- fonner AA* soever, as if the several Clauses, Powers and Authorities herein contained had been enacted and inserted in the Body of the said recited Act; and all Clauses, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, for the Purposes and due Execution thereof, are hereby declared to be extended to, and shall and may operate, and be allowed, performed, exercised and put in Force (in all cases where the same are not hereby altered or repealed) for the due Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to au Intents and Purposes, as cotlld or might have been, in case such Clauses, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Act, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed PuWIc Ad. and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty first: Year of 51 G. 3. c.cxcviii. Hfe present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and maintaining c-c*ctii.

certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth; and for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the said County, and more effectually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the same.

[5th May 1812.]

[The Term of the Am ndmentt to the First recited Act is for 20 Tear/,

&fr.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River A*oon* at or near Stratford ape* Avon, in the County of Wanvtcl* and for widening the same Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto.

[5 th May 1812/J

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury* in the j O.a. c. is*

County of Kent. \b).

[5th May j8|2.]7 O c. 4.]

10 o. 3. c. 69.

3U2 Cap.

A.D. 1812.

to3# C.lxxxii — lxxxviii. 52° GEO. III.

Cap. lxxxii*

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of H'uukley, in the County of Leicester. (a) [5th May 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. lxxxiii.

|i$, j. e.ui. An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Power* of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of ChrijUan malfora Bridge, and from Caine to Lynebam Green, and from the Direction Pod in Long Leaxe Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts* (r).

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

jo 5.j.«. 113. An Act for repairing the Roads from Butterton Moor End to the 31 G. 3. <- i»7* Turnpike Road from Buxton to Ashbome; from BlaSon Moor to the same Turnpike Road near Newhaven; and from Warjlow to Efton Mine, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, (a)

[5th May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. lxxxv.

|o G. 3. «. no An Act For enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Denbigh to the Northop and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for extending the Poweis of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road, (r) [5th May 1812.] [Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. Ixxxri.

9 6. 3.C.S1. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirty 31 0. i-c-first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellafiom, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and AJbborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford'* (r)

[5th May iSiz.2

Cap. lxxxvii.

O. 3 i*6. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwejlto the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke, (r) [5th May i8is*3

£ Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

q*c. 66. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His ao G* 3* c. ii* present Majesty, for repairing feveml Roads to and from TusJhdL

in the County of Stafford, (b) fyth May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap.

52° GEO. III.

C.lxxxix — xcvi.

1031

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His 33 G. 2. c. 51. late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tembi/l to 18 G. 3.C. 86. Newport, in the County of Salop, (b) [5th May 1812.]

4i^a3JU.K.)

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday on Newport Division.] as to Newport

District of

Cap. xc. Second Division*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the 10 G. j.c, 92-Tenth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing 31 0.3.0.132. the Road from Worhfup to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debda/e Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mujk-ham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, all in the same County, (c) [5th May 1812.]

£Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads $1 G.j.cicxcviii. in the Counties of Perth and Forfar. (b) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Storrington to Balls Hut, in Walberton, in the County of Sussex. (a) [5th May 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and tolarging the 30O. J. c. 9!.

Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Ronvde Forde to Red Hill, in the County of Wilts.

[5th May 1812.]

£Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Act continued for 21 Years» life, from Term under former Act as to Road in the Title.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent therein mentioned, ., to grant Building Leases of a certain Field or Close, in the Parish of Saint Mary, islington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

(q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to enable the Guardian of Henry Courtney, a Minor, to make Leases of certain Parts of said Minor's Estates, in and near the City of Dublin. (q. P)[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby,

ioj % C.xcri — cr. 52° GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

purchased with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Stateman for charitable Purposes, for a Mcflhage and Lands ot Joseph Outram Gentleman, in the Parish tf Matlock, in the same County, (q. P.)

[yth May 1812.]

Cap. xcvii.

49 6-V An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty ninth

c. 8$. PR. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Budding Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rettery, and to fell the present ReSory Houft and Garden, and to build a new ReSory Hoofs, (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cajlertou, in the Par3h of Kirkby Lon [dale, in the County of Westmorland.

(q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Burgh Cafilt and Httringjleet in the County of Suffolk.

[5th May 18is«3

Cap. c.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Grindleton, Bradford, Wad&ngtoa and Bafball, in the Parish of Mitton, in the County of York.

(q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. tu

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Sealthwaitr* tigg, Hay and Hutton 9ith Hay, in the Parish of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

(q. P.) {jth May 1812.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Tonge, in the Parish of Bokom in the Moore, and County of Lancaster.

(q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alfretom, in the County of Derby, (q. P.)

[5th May jSii.J

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blymhifl in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. cr.

An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Bofhn» in the County of Lincoln; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the said Port and Harbour; and for better maintaining the Buoys, Beaeons, and Seamfcrks, belonging the reto

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III.

ct

CVI — CXM.

4933

Cap. cvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hay 51G. ^. c.ocxii. Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the said Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Railway.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the End of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Cru-corney, in the County of Monmouth % to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth^ to the City of Hereford.

[20th May 1812.] [The Grofmont Railway Company incorporated.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, G. 3.C. 32. for draining Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham9 in the G*3* County of Lincoln, and restoring the Navigation of the said River; and for repealing*another Act of His present Majesty, in relation to the said Drainage and Navigation.

[20th May 1812.]

The Company of Proprietors of the Witham Navigation incorporated.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Sidwellf in the City and County of the City of Eneter.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Man Turnpike, situated within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain Public Streets, Sauarcs, Lanes, Passages and Places communicating the rewith, respectively situated within the said Parish, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag's Head, on the Wandsworth Road, and several other Road9 and Places communicating the rewith, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Clapham and Battersea, in the County of Surrey [20th May 1812.]

C.cxiii, cxiv.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

ftV3 c. 3«. ^0.3-(UK.) c*?*

9 k0 °- i-I'rfvti- §54.

4*

4 3*

W'

Cap. cxiii,

c. S3. An Act for better pavtog, (lighting, watching, cleaning and others

improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warunci; and for regulating the Police and Markets of the said Town,

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company. f 20th May i8n.]

WHEREAS the time limited for the Completion of the Dock?* Basons, Entrances and other Works and Buildings of the London Dock Company, under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wd Docks, Bafonsy Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodative, and Security of Shippingy Commerce and Rrvenue> within the Pert cf London; and other Acts passed to amend and extend the Powtti of the said Act 5 and which Period was extended by an Act, paled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-G. 3*e*ViiU tituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Bafmst Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security »f the Shipping, Commerce and Revenue9within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, will expire on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas the greater Part of the Docks, Bafooe, Entrances, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings authorized to be erected, made and built, by the said London Dock Company, haTe been long completed, and in Use 5 but the whole of the Entrances, Works and Buildings, authorized to be eroded and made, cannot be completed within the said Period, and it is therefore necessary that such Period should be extended, to enable the said Company to complete the same, for the Use of the Public May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by tr? King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor/fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prt: t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thst the Period limited by the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year seth June 1814 aforesaid, for the Completion of the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings, authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said Acts, shall be and the same is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And that all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, in relation to the making, erecting, building and completing all such Docks, Basons, Entrances, Works and other Buildings, contained in any Ad made and now in force, relating to the Completion thereof, shall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effect, for the Purposes of the several Acts relating to the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, and the Completion thereof, during such

further

45 G. 3. c. lviil §3. continued and extended to

urther Period as aforesaid; as fully in all respects and to all Intents nd Purposes as if such extended Period had been given by the said ecited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid; and as if such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claims, blatters and Things, had been specially and particularly re-enacted in and made part of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act* taken to be a Public Act, and shall be jqdicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Off!)am to Ditchelling, in the County of Sussex. (a) [20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Banner Crofsf in the West Riding of the County of York, through the Township of Dore, to or near to Fox House, in the County of Derby; and also a Branch from Dore aforesaid, to or near to Onvler Bridge, in the said County of Derby. (a) [20th May 1812.]

£Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His9G- 3*c* present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and 11 G*3-C*6f* Denbigh, so far as the same relate to the Flinty Holywell and Mojlyn f Districts of Road, (c) [20th May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday,] f [See as to the Saint Asaph and Conway Districts, ante, e. xxviii.J

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 10 0.3.0.88. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the Counter of Berks. (c) Qaoth May 1812.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Bury Saiqt 10 G. 3. c. 9$. Edmunds to Newmarket, and from Brandon to Bury Saint Ed- 12 O. j. c. 84. munds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, (a)

[20th May 1812.]

[.Additional Trtiftecs.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in 5iO, 3-c. cfcv the lull Session of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex. (b) [20th May 4812.3

Cap.

!}(

ft

C. e«i — exxvii. 51° GEO. III. AD.i8u.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Tii/-av// to Blackwell, and thence to SowgA Lane; and also from Edenfor to djhford\ all in the County of Derby. fa)

j^zoth May 1S12.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday, ']

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the East End of r Close called Lord's Cloje, in the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland, into the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the said Road over the River Eamont % which divides the said Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, (b) f aoth May 1812.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, and Mary his Wife, both deceased, and the Vicar of fVeribcrton, in the County of Sussex, of Lands and Hereditaments of the said Thomas Fowlert in the Parish of Walbert on, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Parish.

(q. P.)

[20th May i$ia.]

Cap. cxxiv*

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Mark MnjUr-man Sykes Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies for the Purpose t therein mentioned, and for laving out the Residue of such Purchase Monies, under the lib Direoion, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses.

(q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in such Part of the Parish of Eglwysfad as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the several Parishes of Llanfaintffraid Gian Conway and Llanelian in Rhbs, in the same County, (q. P.)

[20th May i8u.]

M Allotment to His Majesty. j 25. 45. 49, 50.

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Married in the County of York, (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and South Stone-ham, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)

[20th May

Allotments and Competitions for Tithes, f 24. 33, 34*

C+

Al*D«1812« 5V GEO. III. C*cxxroil — cxxxrii.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Afpatrla, and in the several Parishes o? Aspatria. Brumfield and Allhallows» in the County of Cumberland. (q, P.) [20th Afay 1812.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes. $18. 22 — 25.

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Attleburrh, in tlfc County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Thurlfione, in the Parish of Pcnif-tone, and County of York. (q P.) [20th JJfay 1812.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §15. 28, 29, See.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Afilial, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithe#. $ 23, &c.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Leicester. ( q. r.) [10th May 1812.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 19. 21 — 25.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of lichen Abbas, in the County of Southampton.

(q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of WarthUl, in the County of York.

(q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Bentley9 in the County of Essex.

(q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing the Forest of Delamere, in the County of Chester.

[9th June 1812.]

" Tithe free. §42.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundat to fell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Casualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Value thereto. (q.P.) [9th June 1812.]

*93*

Cap.

s

103S C.cxxxviii — Cxlir. 5 a* GEO. III.;

A.D. 1812.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Tralee, in the County of Kerry.

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxxxix.

ti <3.3. c. jy. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace na to Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, ^fciAy/Tydvfl an<* Merthyr Tydvil to the Bridge over the River

Division. which divides the Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon. (a)

[9th June 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

23 G 3-e-Sa

34 G. 3 c. 24.

35 G- 3-

cc. 8. 43. 85.

36 G. 3. c. 25, c.clxix.

Cap. cxl*

An Act to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Acts passed for making and maintaining The Grand Junction Canal.

[9th June iSx2.]

38 G. 3. c.xxxiii. 4X G.3. (U.K)c.lxxi. 43 G. 3. c.viii. 45G. 3. c.lxviiL 51 G. y.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with Aqoe-duds, Feeders and Refer voirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near BtJhopys Stortford, in the County of Hertford, to join the River Cam, near Clayhithe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge, with a navigable Branch or Cut from the said Canal at Sawfion to Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge.

[9th June 1811.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the London and Cambridge Jum&um Canalincorporated.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Penrhynmamr, in the Parish of Llanjibanrcl Efceifog, to Redwhdrf, in the Parish of Llanbedrgoch, in the County of Anglesey; and also a Dock in the Parish of Llanbedrgoch aforesaid..[9th June 1811.]

[The Anglesey Railway Company incorporated.]

Cap. cxlin.

An Act for draining, inclosing and improving the Land* called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton; and for forming the same into a Parish, to be called Newborough; and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish.

[9th June 1812.]

il Allotment and Compensation to His Majesty and others in case

Tithes established. §24, &c.

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for forming into Townships certain Extraparochial Lands in Wildmore Fen, and in the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

[9th June 1812.]

Cef.

52° GEO. III.

C.cxlv — c«.

*03$

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for embanking The Hundred Feet Washes, in the Great9 G.a. c at. Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to raise a 5° G. 3* further Sum of Money, to complete their Works. c*lxxxv, 1,

[9th June 1812.]

[70, ooool.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His 49 G.3.f« extti* present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames, near Vauxhally and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Thames from Green-wicbt in the County of Kentf to the Isle of Dogst in the County of Middlesex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.

[9th June 1812.]

[The Poplar and Greenwich Ferry Company incorporated. Double Tolls on Sunday9except on Carriages or Horses drawing the same.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for widening and improving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smithfield, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate> in the County of Middlesex. (b) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King 11 G. 1. c. 13. George the First, Two Acts of King George the Second, and an ao G. 2. c. 31. Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Glou- 33 G. 2* c* 34* seller towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in*c* the County of Gloucester. (a) [9th June 1812.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls repealedf new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cli.

An Act for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending 30. 3.C. 34. several Acts passed in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third 24 G. 3. Selll Years of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and keep- c. 33. ing in Repair, several Roads within the County of Carmarthen, (a) 43 O. 3. c. xx*.

[9th June 1812.]

[Additional Trustees* Former Tolls to eease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. clii.

An Act for making a new Branch of Road from the Town of 3SO.3. c. 156. Carmarthen to Loughert in the County of Glamorgan t and another 4* G.3. (U.K.)

6 Branch c*v*

51 G. 3. c. rii. xtended to KumU under (hie Act

45 G.3.

11 G. 3. c. 84. 32 G. 34 c. 150.

Branch of Road from the Great Mountain to Llandilo9 in the same Count/.

[9th June 1812.]

Term of 51 G. 3.3

Cap. cliii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth and Thirty wood Years of His present Majesty, and of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny and Tipperary; and also for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town of Clonmel9 through the County of Waterford* to the Cross Roads of Knocklofty9 in the County of Tipperary. (4)

[9th June 1812.]

4< Irish Acts 30 G. 3. c. 44. and 32 G. 5. c. 39. repealed as to Road " between Kilkenny and Bounds of Counties of Kilkenny and Tip* perarj$ and new Tolls granted. Tolls of Acts 30 and 32 G.3. u repealed as to the other Roads, and new Tolls granted."

Cap. cliv.

An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from the present Turnpike Road, near the South End of Highbury Place9 f/Iington, to Haberdashers Walk, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditchf in the County of Middlesex. (b) [9th June 1812.]

[Night Tolls from 29th Sep. to 23th March.2 Cap. civ.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Faringdon9 in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford* (4) [9th June 1812.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act to vest the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. civil.

An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan9 in the County Palatioe of Lear cafiert and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School, (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

[The Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough /'Wigan, in the County Palatine of Eancaster incorporated.2

Cap. clviii.

An Act to enable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Viearagr of Kidderminster9 in the County of Worcester, to grant Bunding 10 Leases

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C.clvlu — <lxril

Leases of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Vicarage, and to fell the prefen t Vicarage House, Garden and Out Offices occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchase Land and build thereon a new Vicarage House.

(q. P.)

[9th June 1812.2

Cap. clix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of IVtJl Compton , in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Berks. (q.P.) [91b June 1812.]

Cap. clx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wyfingfet otherwise WhiJJonfctty Stanfield and Horningtofty in the County of Norfolk» (q. r.) [9th June 1812 3

Cap. dxi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from T ythes Lands in the Parish of Braughing, in the County of Hertford.

(q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for inclosing*nd exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Manor and Parish of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon, (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holbeach and Wbaplode, in the County of Lincoln.

(q. P.)

[9th June 18x2.]

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Biddenbamf in the County of Bedford. (q.P.) [9th June 1812.]

1 Cap. clxv.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands 5* G. in the several Parishes of Llanarthney, Llanon, Llandebye and Llanvibangel Aberbytbicky in the County of Carmarthen.

(q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Windlcfham, in the County of Surrey.

(q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

c Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §20. No Lease of AI-

u lotment to Rector of Windlesham without Consent of the King as

u Patron of the Rectory, f 45.

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Stagfden, in the County of Bedford.

(q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for felling Part of the said Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors' Rates of the said ranfh. (q.P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap.

I C .5*

Cap. clxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Llangefni, Llanddjfnany Pentraeth and Ccrrigceinwtn, in the County of Anglesey.

(q. P.)

f9th June 1S12.3

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor. §27.

Cap. clxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Darrington, in the County of York. (q.P.) [9th June 1812.]

Allotment to the King, f 19. Allotment and Compensatkm for

44 Tithes, f 23, &c.

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for disaforesting the Forest of Parkhurst, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[20th Jane 1812.]

Cap. clxxii.

45 $ c. ixi. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty fifth Year of repealed His Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1812.]

[For 10 Fears,

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Tram Roads, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen.

[20th June 1812.]

[ The Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal and Tram Road Company rucor* porated.]

Cap. clxxiv.

*3 0.3. c. 73. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for em-34 % c- sos- banking and draining certain Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Spalding, Moultonf IVhaplode, Holbech and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and also for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty as affefta the Marshes and Sands on the Out side of the Sea Bank, lately made by virtue of the first mentioned Act.

[20th June 1812 ]

Cap. clxxv.

4*> G. 3. cxcvii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 49 O.3. c. k*. enabling the several Persons therein named to dispose of certain Houses in and near Skinner Street, in the City of London, and Pickett Street, Temple Bar, IVefvninJltr, by Lottery.

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for exchanging a Fee Simple Estate belonging to George Brooke Esquire, for Estates under Settlement, deviled by the Will of the late Revfefend John Brooke Clerk, in the Counties of Sakp, Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery. (q.J?.)

[20th June 1812.]

52° GEO. III. Cclxxvii — chautti

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Colt Esquire, and the Trusteea of his settled Estates. (a. P.)

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of John Graham Esquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman* in Charles Courts in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, in Trusteea, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the same* and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q.P.)

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Elizabeth Jackson, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Money in manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for effecting the Sale of unsettled Freehold Estates, be* longing to Thomas Whitmore Wylde Bromine, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for inverting the Purchase Monies in other Real £states, to be conveyed to the Infant in Fee Simple, (q. P )

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for indoling Lands in the Parish of Wey otherwise Weyhill % within the Manor of Ramridge9 in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Township of Applejhami in the said County, (q. P.)

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for erecting a Court House, County House, or Scftiont House, for the Use of the City and County of Londonderry

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, clean ling, watering and repairing Blackfriars Bridge.

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxir.

An Act for effecting the Sale of Part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the former Uses. (q P )

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. cl xxxv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for the 52 Geo. III. 3 X jnorc

*3 0.,

at 0,

J044

C. clxxxv — cxci.

A.D. 1812.

*7 C. J. c. 45-49 U.3 c. cx'ii 59 i; - 5-c.i.rrp^a'eds0 the Pi r and H-rbcur.

4(1 v c. vsxiiiL

52° GEO. III.

more effectual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whithy in the County of York.

[1st July 1812.]

[/or Thirty one Years* &c ]

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for separating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate* and for veiling the future Management of the said Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors

[1st July 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of Margate Pier and Harbour incorporated.]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrooke* and Part of the devised Estates in the County of Essex of John Griffn Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke* deceased, in Trudets, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery* in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

(q. P.)

[id July 1812.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and from thence untii the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissior.en acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Car-natic* to carry the lame into Effect.

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira* situate in the County of Ze-cester* for Part of the unsettled Estates of the said Earl, Innate in the County of Derby. ((q«P*) [9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moira* and the Persons entitled in Reversion expectant on his Estate for Life, to grant Leases of Mines and Mineral Property on their Estates, in Ashhy de la Zemch in the County of Leicester, and Qakthorpe in the County of Derby.

(q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxci.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leases for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, of his settled E Hates in the Parishes of Cmsnuer alias

Catcher*

C.cxci — cxcvii*

52°

GEO. I It

Cumber, and Hinksey, in the County of Berks, upon the Term* and subject to the Restrictions therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

I°4S

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for confirming and carrying into 'Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Frederick Treife Morjhead Esquire, Sir John Morjhcad Baronet, and Dame Eliza beth his Wife, and Selina Tkijllethrvaytc; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, (q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of London and his Lessees of the Estate at Paddington, belonging to the See of London, to purchase certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the several Parishes of Mary le bone and Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

(q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Devon/bire Square in the City of London, and a Messuage and Lands situate at Wimbledon in the County of Surrey, Part of Estates settled by the Will of Abraham Aguilar deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. (q.P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from The Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parish of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

[13th July 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Regent's Canal incorporated.]

Cap. cxevi.

An Act for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight.

[13th July 1812.]

[The Ryde Pier Company incorporated.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for watching and lighting Part of the High Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kensington, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth % in the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the said Road, to Brixton Hill, and as far as the said Parish extends in that Direction.

[ibth July 1812.]

CXCYlll — CC1I1.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Cap. exeriii.

£X G. 3. c. ecu. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for makng a Road from the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, to Deptfui in the County of Kentt and a Branch therefrom to HorJUydo*rn> in the said County of Surrey.

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cxeix.

£ G.&x6. cn^ar&in8 Term and Powers of Two Acts of King

q ^c. ix. George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for re-

G. 3* c*9* pairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Sait/

11 G. 3 c 10John's Bridge % in the County of Gloucester. (h)

[18th July 1812.]

[Additional Trvflees, Former Tolls repealed, nesu Tolls granted', Double Tolls on Sundays.]

Cap. cc.

An Act for enabling the Devisees in Trust named in the Will of George Shaw deceased, to grant Building Leases of certain Estatet situate in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney otherwise Stebwnbuth, in the County of Middlesex % thereby deviled, (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cci.

An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Great Tithes of the s Prebend of Beacbill and Knaresbrough % in the County of Torl> m Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of Estatet to be settled and annexed to the said Prebend, (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. ccii.

An Act for enabling the Trusteet of the settled Estates of Edmond IVoiler Esquire, deceased, to raise Money upon Mortgage of the same Estatet, for the Purpose of satisfying the Fines payable to the Biftlop of lVincbesler % for the Lease of the Mauor of Moreton, in the County of Buckingham; and for veiling the said Leasehold Premises in the Trustees, upon Trusts, coriefpouding to the Ufet of the settled Estates.

(q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cciii.

An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Price Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchase Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Representatives of Charles Gore Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Residue, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, and to Hand seised of and convey the Estatet to be so purchased, at well as those remaining unfold, to the Uses of the said John Price's Will.

(q. P.)

---

[18th July 1812.]

A.D. 1812. 52° GEO. III. C. cciv — ccx. 1047

Cap. cciv.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Maurice Nugent O'Connor Esquire, in the County of Roscommon, in Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for settling other Estates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Estates so to be sold.

(q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. ccv.

An Act to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to grant a Lease of Messuages, Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable the Lessees to grant Sub Leases for building on and repairing that Estate.

(q. P.)

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of South Cove in the County of Suffolk, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of Depding otherwise Depden, in the same County, belonging to Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet.

(q. P.)

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of George Philippe Esquire, deceased, situate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

(q. P.)

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddington, with the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey.

(q. P.)

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters and into a House of Correction for the said City of London.

[29th July 1812.]

Cap. ccx.

An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grant Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfields; also to sell all the Ground comprised in such Leases when improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasing the Orphans Fund.

[29th July 1812.]

1048 C. ccxi — ccxii. 52° GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Cap ccxi.

An Act for the further Improvement of Saint Georges Fields in the County of Surrey.

[29th July 1812.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Longhorn, Kempston, Mileham, and Beeston next Mileham, in the County of Norfolk.

(q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

[Index removed.]

[Advert removed.]

