532 C. i. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded."

---

j 6 G. 3. c. xxi.

Cap. i.

An Act to extend the Limits of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

[4th March 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parijloes in the County of Middlesex lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the River Colne, near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall; and also within the several Parifloes in the Counties- of Middlesex and Essex adjoining to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof between the River Thames and Edmonton, a Public Office was directed to be provided or continued at or near Hammersmith, in the said County of Middlesex, which should be deemed and taken to be the Principal 6 Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes, Hamlets and c Places in the County of Middlesex lying upon and adjoining to the

5 North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parish of c Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River

4 Colne,

57° GEO. III.

CA.

533

4 Colne, near Staines; and also between Limehouse Holey and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Lee, or Bow Creek; and also for the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex lying upon or adjoining to the said River Lee, or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof respectively, situate between the said River Thames and the said Parish of Edmonton; that is to say, the federal Parishes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith, Chiswick, Ealing,

4 Brentford, Harwell, Isleworth> Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton,

4 Sunbury, Shepperton, Laleham, Staines, Saint Anne Limehouse (except so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and LhneHole), Poplar and Blackwall, in the Parish ol Stepney; Saint

4 Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford-le^Bow, Saint John at Hackney, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex; and ^//

4 Saints, West Ham and Leyton, in the County of Essex; and Three Subordinate Offices were directed to be provided and continued at the respective Places following; (that is to say), One at Stratfordle-Bow in the County of Essex, and One at Brentford, and another at Stamford Hill, in the said County of Middlesex; and Abraham Sanderson of the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex,

4 Gentleman, was thereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coal M ter for executing the Provisions of the said Act, and the Manager of the several Offices thereby directed to be provided for the time and in the manner therein mentioned, and certain Provisions and Regulations were thereby made for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes and Places in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is apprehended, that if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to the several Parishes of All Saints Edmonton, and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; Saint Margaret Barking,

4 Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex /

and Saint Mary Cheshunt, in the County of Herts, they would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the paffitig of this Act, the said Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, directed to be provided and continued by the said recited Act, shall be and be deemed and taken to be the Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, not only for the Places included within the Limits of the said recited Act, but also for the Parishes and Places herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; the said Parishes of Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Law rend Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltha?n Abbey, in the County of Essex; and the said Parish of Saint Mary Cheshunt, in the County of Herts; and that the said Abraham Sanderson shall be the Principal Land Coal Meter for the same Parishes, as well as for the Parishes and Places comprised within the Limits of the said recited Aff: Ifcovided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Offices

Mm3 already

The Principal and Subordinate Coal Meter's Offices in the said Ait to be for certain other Parishes herein mentioned.

534

C. i — iii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Privisions of 36 G. 3. cxxi. extended to this Act for Parishes herein mentioned.

[Public Act.]

already established under the said recited Act, there shall be an Office to be situated in Edmonton or V/altham Abbey aforesaid, and another Office to be situated in Barbing or Ilford aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the passing of this Act, all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton, Saint Andrew Enfeld, Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Cheshunt, and shall operate and be in force according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Che/hunt, had been originally comprised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter's Offices appointed to be provided and continued by the said Act, or as if the same Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, and the Names of the said Parishes of All Saints Ed-montony Saint Andrew Enjieldy Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey and Saint Mary Cheshunt, were always inserted therein, and in every Oath to be taken, and Ticket delivered in pursuance thereof, together with the Names of the Parishes and Places in the said Act mentioned, when and as often as the same Names shall occur, and the Title of this Act were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Act in all Forms appointed to be used by the said Act, in which the Title of the said recited Act is directed to be inserted.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap ii.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and Public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[37th March 1817.]

17 G. 3. C. 90.

38 G. 3. c. 5$. except as- repealed, continued for 21 Years, &c.

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelmstone, and from Poyning's Common to High Cross, in the County of Sussex; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads, (b) [ 17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.

One Half additional Toll on Sundays J

Cap.

57° GEO. III.

C'. iv — ix.

535

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyrs Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick.

[17th March 1817.]

v.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands, on the Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester. (b) [17th March 1817.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. (c)

[17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trijlees.-]

Cap. vii.

An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Re<story or Parsonage House for the said ReSor.

[17th March 1817.] EProviso for His Majesty's Right as Patron.J

Cap. viii.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers given by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effect.

[17th March 1817.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Northampton.

[29th March 1817.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Town of Northampton, in which His Majesty's Judges have heretofore resided during < their Attendance at the Assizes for the County of Northampton, c are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and suitable Accommodation to them during their Residence in the said Town: And

Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled c at the Quarter Sessions holden at Northampton on the Seventeenth 6 Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, having

duly considered the Propriety of procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were of opinion that such Accommodation 6 ought to be procured; and that there apjfears no Mode of pro-

M m 4> ' curing

27 G. a. c. 42.

16 G. 3. c. 81. 36 G. 3. c. 133.

25 G. 2. c. 49-5 G. 3. c. 86.

12 G. 3. c. 77. subject to Alterations, See. herein, continued foe 2i Years, Sec.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii. 50 G. 3. c. 203. 52 G. 3. c. 188. 46 G. 3. c. 133. further continued.

536

C. ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Justices at Quarter Sedions en-aided to make Orders for providing Lodgings for the Judges.

Clerk of the Peace to be re munerated for his Trouble in executing this

a a.

Quart er Sedions may borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates for Purposes of A<5L

curing suitable Accommodation for them but the taking on Lease from time to time, or by purchasing, repairing or building of some House for that Purpose, and for which the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary But as the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act at Northampton, in and for the said County of Northampton, and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it Hi all and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for taking on Lease, purchasing, building, repairing, providing and furnishing, in the Town of Northampton aforesaid, any proper House, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Hereditaments whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the residence of His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Business usually transactea at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes, as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Coifs and Charges of and attending the taking, purchasing or renewing of any Lease or Leases, or the purchasing, erecting, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of such House, Piece or Pieces of Lands and Hereditaments, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates; subject to such Restrictions arid Provisions as are herein after contained; and that such Order or Orders for the purchasing or building of any House for the permanent Accommodation of the said Judges maybe made and carried into Execution at any time hereafter, notwithstanding any previous Order or Orders shall be made for the taking or purchasing the Lease of any House or Housea for their temporary Accommodation.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions for the said County, from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or out of the County Rates, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal or lower Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates to be made, raised and assessed upon and within

the

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

537

the said County, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act, with Interest as aforesaid; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned,

Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments; and every such Mortgage or Asignment shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Form or to the Effect following

(that is to say, )

: WS: A.B.f one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Northampton, holden at Northampton the Day of, and C. D.> E. F, G. H. and I. AT.,

4 Four other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 4 AEtfor providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations,

for His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the County of North*

ampton, do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which A. M. of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid for the Purposes of the said Act; and we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said A. AT., his Executors,

4 Administrators and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the fame after the

i Rate of for One hundred Pounds for a Year

and do hereby order the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County to pay the Interest of the said Sum of

' half yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Securities for respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money to be Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective trans^rib^» Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and Copies of all Mortgages and Assignments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County; which Extracts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates,

Names of the Parties and the Sums of Money thereby secured, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom such

Transfer

C.ix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

538

The Money to he expended rot to exceed 7, ooooI.

Expences of the Act.

Quarter Sessions enabled to purchase Houses and Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

Bodies Politic, &c. enabled to

Ml

Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, erecting, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Act directed, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, which shall be found wanting to discharge and pay all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Person or Persons for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices 10 assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase or Letting thereof, and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or for a Fine on the granting or renewing the Lease or Leases thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase, or the granting or renewing of any such Lease or Leases as aforesaid; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase or Lease of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments; and the same shall be conveyed or leased to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being for the Purposes of this A#.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Husbands, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cejlui que Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices,

or

57° GEO. III. C. ix.

539

or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale or Letting of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Interest therein, or in any Part thereof, and to Convey or lease the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes of this Act, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales, Leases and All Contrafts to Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and be valld* Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Trustees, &c. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, indemnified, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of agreed to be paid for the Purchase or Lease of any Houses, Build- Competition ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased or leased by when amounting virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which to or exceeding shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to 2, 00 any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee or other Trustee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cejlui que Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northampton, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affetfting any other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased or taken on Lease as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efsect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his

C.ix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Application where the Commentation is less than 200l. and exceeds 20l.

Application where the Money is less than 20l.

Respecting disputed Title:

Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased or leased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County; such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased or leased for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit f such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall a rife touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eslate, Right or Interest in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank

Annuities

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

541

Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always^ and be it further enacted, That where by The Court may reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or order reasonable Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements Expences of Pur-or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken on Lease under the Au- chafes to be paid thority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- e u , ces* quired to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such last mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Clerk of the Buildings and Accommodations shall have been provided and fur- Peace to give nished, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Ma- Notice to the jesty's Judges as aforesaid, it. shall be lawful for the Clerk of the ^ouse'&cVv/ Peace for the County of Northampton for the time being, and he is completed.* hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff

of the County of Northampton for the time being; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Assizes, or to any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the same

County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utensils in the same, in order that he may prepare and make ready the same for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the same, all reasonable Damage or Loss by Wear and Tear excepted; and the said High Sheriff, Under Sheriff and every Person or Persons to be employed by them or either of them, is

542

C.k.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Purchas«s under this Act to be vested in the Clerk of the Peace.

Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold.

and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Tenant or Tenants of the said Premises, and all other Person or Persons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the same for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid, and in case of their not removing and quitting, taking to his and their Assistance a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not removing or quitting, without being liable or subject to any Action for Trespass, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or other wise, for so doing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any House, Buildings, Lands, Offices and Accommodations, and all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, shall at all times from and after the same shall be purchased or leased, or erested, built, finished, fitted up and furnished, be vested, and the same are hereby declared to be vested, in the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, for the Purpose6 of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, from time to time as they shall think proper, to let any House, Building, Land, Furniture and Premises to be purchased, leased or provided under the Provisions of this Act, to any Person or Persons, from Year to Year, or for any shorter Period, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same; nevertheless reserving the Premises for the Use of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes or any Special Commission as aforesaid, and subject to the Power hereinbefore given to enter upon the same Eight Days previous thereto, and also reserving full Powers for the Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof; and the Rent to be received for the same, or so much thereof as may be requisite, shall be annually expended and applied, by Order of the said Justices, in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the said House, Buildings, Furniture and Premises; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Act authorized to be made, the same shall be annually paid to the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County, and form Part of the public Stock or Fund of the said County.

XV. And Whereas it may be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act to purchase more Land or Buildings than it may

be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purpose3 of this Act; or

it may be found expedient to surrender, sell or dispose of any 1 Lease or Leases which may be taken or purchased under the Provisions of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time to cause any such superfluous Land or Buildings, or any such Lease or Leases, to be sold and disposed of, together or in Pareels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, and to order the same to be conveyed, or any such Lease or Leases to be surrendered or assigned, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same, or to accept of such Surrender or Surrenders, or Alignment or Alignments and to

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

543

apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales, or the Money, if any, to arise by such Surrender or Surrenders, or Assignment or Assignments, to and for the Purposes of this Adc; but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money, nor be accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for the time being, for all such Purchase Monies, shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchase Monies.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any Allowance to House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Add, Sheriff for the shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at

the Assizes, or at any Special Commission as aforesaid, all and every judgeJtobe paid Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County over to the for the time being, out of His Majesty's Exchequer, for such Lodg- Treasurer for ings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to the County, the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the public Stock of the said County collected under the Rates for the same County.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at How the Repairs all times whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommoda- are to be made* tions shall require Alterations, or shall become out of Repair, or

any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for the Use of the said Judges, then and in every such case the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall, as the same may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and supplying of all matters, things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Discharge of all Rent, Taxes and Demands upon the said House, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in the Repairs and Alterations, or Supply of such matters, things or Furniture as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, if the Rent of the said Premises shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, to be defrayed by the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose; and the Treasurer of the said Western Division of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Money; and that it shall be lawfulvfor the said Justices to appoint a proper Person, with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, as well as any Rent payable for the said House, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates, in manner aforesaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the said House and Premises.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace Actions, &c. to for the time being for the said County may sue and be sued for or in be brought in the

respect Name of the

541

C. ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

33 g-3- c. 181. as to the Road from the White Horle in West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, repealed.

35 G'3- c. 153-continued for 21 Years, kc,

respect of any Claim, Contract or other matter or thing made or done, or in any way arising under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace done without the Consent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit nominally, but the same shall be carried on and defended under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed in like Manner as the other Charges under this Act; and the said Plouse, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Lands or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, under the Style and Description of "The Clerk- of the " Peace for the County of Northampton Provided always, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the public Rates of the said County.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or Cause of Action accrued for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XX. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. x.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks in the County of Lancaster. (Z>)

[29th March 1817.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End> in the Parish of Hardington9 in the County of Northampton. (b) [29th March 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceafi. New Tolls granted.

Additional Half Toll on Sundays*'}

st

57° GEO. III. C. xii — xviii.

545

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike R.oad from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parish of Madetev> into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffhal to Shrewsbury, at or near a Place called Wailing Street, in the Parish of Wellington-, alt in the County of Salop.

[29th ^r/7 1817.]

T Additional Half Toll on Sundayr.] xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the said Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby, (b) [29th April 1817.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for lighting and watching Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon

33 G- 3- c. na.

Avon Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, 35G-3 C*72-

and to -complete the said Canal.

Cap.

[23d May 1817.]

39 G. 3. c. lx.

49 G. 3. c. xlii. 55 G. 3. c.xxxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the7 G-3* c- lc>6* Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for 37 g-3-c- i6°* repairing the Road from Halifax to Sh field, in the West Riding^so^con-6^ of the County of York, so far as relate to the Road from Penistone tinued for Refi-to Sheffield.

[23d May 1817.] due of their re-

[New Trustees.'] spefiive Terms,

and for 21 Years,

n L See. afterwards.

Cap. xvii.

An Act to continue and amend'an Act passed in the Thirty fifth 35 G. 3.0.149. Year of His present Majesty for amending, widening, altering, repealed as to improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading "out of the XolUor Ro[d°m Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Prince1 s frovn EHeS-Rijborough, to Wef Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham. (c) borough Church

[23d May 1817.] to Marsh and

[Royal Family, &c. exempted from Toll.! ^geahigMa-

terials for making and repairing Road, and the rest of the said Act continued during Residue of the

Term, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed a6G. 2. c. 67. for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of 19 G. 3. c. 97. Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Wef mo r I and, by the 4iG-3-c-82. End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County, (b) t1° re'1^'X)<?

[23d May 1817.] SdA^conb-

[New Trustees. Former Tolls continued until 8th July 1817, and nuedduringRefi-then New Tolls. Additional Tolls on Sundays.!

57 Geo. III. Nn Cap

due of the Term, and for 21 Years fcc. afterwards.

546

C. xix — xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

55 G- 3- c. 96.

12 G. 3. c. 22. 34 G. 3. c. 99. recited as expired.

54 O. 3. c. xxxii-repealed as to requiring Seven Trustees to be present at any Meeting.

Cap. xix.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a new f Church and Workhouse in the Parish of Bath wick, in the County of Somerset.

[23d May 1817.]

f [Saint Mary's.']

Cap. xx.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr, and for regulating Vessels resorting thereto. (a) [23d May 1817.]

[Proviso for His Majesty's Ships, Csfc. and Tachts, iff c. of the Royal Family, and for 54 G. 3. c. 159.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel f, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[23d May 1817.]

f \_All Saints' Chapel.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for better lighting the Streets and Houses of the Metropolis with Gas.

[23d May 1817.]

( W/^REAS several Streets and Houses in the City of London are now lighted to the Satisfaction and Advantage of the In-£ habitants thereof, and the Benefit of the Public, with inflammable £ Air or Gas, produced from Coal, and conveyed by Means of Pipes: And Whereas certain Persons who have carried on Business under £ the Firm of ' The City of London Gas Light and Coke Partner-£ ship, ' have expended considerable Sums of Money in erecting e Works and laying down Pipes in the City of London, and have entered into Contracts with the Commissioners of Sewere, Lamps and Pavements of the said City of London, and several other Per-{ fons, for lighting several Streets and public Places, and also several £ private Houses, with Inflammable Air or Gas: And Whereas the

Persons carrying on the said Business are not able to raise sufficient

Money among themselves for completing the Works necessary for supplying with such inflammable Air or Gas the Streets and Places which they have contracted or agreed to light as aforesaid: And c Whereas some of the said Persons are willing to relinquish their £ Shares in the said Undertaking to the others of them, and the several other Persons herein after named, who are desirous at their own Costs and Charges to complete and extend the said Works; c but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority e of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and

57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

547

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Frederick Sparrow, James Ijynn, Charles Cofield, William Pitcher, Harbut Ward, William Pocknelly James Smethurst, Charles Hutchins, Timothy Stansfeld, James Sidney, Samuel Fijloy Timothy Tyrrell, Richard Fordy John Blackety Thomas Hadland, Henry Sparrow, Anthony Weather head, James Blackety William Kimpton, William Fortescue, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall from time to time become Proprietors of the Company hereby established as herein after is mentioned, their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for supplying the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, with inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works necessary for that Purpose, under the Regulations herein after contained, and shall be one Body Corporate, by the Name of ' The City*of London Gas Light and Coke Company/ and by that Name shall from and after the passing of this Act be and continue for and during and unto the full End and Term of Forty six Years, and have a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be sued; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company to make inflammable Air or Gas, and also Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and any other Products to be obtained from the Manufacture of such Air or Gas, and to sell and dispose of the same respectively in such manner as they shall think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company to contract with the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, and any other Commissioners, Trustees, Persons or Bodies, having the Control, Direction or Management of the lighting of any of the Parishes, or Extra Parochial Places, in the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, or any of them respectively or adjacent thereto, or any Persons, Bodies Politic. Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, willing to contract with the said Company for the lighting of any such Parishes or Places, or any Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes or Pastages, or Manufactories, Shops, Warehouses or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition within the said Farilhes, or Extra Parochial Places respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Control of lighting the same public Streets or Roads, Ways, Lanes and Passages aforesaid, or any Part thereof, are or shall be veiled, shall think it lit and convenient to contract with the said Company to light the said public Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes, Passages or Places, or any Part of them, by means of such inflammable Air or Gas as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, with the Approbation and under the Direction of such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons or Bodies, and under the Inspection of their Surveyor, to break up the Soil and Pavement of any such Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages and Places, and dig and fink Trenches,

N 11 2 and

Company incorporated.

Power to the Company to contract for lighting Streets and House?-,

Power to Company, under Direction of Commissioners, &c. of Pavements, to break up the Pavement for laying Pipes, &c.

5-'13

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Power to Commissione-rs, &c. to determine Contradis.

1'cnvct to Company to light up I louses, &e.

and lay Pipes, and put Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, in such manner as shall be necessary, for the Purpose of supplying any such Light as aforesaid, and from time to time with such Approbation, and under such Direction and Xnfpection as aforesaid, to alter the Polition of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Stop Cocks, Syphons and Plugs, and to do all such other Acts, matters and things as the said Company and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall, with such Approbation, and under such Direction and Inspection as aforesaid, from time to time think necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving and using the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not duly perform any Contract with any such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parish or Place, or Part of any Parish or Place, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees to determine such Contract respectively, giving Six Calendar Montis Notice thereof, and then and in such case, and also at the Expiration of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees either to purchase the Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes and other Materials belonging to the said Company, and employed in lighting such Parish or Place, at such Price as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners or Trustees and the said Company, or in case the said Commissioners or Trustees shall decline so to purchase, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Materials at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination thereof by such Notice; and in the meantime for such Commissioners or Trustees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parish or Place, or Part of a Parish or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contract.

V. And be it further enacted, - That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to carry, lit up and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main Pipe laid in any Street, Way, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, in, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp from any such Main, with the Consent of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Provided always, that the said Company in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of or Dealers of the Materials to be used as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper; and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the same, under and subject to the Superintendance, Control and Direction of the said Company: Provided also, that the said Company shall not on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever employ or set to work in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant, or any other Person in the Pay or Employ of the said Company; nor shall the said

Company

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

549

Company themselves manufactlire, fell or vend any of the Materials requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly or indirectly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from such Works, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Cods of Suit, to the Party who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Power.to Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main requisite for pan)r to lay the.Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, Ware- ^Ia, ns and houses, public or private Buildings, in the said Cities of London and ^uifite^cr1^ Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and recuiing a com-Precincts thereof respectively, or any of them respectively, or adjacent petent Supply thereto, and to erect and set up, by themselves, or their Agents, of Gas toDwel-Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus necessary lm? H°ules» fvc* or requisite for securing to such Dwelling House or Houses, Manu- ^mend imperfect factories, Warehouses, public or Private Buildings, a proper and com- Work, petent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories,

Warehouses, public or private Buildings, any thing in this Act to

the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing: Provided always, Company not to

that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to break up Pave-

extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any

Officer or Person appointed or employed by the said Company, or Commissioners

any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times here- or Trustees in

after, to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Writing,

Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or

wheresoever, in order to lay down any. Main Pipe or Pipes to convey

Gas, without the Consent of the Commissioners, Trustees or other

Persons baying the Superintendance or Control or Property of or in

such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any such Streets,

Roads, or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from

time to time, in Writing first obtained; but that nothing in this ProvisoforCom--

Clause contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent pany repairing

the said Company from repairing such Main Pipes, after such Consent PlPes<

obtained as aforesaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing

any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Streets, Roads

or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any Service Pipe or Pipes leading from such Main Pipes,

after such Consent so obtained as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or Reftrf&ions re-for the Hid Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under specting breaking their Authority, after such Consent shall have been given as aforesaid, UP lavements, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any Streets, Roads, Lanes or public Places,

for the Purpose of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Position

of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Notice of breal

Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, signed by ing up,

the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Inspector or Surveyor to the

N n 3 laid.

550

C, xxiih

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

said Company, specifying the Street, Road, Lane or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road, Lane or public Place, in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements or Roads for the time being (duly appointed and notified in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpose) of the Parochial or other Diilridl or Place wherein such Street, Road, Lane or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such Parochial or other District or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the least before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of sudden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be broken or taken up; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road, Lane or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Proviso for laying pipes, except Service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch p|Ue? 1 ervice in the Bore, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads, Ground or Soil, in any Parochial or other District or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Breaking up or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and that if the

mat Notice said Company or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken, taken up or dillurbed, any of such Pavement or Ground, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except Service Pipes as aforesaid), without such Consent as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads within the Parochial or other Diflridt or Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement or Ground which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Consent as aforesaid, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One One Penalty, &c. Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that the said Corn-only for One pany shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of more than One Offence. Penalty, or to more than One Action, Suit or other Proceeding in respect of any One Offence committed, whether by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter in force, any Law, Statute, TJfage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Requiring Com-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and io often pany to reinstate as the said Company shall have lawfully broken up or removed the

14 Stones,

or Consent,

[Penalty.]

57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

551

Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Street, Road, High- Pavements, &c.

way. Lane or public Place, or any Part thereof, the said Company

shall and they are hereby required immediately thereafter to reinstate- ^own>

and make good such Ground, Soil or Pavement, in as good found

State and Condition as the same was or were in at the time of being

so broken up, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Commissioners or Trustees of such Pavement, Soil or Ground respectively and the said Company shall carry away all surplus Earth, Filth

and Rubbish occasioned thereby at their own Costs and Charges;

and that during the Works of the said Company, and reinstating Company to

such Qround, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid, the said Company shall guard the Works,

provide proper Watchmen with necessary Lamps, and other wise

secure and guard the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or

Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle or Carriages; and and in case of

in case the said Company shall neglect and make Default in making Neglect,

good and reinstating such Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid

within Twenty four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the said Company at their House or Office, it shall be lawful for the Proceedings.

said Commissioners or Trustees to reinstate and make good such

Ground, Soil or Pavement, and the Charges and Expences thereof

shall be reimbursed and repaid by the said Company or their Treasurer to the said Commissioners or Trustees or their respective Treasurer; and in Default of Payment thereof within Seven Days next

after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been made by the Clerk

of the said Commissioners or Trustees, Proof of such Demand being

made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Juf-

lice or Justices of the Peace, all such Sum or Sums of Money so

paid by them shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the

Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justic6 or Justices is

and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Sum or Sums of

Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their

Treasurer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time or Company to times be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners of alter, &c. Pipes Sewers of the City of London or Westminster, or the Commissioners on RequiGtiono or Trustees for paving or repairing the said Streets, Roads, Ways, C°mrnissioners' Lanes and Passages respectively, to require the said Company to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Pipes,

Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company shall at their: own Expence, within Three Calendar Months next after being required so to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, signed by their Clerk, raise, fink or alter such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively shall think right and proper; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks,

Plugs or Branches to be raised, sunk or altered, and that the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately

Nil f there-

552

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

If the Costs not paid as herein mentioned,

Proceedings.

In what case Damage to be made good by Commissioners.

Company to light Parishes on Ap-jdication, blit not beyond the Extent, of their Capita],

Term of Contract.

Contracts with Parishes void if the Price for Gas be greater than Oil.

thereafter be paid by the said Company: Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within One Calendar Month next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees at the Office of the said Company, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Coils and Charges shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising, sinking or altering any of the said Pipes, Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches, any Damage or Injury shall be wilfully or negligently done to the same by the said Commissioners, Trustees or their Servants, then and in every such case such Damage or Injury shall be made good as soon as Circumstances permit, and the Coils, Charges and Expences thereof, shall be paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose on the behalf of any Parish or Parishes, 6r Parts of any Parish or Parishes, or Extra Parochial Place or Places within the Cities of London and Westminster aforesaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the same Cities, undertake to furniffi, and shall furniffi such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts of any Parish or Parishes r'efpedlively with a sufficient Supply of inflammable Air for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than such Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts of Parishes could be supplied with if lighted in the usual manner during the Existence of the Contrail which they may enter into with the said Company: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to compel or require the said Company to expend any greater Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes mentioned in this Act than the Members of the said Company shall have raised under the Powers granted by this Act for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, nor to contract with any such Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places, for a less Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Contract or Agreement entered into by any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of Parishes, with the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that the said Contract shall be null and void if at any time the Price charged for inflammable Air used in lighting the Parish shall be greater than what at the time such Parish may be lighted for in the usual manner with Oil, fora Period not less than Twelve Months, by any Contractor offering due Security for the Performance of his Contract.

57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

553

XIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the said Company shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means, contradf to supply, or shall be permitted to supply with such-inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, any Parish or Parishes, or any Part or Parts of Parishes that shall not lie cr be situate within the Cities of London or Westminster, or one of them, or the Borough of Southark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precincts of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contract to fell and furnish, or shall fell or furnish any Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever, for the Purpose of conveying or whereby such inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof, may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the said Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to transmit to the said Secretary of State, a Report in Writing signed by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or One of the Members of the said Committee of Management, of the State of the said Company, and of their Works and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company, as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

Powers of supply ing; inflammable Air limited to London, West min ster, Southwark, &e.

Company not to traffic in Machinery for conveying Gas to privai.e Houses.

Report; of Works, &c. to be lent, to the Secretary of State for the Home Department Half Yearly, or when required.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works Stations and

of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Works to be Inspection and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said open at all times Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being Of *10U

shall appoint from time to time for that Purpose; and the said Com- pointed by the pany shall, and they are hereby required to conform to such Regula- Secretary of tions and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Oper- State, ations, as well in respect of those already erected or executed as of such as shall hereafter be erected and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper and shall direct to be adopted for the better and more effectually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis, and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precincts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Laying Pipes of no Person shall lay or caul'e to be laid any Pipe to communicate Communication with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, on Pain of forfeiting Wlt^ Pipes of the the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and also the further Sum of Twenty pe\ai*ny> Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain; to be recovered by Dill refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels

554

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Damaging, &c. Pipes, &c.

[Penalty.]

Power to the Company to purchase Lands, &c.

Amount of Annual Value.

tels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, Lamp or other Apparatus, matter or thing actually in use during the Existence of any Contract with any Parish or Parishes for the Purpose of fulfilling such Contracts, or shall wilfully and maliciously waste or improperly use any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or Districts, where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Three times the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any); or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or Distrhft, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company to purchase and hold to them and their Successors, the Buildings, Ground, Works and Estates belonging to the said City of London Gas Light and Coke Partnership, of and from the Persons entitled thereto, and also from time to time to purchase and hold to them and their Successors and Assigns any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, or any of them respectively, or adjacent thereto, (the Annual Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,) and also to sell and dispose of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and purchase and hold other Houses,

Mef-

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

555

Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (not exceeding the Annual Value aforesaid,) without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute among themselves a Sum of Money, by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in order to provide a sufficient Sum of Money for answering the Purposes of this Act, the said Company shall be obliged to raise among themselves, by Subscription, the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within the Period of Five Years from the passing of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any* Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held as herein after is mentioned, for or towards the raising the said Capital Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Alligns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies to which he, she or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Members of the said Company shall respectively Hand respon-iible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contradls or Agreements entered into by the said Company, or be subject or liable, by reason of his or their being Members of the said Company, or of any Acts of the said Company, to the Statutes respecting Bankrupts, or any of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than One hundred Pounds Sterling; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and undertaking of the said Company, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall be transmissible accordingly.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not borrow or take up by Way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money

whatsoever,

Capital of Company not to exceed 200, 000).

Company not to a <51 until ioojooooi. subscribed.

Capital to be raised within Five Years.

Subscribers to share in the Joint Stock in proportioiuto their Subscription.

Subscribers liable to the Debts of the Company in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Stock divided into Shares of took each, and to be Personal Estate.-

How far Company may borrow Money.

55S

Officers of the Company.

No Member to he a Dealer in Articles manufactured, &c. by the Company, or hold an Office of Profit.

Persons interested in working, &r. for the Company, not eligible on the Committee.

Regulations of the Company as to General Meetings.

C. xxiii. 5/° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be elected from time to time, as herein after is mentioned, from among the Members of the said Company who shall have subscribed for or be possessed of at least Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, Five Persons, who shall and are hereby declared to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and One of such Committee shall afterwards be elected the Chairman of the said Company, and another of them the Deputy Chairman of the said Company; and that no Person who shall not be possessed of Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the passing of this Act, shall be eligible to be One of such Committee until he shall have continued possessed of Fifteen such Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that no Person who shall be a Member of the said Committee shall be a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, in any of the Articles manufactured and fold or supplied by the said Company, or shall hold any other Office or Place of Profit under the said Company.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person being a Member of the said Committee shall directly or indirectly be interested or concerned in doing any Work for or on the behalf of the said Company, or supplying any Materials, Articles or Things to or for the Use of the said Company, every such Person shall immediately ceal'e to be a Member of the said Committee., and shall never afterwards be reeligible; and every such Person shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conducted, and managed under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations and Restrictions herein after contained; (that is to say,) the Members of the said-Company shall assemble together at Eleven o'Clock in the Forenoon on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, and shall assemble at such other times and Places as they shall be duly convened in manner hereafter mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting; and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the Third Wednesday in the Month of January, and the Third Wednesday in the Month of July, which shall be ffyled Half Yearly General Meetings; and that a Special General Meeting may be called at any time by the Committee of Managers; and that Five or more Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards in the said Joint Stock, may at any time, by Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the said Company, require the Committee of Management to call a Special General Meeting, so as such Requisition fully express the Object for which such Meeting is required to be called; and in case of the Neglect or Refusal of the said Committee to call such Meeting, the same may be called by the said Members, as herein after is expressed; and that

57° GEO. III.

6'xxiii.

557

every General Meeting may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient; and that at lead Six Days previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of every Adjournment of any General Meeting, shall be given by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Company shall be entitled to be present or to vote at any General Meeting or Adjournment thereof, unless he shall have subscribed for at lead Three Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the passing of this Act, or unless he shall afterwards have been entitled to or continued possessed of at lead Three Shares in the said Joint Stock for at lead Three Calendar Months before such Meeting; and that such Members of the said Company shall have a Vote or Votes at such General Meetings in proportion to the Number of Shares held by them respectively, as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say,) For Th ree^ Shares and less than Seven Shares, One Vote; for Seven Shares and less than Twelve Shares, Two Votes; for Twelve Shares and less than Twenty Shares, Three Votes; for Twenty Shares and less than Thirty Shares, Four Votes; and for Thirty Shares or upwards, Five Votes; but no Person or Persons shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Indalment thereof to be called for as herein after is mentioned, until such Indalment or Call shall have been paid; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any General Meeting, upon any Quedion or Quedions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which such Person or Persons shall be anywise interested, other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Shafe or Shares in the said Joint Stock shall be the Property of more than One Person, the Owner or Proprietor whole Name shall have been entered fird in Order on the Books of the said Company shall, for all the Purposes of the said Company, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whole Name shall so dand fird in Order in the Books of the said Company, and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and such Person shall be entitled to any Vote or Votes which may be given in respect of such Shares.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Female, Infant or other Proprietor of Three or more Shares in the said Joint Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Member of the said Company entitled to vote: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Three Members; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form following; videlicet,

I A.B.

What Number of Shares entitled to vote.

No Persons interested, other than as Subscribers, to vote.

Shares Handing in the Names of more than One Person, the Person whole Name Hands first dial I for all the Purposes of this be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Form of Appointment of Proxies.

Regulations of Election of Chairman, General Meetings, & c.

Electton of First Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee.

The Half Yearly Meeting in January to elect Two Managers, the Chairman and Deputy Chairman.

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors

6 of and in the City of London Gas Light and Coke Company, do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C.D. of c to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence

c to vote or give my Assent to or Difient from any Business, matter ' or thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned i or proposed at any General Meeting of the said Company, in such manner as he the said C. D» shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking,

6 or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto ' set my Hand, the Day of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting, to be held on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, and any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, a Chairman Hi all be elected by the Members present; and that at every subsequent General Meeting the Chair shall be taken by the Chairman of the said Company, or in his Absence by the Deputy Chairman of the said Company, and in their Absence by a Member to be elected by the Members present; and that at every such General Meeting all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members and Proxies present, and not declining to vote, according to their respective Number of Votes; and upon any Difference of Opinion any Member may require such Votes to be taken by Bailot, but no Ballot shall be kept open more than One Hour; and that such Member as shall be in the Chair shall be entitled to Vote, and shall also have a casting Vote in case the Number of Votes shall be equal; and the Orders and Proceedings of every General Meeting shall be entered by the Secretary or Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever; and that no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been calied, and no other Business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place; and if at any Special or General Meeting Seven Members entitled to vote shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Business to be transadied shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, or some other Day to be appointed by the Committee of Management.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, or some Adjournment thereof, the First Committee of Management of the said Company, and the First Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Company, shall be elected.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That at the Half Yearly General Meeting to be held in January in every Year, or some Adjournment thereof, Two Members of the Company, qualified as aforesaid, who shall have been Members of the Committee elected in the preceding Year, shall be reeledted Members of the Committee of Management, and as soon as such Election shall have been made, Three other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid,

57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

559

shall be ele£led Members of the said Committee, and after such Committee shall have been elected, Two of the Members thereof shall be elected Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Company for the ensuing Year; but all the Members of the said Committee, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, elected in the preceding Year, shall be immediately reeligible; and after such Elections as aforesaid shall have taken place, the said Officers respectively, who shall not be reelected, shall respectively go out of their respective Offices.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee of Management, may at any time be removed from his respective Office by a General Meeting specially called for that Purpose; and any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, may at any time vacate his Office, by fending his Resignation in Writing to the Office of the said Company; and in case any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee shall, during the Continuance of his respective Office, by Transfer, Forfeiture or otherwise, reduce the Number of Shares in the said Joint Stock held by him respectively below the Number of Fifteen Shares, or shall otherwise become disqualified to be a Member of the said Committee, then and in every such case the Office of such Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, shall instantly determine and become vacant; and that every Vacancy in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Members of the Committee, by Death, Removal, Resignation or becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforesaid, shall be filled up at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, within Fourteen Days next after such Office respectively shall become vacant; and every Person who, in consequence of a Vacancy occasioned by any other Cause than that of going out of Office according to the Rotation aforesaid, shall be appointed Chairman, Deputy Chairman or a Member of the said Committee, shall be deemed only a Substitute for the Person whose Place he shall supply, and shall continue in Office upon the same Terms and only for the same Period as the Person whose Place he shall supply would have continued, if his Office had not been vacated before the time at which he mufl necessarily have gone out of Office.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the General Meeting shall from time to time elect some Person to be Treasurer of the said Company, and it shall not be necessary that such Person be a Member of the said Company; and any General Meeting may from time to time dismiss, remove or suspend such Treasurer from time to time as they shall think fit; and the first Treasurer shall be elected at the First General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, or some Adjournment thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting, or General Meeting specially called for that Purpose, shall have full Power to call for and examine and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and that at every Half Yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, an Half Yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Profits or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much for every One Hundred Pounds upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the Members

thereof,

The Offices may be vacated, and are to be supplied by Special General Meetings.

General Meev ing to elett a Treasurer.

General Meeting to settle Accounts, and Half Yearly Meetings to declare Dividends.

SCO

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Half Yearly or Special General Meetings may make Call? on Subscribers.

Power of General Meetings to make Bye Laws,

and

Penalties.

Bye Laws not to be repugnant to the Laws of England.

thereof, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think lit to appoint and determine: Provided that no Dividend shall be made or paid for until after the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for towards the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; and that no Dividend shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid: Provided also, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall be in any Degree reduced or impaired; and that the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee of Management, who shall make such Dividends, shall be personally responsible to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Half Yearly General Meeting, or Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, or Adjournment thereof respectively, shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as such Meeting shall from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the Undertaking, so that no one such Call to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for or in respect of any one Share of One hundred Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Diitance of One Calendar Month at least from another; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company, and that the said several Sums of Money so called for shall be paid at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such General Meeting, of which time and Place Thirty Days previous Notice at least shall be given in Two or more of the Daily London Newspapers.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings shall have full Power to superintend, regulate and control all the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from time to time to alter and repeal such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and infiift such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be printed, and be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that all such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Act directed.

57° GEO. III. C. xxiii.

5GI

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall meet together at the Office of the said Company one Day in every Week at the least, and at such other times as they shall think proper; and any Two of the said Committee may at any time call a Meeting of the said Committee, by Notice in Writing sent to the Residence of every Member of the said Committee, when they shall think fit; but no Business shall be transacted at any Meeting of the said Committee, unless Three Members be present when such Business shall be decided upon; and that the Chair shall be taken at every Committee by the Chairman, or in his Absence by the Deputy Chairman, or in their Absence by a Member to be chosen by the Members present; and that all Questions, matters and things which shall be proposed, dif-cuffed or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present; and in case of an equal Division, the Member for the time being in the Chair shall have the calling Vote, besides his own Vote; and that it, on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three Members shall not attend, that then and in every such case the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the Secretary or Clerk to the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and the Proceedings of every Committee shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Secretary or Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by the Person in the Chair.

XLXX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall and may call a Special General Meeting of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and shall appoint the time and Place of holding every General Meeting, and shall give at least Six Days' Notice of every General Meeting by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers, and shall give Three Days such Notice of every Adjourned General Meeting, and such Notice shall be given for every Special Meeting which shall be required to beheld by Five or more Members holding in the aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards, within Six Days next after such Requisition shall have been given, and shall cause a Special General Meeting to be called within Fourteen Days next after any Vacancy shall happen in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman Or Member of the Committee, and shall cause to be expressed in the Notices of every Special and Adjourned General Meeting the Objects for which such Meetings respectively are to be held.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Committee of Management for the time being shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Six Days to comply with any such Requisition, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Members who shall have signed the same to call a Special Meeting of the Company by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers, specifying the Place where and the time when such Meeting is to be held, the time not being less than Six Days after such Notice, and the Place somewhere in the said City of London, and likewise specifying in such Notice the Reason for and Intention of calling such Special Meeting; and the Members are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such Special 57 Geo. III. O o Meeting

Regulations concerning Meetings of the Committee,

Questions decided by Majority.

Powers and Duties of Committee as to calling General Meeting.

Special Meetings of the Company may be convened by Members on Neglect of Committee.

56 2

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Power to the CoiYnniuee to appoint Clerks, Sic.

General Powers of Covnrmttee,

&c.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Order signed by Three of the Committee.

To compel Payment of hubscriptions.

fn Default of Payment of Calls, Shares to be f0j f> iLcd s

Meeting, and specified in such Notice; and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such matter or matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at a General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall appoint all the Clerks, Officers, Servants and Workmen, and Tradesmen of the said Company, and dismiss, remove and suspend them as they shall think fit, and may require such Security from the Clerks and Officers, and also from the Treasurer for the time being of the said Company, as they shall think necessary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have Power and Authority to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of, for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contracts for the Lighting of any such Parishes, Places, Streets, Roads, Ways, Houses or Buildings as aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in felling and disposing of all Articles produced from such Manufacture of Air or Gas as aforesaid, and in making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations as shall at any time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Control or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XLVIo And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by Three or more Members of the said Committee; and that the Receipts of the said Treasurer, for all Monies payable to him on account of the said Company, shall be effectual Discharges for the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards carrying on the Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed or such Part's or Portions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by any General Meeting, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such times and Places as shall be directed by a General Meeting in manner before mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the time and in the manner required for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same in any Court of Law or Equity.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall

11 neglect

D. 1817.

57° GEO. III. C. xxii t

sm

neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by any General Meeting as aforesaid, by the time appointed for Payment thereof, then in such case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall (whether or not the same shall then have been sued for in any Court of Law or Equity) absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and benefit of the said Company, unless otherwise determined by a Special General Meeting; and that all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid until after Thirty Days' Notice shall be given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or lash Place of Abode; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Subferiber or Subscribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contra& or other Agreement between such Subferiber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of the full Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provisions as aforesaid, by WiH or otherwise, how such Share Or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, that then and in such case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor and Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

L. And in order that where the original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof'with the Clerk to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Ad* ministrators, 'Successors and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to Be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to

O o 2 which

but Notice to ks

given.

Executors, &c. indemnified in paying Calls*

For afeemining the Proprietorship of Shares in cases of Death, Insolvency, &c.

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

56 i

PiOViHou if CjIIs not paid in such cases.

Shares may be transferred.

which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; Be it therefore further enabled. That in all the cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and manner herein specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Hating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book, or Lift of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company; and that in all or any of the said cases it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Thirty Days' Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall not have paid his, her or their Portion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days at least between each Advertisement, in some Two or more London Newspapers, to declare, at any General Meeting, the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in such case the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said Members at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Members of the said Undertaking, iheir Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

loi m of Trans- 6 T of in consideration of

er* '^paid to me by of

6 do hereby bargain, fell and transfer to the said

the Sum of Capital Stock of and in the Under taking called "The City of London Gas Light and Coke Company being my Share or Shares] No.

6 ] in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said

' Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions

' that I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof; and c I the said do hereby agree to accept and take

the said Share, subject to the same Rules, Or-

' ders, Restrictions and Conditions; as witness our Hands and Seals, c this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And

A.EU8I7.

51° GEO. III. C. xxili.

565

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company; and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale, and received as such in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom; and that, until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, -nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Member or Members of the said Undertaking in respect of such Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Transfer shall have been registered.

Eli. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, ffie or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for or in respect of his, her or their Shares intended to be sold shall be paid 5 and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the said U: > dertaking, unless he, file or they shall at the time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid;

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Committee of Management, shall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, and after such Entry to cause the same to be signed by their Chairman, and they shall also cause a Certificate, to be signed by the Chairman and Clerk, to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or ffie is entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall nGt hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any matter or thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment or Beter-

OoS mination

Transfer to be reeiltered.

Evidence.

No Share to be sold after a Cad till the Money is paid.

In such case Transfer void.

Names, &c. of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificate of their Shares delivered to them.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

C. xxiii — xxv.

ST GEO. III.

A.P.181 7

56S

Notice of Appeal.

Power of Quarter Sessions.

Provisofor Rights of Persons 16. light Streets, &c. and for Commissioners of Pavement, Sewers, New River Company, &c.

Proviso for Persons aggrieved proceeding against the Company.

[Public Act.]

56 G-3, c. 46.-

*5 G- .3- c. 67. 35 G. 3. c. 132. subject as herein

miration (ha'll have been made or given, (fijrft giving Twenty one Days' Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons againfE whom such Complaint is intended to be made,) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the City or County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such City or County $ and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoyer, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WelminJlei'> or elsewhere 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving any Person or Persons of any Right which he or they at present possess, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houses with Gas Lights, or in any other manner i Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners or Trustees for Lighting or Paving, or of the Commissioners of Sewers* or the New River Company, or any other Company estabUlhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parishes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within such Parishes or Places; Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company* or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein. '

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worceflef.

[23d May 1817-7]

Cap. xxv.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Fifteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty for amending and

widening

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III. C. xxv — xxix.

567

widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through Little mentioned, con-Yarmouth, to Gorlesson, in the County of Suffolk, (c) tinued during

[23d Afryt 1817.] 'he Residue of L J J'- their respective

Terms, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xxvh

An Act for amending the Roads leading from Basingstone, near 26 G. 2. c. 51. Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton x3 G. 3* c. 51* and New Alresford, to Winchester, in the County of South- 35 3-

ampton.[k) [23dil^ 1817.] repe^le(1*

[.Additional Tolls on Sundays, "]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond, in 24 G- 2. c. 17. the County of York, to Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, and G. 2. c. 91. the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gilling to the exec t '^cor!-Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, [a) tinued by this

[23d May A<f>, repealed

from ill June/ - ... 1817.

Lap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Ma- 35 G. 3 c. 148. jesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford in the continued. County of Bedford, to Klmbolton in the County of Huntingdon. (a)

[23d May 1817.]

is not

\_New Trustees, Power to appoint Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to fated] cease, and new Tolls granted,]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS many of the Streets and public Places within that Part of the Metropolis which is situate within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, are divided into parochial and other Districts, and are paved and repaired and regulated, and Obstructions and Nuisances therein are removed, under the Direction of certain Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons appointed to superintend and regulate the same in each of such parochial or other Districts, by virtue of certain local Acts of Parliament 5 and the Pavements of many of such Streets*and public Places are often in a State dangerous to Passengers,

and frequently contain Nuisances and Obstructions which are offensive or injurious 1 And Whereas it would materially tend to the remedying of such Defects in the Pavements, and such Nuisances, if more summary means of compelling the speedy Reparation of the Pavements of such Streets and public Places, and of enforcing due Regulations as to the various Water and Gas Com-6 panies and Commissioners of Sewers, by whom the Pavements of such Streets and public Places have been frequently displaced; and also if more adequate Funds and Authorities were'given to

O o 4 6 the

503

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

How far Act to extend.

Surveyors of Pavements to be appointed in P.jriflies or other Districts.

c the said several Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons having ' the Superintendence and Regulation of the Pavements of such ' Streets and public Places; ' For which Purposes, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act and the Provisions herein contained shall extend to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Cities of London and Westminster and Borough of Southwark, and any other Parts of the Metropolis which are included within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le hone in the said County of Middlesex, except only any Parts thereof which may be herein after particularly excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Parish or other District included within the Operation of this Act, shall appoint One or more competent Person or Persons, being a House-keeper or Housekeepers, and having an House or Houses, or an Office or Offices, within their several Parishes or other Districts, and to be and be called "The Surveyor" or " The Surveyors of the Pavements, " within each of such respective Parishes or other Districts, and that such Person or Persons so to be appointed the Surveyor or Surveyors shall superintend the Pavements of the several Parishes ot other Districts to which he or they shall be so appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements therein, and shall observe and perforin all the Duties imposed on Surveyors or Inspectors of Pavements by this Act, or by the several local Acfts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall have been and shall be appointed, and which they shall be from time to time directed to observe and perform by the several Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed; and also that all and every the Surveyors so appointed shall and may be discharged and removed from time to time by the several Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed, at their Pleasure; and that they shall be paid such annual or other Salaries, Gratuities or Compensation, out of the Monies arising from the Rates made and to be made for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of each of such Parishes or other Districts, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, during their continuance in the said Office, as the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be severally appointed, shall from time to time think fit: Provided nevertheless, that this Act £shall not limit or prevent the Appointment by the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, of any Inspectors or other inferior Officers for the Assistance of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements within each of their respective parochial or other Districts, fec they shall think necessary for the better Preservation and Superintendence of the pavements therein.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. ix.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall at any time hereafter be appointed to the Office of Surveyor of the Pavements of and in any Parish or other Districft, or shall continue in fucfo Office, or shall act therein, who at the time of such Appointment shall be, or after such Appointment shall become, a Commissioner of Trustee, or a Person having the Control of the Pavements of such Parish or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise, or who shall be a Pavior or Mason, or Dealer in Stones, and who shall have any Share or Interest in any Employment or Contract for the Pavement or Reparation of the Pavement of such Parish or other District, or in any other public Works under such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within such Parish or other District; and that no Person shall be continued in such Office of Surveyor of Pavements by any Commissioners, TrusteesT>r other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Parish or other District, or shall act therein, who shall cease to be an House -keeper, or to have an House or Office within the particular Parish or other Districft, to the Superintendence of the Pavements whereof he shall have been so appointed, or who shall become otherwise disqualified by virtue of this Act; and that if any Person shall presume to aas a Surveyor of Pavements for and in any Parish or other District, being disqualified as herein mentioned, every such Person shall for every such Act forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Add

IV. And be it hereby further enacted, That from time to time and at all times hereafter, within One Calendar Month after the Death or Removal or Disqualification of any Person appointed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within any parochial or other Distridft, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other Dif-trids, the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other such Persons, shall appoint another competent Person, qualified as hereinbefore directed, to the Office of a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, in the Room or Stead of the Person who shall so die or be removed, or otherwise become disqualified for such Office.

V. And be it hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at all times within Fourteen Days after they shall have appointed any Person or Persons to the Office of a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other Districts, shall cause to be painted on Boards the Christian and Surnames of each and every such Person or Persons so from time to time by them appointed to the Office of Surveyor for such parochial or other District, with the Number of the House, and the Street or other public Place within the said parochial or other District which may then be the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Office or Offices, of the Person or Persons so appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for such particular parochial or other District, and that such Inscriptions shall be so painted on the said Boards in Oil Colours, and in Roman Letters, being at ieaft One Inch in Height; and that they the said Commissioners or

Trustees,

5&J

What Persons incapacitated from being Surveyors.

Incapacitated Persons astine;

[Penalty.]

Successors to Surveyors to he appointed within-One Month after Vacancy.

Gommififioneiu See. to cause Boards, inscribed with the Names and Residence of Surveyors, to be placed in conspicuous Parts of every Diitridt.

570

57° Geo. m.

Removing or obliterating such Boards or In-scriptiotis, Penalty.

Certain House-keepers living within Jurisdiction of Act may give Notice to Surveyors of dangerous or defective Pavement, and require the Reparation thereof*

C. xxix*

A.D. 1817.

Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every such parochial or other District, shall also cause one of such Boards, being so painted, to be set up or fixed in a conspicuous Place of the external Part of every Parish Church and parochial Chapel and Watch House, within their several parochial or other Distritffs, and also on any Walls or Erections or Buildings within their several parochial or other Districts respectively, not being private Dwelling Houses, as they may think necessary, and from time to time may vary and transpose the same, or cause the same to be varied or transposed, as they shall think necessary or convenient; and that they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every such parochial or other District, from time to time and at all times shall cause to be renewed or repaired and repainted all and every such Boards with the Inscriptions aforesaid, when and as often as occasion shall require* and so that the Inscriptions on the said Boards, with the Names and Residence of the several Surveyors of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other District, shall be legible at all times during the Day; and that if any Person shall wilfully remove, destroy or injure any of such Boards, or shall obliterate or deface the Words painted thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or shall cause or procure the same to be removed, destroyed or injured, or obliterated or defaced, then every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings nor less than Fifteen Shillings, to be recovered in the manner herein after provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person being the Occupier of an inhabited Dwelling House, situate in any Parish or Place also within the Jurisdiction of this A<ff, and rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Dwelling House shall be situate, at the Sum of Fifty Pounds at the leafs, for and in respect of such Dwelling House, or in case any Two Persons being the Occupiers of Two several inhabited Dwelling Houses situate in any Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, also within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and each of whom shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, Parishes or Places* wherein such Dwelling Houses shall be respectively situate, at the Sum of Twenty five Pounds at the least, for and in respect of their said respective Dwelling Houses, shall think that the Pavement of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Distritff within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part of such Pavement, is in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such One Person alone, or for such Two Persons jointly, to prepare a Notice, signed with his or their respective Hand or Hands, setting forth the Number of his or their respective Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, and the Street or public Place, or Streets or Public Places, wherein such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses is or are situate, and describing the Part of the Pavements of any Street or public Place which he or they consider to be then dangerous to Passengers, or so very defe6tive as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and also requiring the Reparation thereof, and to address such Notice to any Person being a Surveyor for the time being of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix. 371

the Pavements of and within the parochial or other District wherein the Part of any Street or public Place shall be situate, the Pavement whereof shall then be dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and to give such Notice to any such Surveyoi*, or to leave the same for him at the Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other District, inscribed on the Boards to be from time to time set up by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person from time to Surveyors to time hereafter being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial CJul'e such dan' or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to whom shall ger°usor defeCfc-be given or for whom shall be left a Notice, signed and prepared as

before directed, of the dangerous or very defective State as aforesaid of any Part of the Pavement of any Street or public Place in the parochial or other District in and for which he shall then be a Surveyor of Pavements, shall forthwith insped the Part of the Pavement described in such Notice given to or left for him; and if the same or any Part thereof shall really be in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and if the Costs and Charges of and about the repairing of such dangerous or very defective Pavement will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, he shall cause such Pavement to be if Charge do not effectually repaired within Three Days after the Day whereon such exceed 2l. Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid; and if the Costs and Charges of and about the repairing of such Pavement will exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, but will not exceed the Sum if exceeding 2l. of Ten Pounds, then he shall cause such dangerous or very defective Pavement to be effectually repaired within Seven Days after the Day whereon such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid; and in either of such cases, such Surveyor may and shall cause such Pavements to be so effectually repaired by and of his own Authority, and without any Order or Direction from the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein he shall be appointed to ad; and the Costs and Charges of such effectual Repa* Such Charge to ration shall be paid by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Per* be paid by Corn-fons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other p^e^e^s°&c District wherein such dangerous or very defective Pavement may be L

situate; but if it shall appear to the said Surveyor, upon the Inspec-don of the Pavements described in any Notice to be given to or left for him as aforesaid, that the same is really in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and that the Costs and Charges of and about the effectual Reparation of such Part of the Paid Pavements as may then be in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in every such case, the If Charges ex-laid Surveyor shall deliver a Copy of the Notice given to or left for ceed iol. him as aforesaid, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of Proceedings* the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, within Three Days after such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid, and shall in Writing require such Clerk or Clerks, or other

proper

57*

C. XXis.

A.D. 1817.

JuHtces on Neglect may summon Survey ors, and order the Repair.

57° GEO. III.

proper Officer, duly to summon a General Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, according to the usual Custom of such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, or to the Directions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament under or by virtue whereof such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other District, shall be appointed; and that such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, within Two Days after he shall receive such Notice and Requisition from the said Surveyor, shall summon or cause to be summoned a General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other Districft, to be held within Four Days then next, for the Purpose of considering the Notice given to or left for the Surveyor appointed by them as aforesaid 5 and that the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or a sufficient Number of them for the Transaction of Business, according to the Provisions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament under or by virtue of which they are or shall be appointed, shall assemble at their usual Place of Meeting pursuant to such Summons, and shall then and there consider such Notice so given to or left for the said Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District; and if such Part of the Pavement described in such Notice, or any Part thereof, shall really be in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, then such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall then and there direct the effectual Reparation of such Part of the Pavements mentioned in the said Notice as may be dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and shall cause the same and every Part thereof to be so effectually repaired , at their Coils and Charges, within Twenty eight Days then next, if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the same will not in their Judgment exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the same will in their Judgment exceed the said Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Pavement of any Street or public Place within the Jurisdiction of this Act, being in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, whereof a Notice, prepared and signed as hereinbefore is directed> shall have been given to or left for any Person being a Surveyor of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein the Pavement so dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, may be situate, shall not be Efficiently repaired within the times hereinbefore appointed for the Reparation thereof, (that is to say) within Three Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum qi Two Pounds, and within Seven Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs

and

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

p >»o

5/o

and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks next after the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Coft3 and Charges of and about such Repair would exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons by whom any Notice signed as hereinbefore is directed shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to apply and complain to any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the City, Borough or County wherein the Pavement of the Street or public Place described in the Notice so given or left as aforesaid shall be situate, and that upon Proof proofon oth upon Oath, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that a of One wirnefa. Notice, prepared and signed as hereinbefore is directed, had been given to or left for a Person appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District wherein the Pavement described in such Notice may be situate, and according to the Directions of this Act, and that the Part of the Pavements in any Street or public Place described in such Notice, and being in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, had not been sufficiently repaired within the time hereinbefore limited by this Act, according to the Costs and Charges which mull be incurred in and about such Reparation; then such Justices of the Peace, by a Summons under their Hands, shall require the said Person, being appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements for the parochial or other Piftridl wherein the Pavement of any Street or public Place dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, shall be situate, to or for whom the said Notice, prepared and signed as aforesaid, shall have been given or left, according to the Directions of this Act, to appear before them the said Justices, at a Place and time to be mentioned in such Summons, (and the Time being Twenty four Hours at the lead after the said Summons shall have been given to the said Surveyor, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the parochial or other District the Pavement whereof he shall be appointed to survey, inscribed on the Boards hereinbefore directed to be set up in every parochial and other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act,) and then and there to show Cause why the Pavement described in the Surveyor to show said Notice hath not been sufficiently repaired according to such Cause why Notice, within the times hereinbefore by this Act limited, according Pavement not to the Expence which must be incurred in and about such Repair; rePajrefl-and that if the said Surveyor, or some Person authorized by him shall not attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or such other Person authorized by him shall then and there attend, and shall not show to them the said Justices a sufficient Cause or sufficient Causes why the said Pavement described in the said Notice given to or left for the said Surveyor as hereinbefore is directed, and every Part thereof, hath not been sufficiently repaired according to such Notice, then and upon Proof upon Oath by Two or more credible Witnesses that the Pavement described in the said Notice is then dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and that the same is situate within the parochial or other District for which the said Surveyor shall have been appointed and notified as appointed to act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices* by Order under their on Default. Juf-

Handi tices may order

57-1

Cxxix.

57° GEO. III.

Surveyor to pay Money expended, and to repair.

Proceedings on the said Order.

If Surveyor ftiow that Notice not duly given, &c.

Justices may dif-miss Coro plaint, and inflitt

Penalty of 40s,

A.D. 1817.

Hands and Seals, to order and direct that the said Surveyor shall pay to the Person or Persons by whom the said Notice shall have been1 signed as aforesaid, such Sum of Money as he or they shall have legally expended for the Costs and Charges of such Summons and Order, and which said Sum of Money so by the said Justices ordered to be paid by the said Surveyor shall and may be recovered in the same manner in which any other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and the said Justices shall also then and there, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, order the said Surveyor to sufficiently repair or cause to be repaired all the Pavement described in the said Notice being in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and being in the parochial or other District wherein he the said Surveyor shall have been appointed to act as Surveyor of the Pavement, within Three Days then next if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, and within Seven Days then next if the Costs and Charges of and about the said Repair will not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days then next if the Costs and Charger of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds but will not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the said Order of the said Two Justices of the Peace, within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be made, shall be given to the said Surveyor, or left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the Parish or other District the Pavement whereof he shall be appointed to survey, inscribed on the said Boards hereinbefore directed to be set up, and shall be obeyed and performed by him; and he the said Surveyor shall sufficiently repair the said Pavements, or cause the same to be sufficiently repaired, within the time to be directed by the said Order, at the Costs and Charges of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of that parochial or other District wherein the Pavements shall be situate which by such Order shall be so ordered to be repaired 5 but if the said Surveyor, or any Person authorized by him, shall attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, and shall show to the said Justices that such Notice was not prepared and signed and given or left according to the Directions of tBis Act, or that the Pavement described in such Notice was not in a State dangerous to Passengers, or was not in a State so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, either at the time of the Delivery of such Notice, or at the time of the Application of the Person or Persons signing such Notice to such Justices, or shall then and there show to such Justices such other Cause or Causes as they shall deem sufficient why the said Pavements have not been repaired according to such Notice, then and iri any or either of the said Cases the said Justices shall dismiss the said Complaint of the Person or Persons by whom the said Notice shall have been signed as aforesaid, and by an Order under their Hands and Seals shall declare that such Person or Persons having signed the said Notice, and having made the Application arijd Complaint to them the said Justices, hath or have forfeited the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall direct the fameJBum of: Forty Shillings to be paid by him.1 or

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

575

or them to the said Surveyor or other Person authorized by him,

then attending before the said Justices, for his own Use and Benefit;

and such Sum of Forty Shillings so forfeited shall be recovered in

the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, proviso where

and be it hereby also enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Expence otRe-

Justices of the Peace that the Costs and Charges of and about the J^a^o^he^0*

Repair of any Pavement so by them ordered to be repaired as afore- cotripieteci within

said will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or that such Reparation six Weeks.

cannot be probably completed within Six Weeks then next, then and

in such case, or under any other special Circumstances, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Justices to extend any of the

times for completing the Repair of any such Pavement to some other time beyond the Period of Six Weeks, or beyond the other

Periods mentioned by this Act, at their Discretion, and so that such

Repair be completed with all the Expedition which the Extent of such Repair and such special Circumstances, in the Judgment of the said Justices of the Peace, will permit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person from time Surveyors ne-to time hereafter, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any paro. glecting to attend chial or other Didri6t within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and being ^L, ft)ces>or.

summoned by any Two Justices of the Peace as hereinbefore is di- orders!^ re6!ed, shall refuse or negle^ either personally or by some Person authorized by him, to attend before such Justices at the time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, or shall refuse or neglect to perform and obey any Order which may be legally made by such Two Justices of the Peace, under their Hands and Seals, as hereinbefore is directed, and which shall direct, according to the Provisions of this A6i, the Reparation of any Pavements dangerous to any Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages in any Streets or public Places within the parochial or other Didridl for which he shall be appointed to act as a Surveyor of the Pavements, and to perform and obey the same within the time specified therein, (he having Notice thereof as hereinbefore is directed, and not being prevented from the Observance and Performance of such Order by Frod or other unavoidable Circumstances, or by the Neglect or Proceedings of any Water or Gas Company, or Commissioners of Sewers,) then and in such case the said Person being the Surveyor as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for such Refusal or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Fird Offence and a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for First Offence, a Second Offence, and a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds for every Second Offence, Third Offence, to be recovered in such manner as other Penalties or Third Offence. Forfeitures are by this Act herein after directed to be recovered, and to be paid, when recovered, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of Penalties.

Poor of the Parish or Didridt wherein any such dangerous or defective Pavement shall be situate, and to be by them applied to and for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Didrift, and in aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or District, and to no other Person or Persons, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and such Person who shall be guilty of such Third Offence shall thereafter become disqualiffed from acting in the said Office of DiiquaUfctL a Surveyor of the Pavements in the same or in any other parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and from being

re-appointed!

Proviso for Re-imbursement of Costs incurred by any Person in Performance of Orders of Commissioners, tfcc.

Notice of Appointment of Surveyor to be given to Water ind Gas Com-p. arises.

end Commit oners of Sewers*

Proviso as to Ne-ceflity of giving

C. xxix. h7° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

re-appointed or appointed thereto, and from acting the rein, either gratuitously or othenvile, or under any Pretence whatsoyer, unless he shall so aft under the Direction and by the Command of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed: Provided always, that all Cods, Charges and Expences which such Person, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial or other District, shall incur or expend in and about the Observance and Performance of any such Order made by the said Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Reparation of the Pavements in such parochial or other District being dangerous to Passengers or very defective as aforesaid, as hereinbefore is directed, or which he shall incur or be put unto in consequence of his Refusal or Neglect to perform and obey any such Order by the Directions in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District for which he may be appointed to act, shall be forthwith paid or reimbursed to him by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies which they shall then possess, or shall first thereafter receive, by virtue or on account of any Rates or Assessments thentofore or thereafter made, for and towards the Expences of the Paving or Reparation of the Pavement of such parochial or other District, or otherwise, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, when and as often as any Person shall be appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of the Streets-and public Places irf such parochial or other District, such Appointment shall be notified, within Seven Days after every such Appointment, by the Clerk or Clerks or some other Officer of such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, to a Clerk, Secretary or some Officer or Servant of each of the several Companies for the Supply of Water, or Proprietors of Water Works, commonly and herein after called and described as 6 Water Companies, 5 and of each of the several Companies or Societies or Proprietors of Works for the Supply of inflammable Air or Gas or Gas Lights, commonly and herein after called and described*Gas Light Companies/ whose Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Gas may or shall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts for which such Surveyor shall have been so appointed, and also to a Clerk or Secretary of the Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurisdiction over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other District, by a Notice in Writing to be signed by such Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and to be given to a Clerk, Secretary or some other Officer or Servant of the said several Water and Gas Light Companies, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to be left for them or some or one of them at their or some or one of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses or Place or Places of Abode, or at an Office or Counting House for the time being of each of such Water and Gas Light Companies or Commissioners of Sewers: Provided, that it shall not be necessary to give

any

C. xxix.

577

any such Notice to any Water or Gas Light Companies or Commissioners of Sewers which shall not have previously notilied that their Pipes or Drains and Sewers have been and are placed beneath the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Dif-trifts, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or for any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them or any of them, or on their Account, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose (except for the Purpose of altering the Position of, or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain), unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement, signed by the principal Clerk or Secretary of such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, or by their Surveyor, or Inspector, or Turncock for the time being, specifying the Street or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street or public Place in which such Pavement is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being of the parochial or other District wherein such Street or public Place the Pavement whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling-house or Office within such parochial or other District, for the Space of Three Days at the least before such Pavement or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up for the Purposes aforesaid; and that no Gas Light Company shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement of any Street or public Place for the Purpose of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and also, that any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, who shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of altering the Position of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, shall give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, and in manner aforesaid, unto such Surveyor as aforesaid, within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them or on their Account, shall begin to break or take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements for the Purposes last aforesaid; and that if any such Water or Gas Light Company, or 57 Geo. III. Pp any

Notice in certain cases.

Previous Notice to be given by the said Companies and Commissioners of Sewers to Surveyors before they break up any Pavement, except for Repairs, Sec,

and to have Consent of Commissioners, Sec.

Notice after beginning to break up for Repairs, Sec. of Pipes, See.

Companiesj Sec, breaking of

C. xxix.

57 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

5'J'o

without Notice, (Exception)

[Penalty.]

New Mains of Wacer Pipes, <kc. to be made of Iron only.

Not laid down during the Months of December, January or February,

And lo from Ten Year: , front passing this, Act.

any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons a<sting by or under their Authority, or on their Account, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement (except for the Purpose of altering the Position of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain) without such Three Days previous Notice being given or left as aforesaid; or if any Gas Light Company shall break or take up or disttirb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, any of such Pavement, for the Purpose of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without such Consent as aforesaid; or if any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, who may break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements aforesaid, for the Purpose of altering the Position of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, shall refuse or neglect to give or leave, or to cause to be given or left, such Notice thereof as aforesaid within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons atfting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them, or on their Account, shall begin to break or to take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements, then and in every or any such case, the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the same Pavement, or any Part thereof, or causing or diretfting the same to be broken or taken up, or under whose Authority or on whose Account the same shall be so broken or taken up, or the Persons so breaking or taking up the same, shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within the parochial or other Distri<ft in which such Pavement so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Consent as aforesaid, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all new or complete Mains or Pipes for the Conveyance of Water, or inflammable Air or Gas, which after the passing of this Act shall be laid down beneath the Surface of any Streets or Public Places within the Jurisdi<ftion of this Act, by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, and whether such new or complete Main of Pipes shall or shall not be substituted for or added to any other complete Main or Mains of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or inflammable Air or Gas, then-tofore laid down for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and that the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within the Jurisdi<ftion of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall not be broken or taken up for the Purpose of laying down any new Main of Pipes, for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, during any Part of the Months of December, January or February in any Year; and also, that from and after Ten Years from the passing of this Act all and every new Main Pipe and Pipes for the Conveyance

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

ance of Water, or of inflammable Air or Gas, which shall be laid down by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, or other Persons, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and all and every new Service and other Pipes shall not consist or be made of Wood, but shall consist or be made of Iron or Lead, or of some durable Material; and that if any Water or Gas Light Company, or any other Person, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any such Pavement for the Purposes aforesaid during the Months aforesaid, or shall lay or cause to be laid down any Pipes consisting or made of any Materials in Violation of the Provisions of this Act, then and in every such case the Company or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be Penalty, so broken or taken up by them or on their Account, and the like Sum for every Foot in Length of Pipe which shall be so laid down consisting or made of any such Material; and which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recoverable in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Proviso for shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Water Com-Water Company, at any time within or after the Space of Ten Years ^ei^n^Mains2 from the passing of this Act, from repairing all or any of their en aans* present Mains or Service Pipes, which are not construdfed of Iron, with Wood or such other Materials whereof such Mains or Pipes are now constructed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Plans of Pipes to and for any Person appointed to act as a Surveyor of the Pave- and Sewers imy ments in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this q£ h/

Act, and to and for any other Person or Persons appointed by the pavement °&r, Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any such parochial or other Districts, when he shall be directed so to do by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be appointed to act, from time to time and at any times between the Flours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day not being a Sunday or Holiday appointed by Law, at the Office or Counting House of any Water or Gas Light Company, any of whole Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas shall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts, the Pavements whereof shall be under the Control of such several Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for which any such Surveyor shall be appointed to act, and at the Office of any Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurisdiction over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other Districts, to examine and inspect any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, or Delineation or Description, of all and every the Main of Pipes and Pipes belonging to any of such Water or Gas Light Companies, then possessed by them, or being in their Custody or Power, and any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, Delineation or Description, of the common and public Drains or Sewers being within such parochial or other Districts, and under the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners of Sewers, then possessed by them, or being in their Custody or Power, he such Surveyor for the time being, or such

P p 2 other

580

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Notice thereof in Writing.

Officers of Companies, &c. to notify their Names and Places of Abode to Clerks of Commissioners or to Surveyors of Pavements.

[Penalty.]

other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, having given to a Clerk or Secretary of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or having left at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, Two Days previous Notice in Writing of his or their Intention to attend at the Office or Counting House of such Companies or Commissioners of Sewers for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Secretary or Clerk, or/ome other Officer of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall then and there produce and ffiow, or cause to be produced and ffiown, unto such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, all and every the Maps, Plans, Drafts, Surveys, Delineations and Descriptions aforesaid, in the Custody or Power of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and shall permit him or them then and there to take Extracts therefrom, or Copies thereof, or of and from any of them, or any Part of any of them, so far as may relate to the Mains of Pipes or Pipes, and to the public or common Sewers or Drains which shall be laid or be beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places within the parochial or other District for which such Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons appointed by any such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of Pavements, shall be deputed or directed to act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Secretaries or Clerks, Surveyors or Inspectors, and the several and respective Turncocks employed or appointed, or hereafter being employed or appointed by all and every the Water and Gas Light Companies, any of whose Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and also all and every the Clerk and Clerks, Secretary and Secretaries appointed or being hereafter appointed by any Commissioners of Sewers whose Jurisdiction shall extend over the common or public Drains or Sewers within every such parochial or other District, within Forty Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of Five Days next after he or they shall be hereafter severally appointed to such several Offices, Situations or Employments, shall give Notice in Writing to each and every of the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, or to the Surveyor and Surveyors of the Pavements of each parochial or other District, beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places wherein the Mains or Pipes of such Company, or any of them, shall be laid, or there shall be any common or public Drains or Sewers within the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners of Sewers, of his, their and every of their Christian and Surnames and Place or Places of Abode, and of the Company or Commissioners of Sewers by whom he or they is or are, or hath or have been so appointed or employed, and also of the Place which is appointed as the Office or Counting House of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect to give such Notice within the respectiive times aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending in either of the said Cases shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

581

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear to any Person appointed to a <51 as a Surveyor of Pavements in any parochial or other D.i-strict within the Jurisdiction of this Act, that any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing belonging to any Water or Gas Light Company, or that any public Sewer beneath the Surface'of the Pavement of any Street or public Place within such parochial or other District, be broken or damaged, it shall be, lawful for such Surveyor, and he is hereby required, to give immediate Notice, signed by himself, to the Company or Commissioners of Sewers to whom it may appear to him that such Pipe or Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer, doth or may belong, by either giving such Notice to a Clerk or Secretary, or to a Turncock of such Company, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to some or one of them, or by leaving the same at the Place or Places of Abode of some or one of them, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and shall require that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer^ be examined, and, if needful, that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, and such Sewer be repaired by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and thats within Forty eight Hours after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid, the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers, to or for whom, or to or for whose Officer or Servant such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause to be taken up the Pavement of the Street or public Place beneath which the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other defective Thing, or Sewer, shall be, and shall cause the Ground to be opened, and shall also cause the said Pipe, - Stopcock, Plug or other Thing to be substantial repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or the said Sewer to be examined, ana/, if necessary, to be substantial repaired, and the Ground properly filled in with hard Rubbish or other good Materials, and rammed downs, within Forty eight Hours next after, such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, or with all convenient Expedition, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District wherein such Pavement, Street, or public Place shall be situate, and to their Satisfaction, or the Satisfaction of any Three or more of them and also within Twelve Hours, after such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall be so substantial repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or such Sewer shall be so substantial repaired, and the Ground above the same shall be so filled in and rammed down, the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall cause Notice thereof, signed by the Clerk or Secretary to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, to be given to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors or other Persons then employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Difirid, to pave and repair the Pavements within such parochial or other District, as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the time being may from time to time. direCf, that such Examination, and, if necessary, such Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, hath been made pursuant to such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements, and that the Ground hath been refilled and rammed down, that the Pavement in such Street or public Place may be forthwith relaid in

P p 3 the

Surveyor may require Repair of Pipes and Drains when defective.

Notice to be given to repair them.

f Sit,

To be done -within 48 Hours from Notice; f Sic.

and Notice thereof to Commissioners, &c.

-582

Company to whom the Pipes belong not repairing and giving Notice thereof to Surveyor, &c.

First Offence.

Second Offence. Subsequent Offence. Penalty.

Where Notice not made to the proper Company,

Proceeding!'.

C. xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

the manner directed by this Act; and in case the Water or Ga3 Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, to or for whom such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left as aforesaid, and to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing or Sewer, referred to in such Notice shall belong, shall neglect to cause the same to be repaired, altered or amended, or renewed, as the case may be, and the Ground to be filled in and rammed down to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, within the time hereinbefore limited and appointed for those Purposes, or shall neglect to give or cause to be given Notice thereof as aforesaid to the said Surveyor of the Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors, or other Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, to pave and repair the Pavement within such parochial or other District; then the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for the first Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XVL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen and it shall be discovered, after any Pavement in any Street or public Place shall have been taken up, and the Ground shall have been opened, that any Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, beneath the Surface of the Pavement of any Street or public Place, which shall have appeared to any Surveyor of Pavements to require to be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, shall not belong to the Water or Gas Company to or for whom such Notice for the Preparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal thereof as aforesaid shall have been given or left as is hereinbefore directed by the said Surveyor, but to some other Water or Gas Company, or to some other Persons, then such Company to or for whom the said Notice of the said Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left, within Twenty four Hours after the Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause a Notice, signed by the Secretary or Clerk, to be given in the same manner hereinbefore directed as to the Service of the original Notice to the Company or other Persons to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall appear to belong, which did appear to the said Surveyor of Pavements to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, and shall thereby require them to obey and perform and comply with the said original Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements, instead of the Company to whom such original Notice had been given; and that such Company or other Persons to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall belong, shall reimburse and pay on Demand to the first mentioned Company to or for whom the original Notice may have been given or left, the reasonable Costs and Charges which they shall have incurred in and about taking up the Pavements and opening she Ground, and shall obey, execute, and perform the said original Notice of the said Surveyor, and the Directions of this Act relating thereto, in such and the same manner,

and

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix. 583

and within such and the same time, in all respects, as if the said original Notice from the said Surveyor had been given to them \ and Penalty, they shall be liable to and shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures on Neglect so to do, as they ought to have done, or would have been liable to, and would have incurred, if the said original Notice had been given to them in manner before directed; and that Company open-the Company by whom the Pavements shall be first taken up and the ^vjn^No-H* Ground shall be opened, who shall neglect to give the Notices hereby (fompan/io* required to the Company to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or wh0m Pipe other Thing which shall appear to the Surveyor of the Pavements belongs, to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, shall appear to belong, in manner hereinbefore directed, shall for the first First Offence. Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and Second Offence, for the second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Subsequent Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, Offence, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and For- ena feitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever after the passing Repairs and of this Act any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners Works by pora-of Sewers, pursuant to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, shall executed -with^take up or cause to be taken up any Pavement of any Street or^convenient public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction Expedition; of this A eft, or shall place in any Street or public Place any Pipes or other Materials and Things, for the Purpose of executing any Works beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or otherwise, all and every such Works shall be executed and completed within such reasonable time as the Commissioners or Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time and at any time direct and appoint; and also, that all such Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be and remain on the Surface of any such Street or public Place, and of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Distri£i, for no longer Period than shall be unavoidably necessary in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them; and also that the same and pipes, &rc. Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be from time to time and removed at all times removed and taken away off and from the Surface of any and every Street or public Place by the Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or by the Officers or Servants of the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, by whom or by whose Order, or by whose Officers or Servants, or for whose Offices or Works, all or any such Pipes or other Materials or Things shall have been brought to and placed on the Surface of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, and at their Costs and Charges, within Forty within Forty eight Hours after such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall eight Hours on have been required to remove and take away the same by the Com- ^0tice-missioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Districts, or any Three or more of them, by a Notice signed by Three or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling

P p 4? House

584

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Neglecting to comply with Notice.

Offence.

Second Offence.

Subsequent

Offence.

[Penalty.]

Rubbish and Obstructions occasioned in Streets by the Repairs of Pipes, ivvC. to be speedily removed

on Notice-

Neglecting,

House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of a Clerk or Secretary to such Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall at any time or times neglect to comply with any and every such Notice, and to obey all and every the Directions which the said Commissioners or Trustees or- other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, or any of them, are by this Act authorized and empowered to give, then and in every or any such case such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for the First Neglect and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the Third and every subsequent Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACT

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Dirt, Gravel, Filth? Rubbish and other Things, which at any time or times after the passing of this Act shall be placed, collected or occasioned by or by means of any Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or of any Repairs or other Works executed and performed or intended to be executed and performed by their Officers or Servants, or by their Orders or Directions, or on their Account, in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, by the taking up of the Pavement of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, or by opening the Ground beneath the Surface of such Streets or public Places, or by the Execution of the Works of any Water or Gas Eight Company or otherwise, or which shall be in anywise consequent thereon or incidental thereto, in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, shall be from time to time and at all times collected and removed and carried away, by or at the Costs and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, with all practicable Expedition, and to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them \ and that such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall especially so do whenever they shall be required so to do by any Notice from such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three of them, or from any Surveyor of the Pavements appointed by them, signed by them or him and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect to collect, carry away and remove, or cause to be collected, carried away and removed, from all and every such Streets and public Places, all such Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish and other Things whatsoever, within Twenty four

Hours

C. xxix.

585

57° GEO. III.

Hours after any such Notice shall be from time to time given or left as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom any such Notice shall be signed, then the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for every such Neglect and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered and applied by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at all times after the pafhng of this Act, all and every Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up or shall cause or direct the taking up of any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any Pipe or other Thing, or any Sewer or Drain beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or for executing any other Works or otherwise, from time to time and at all times, from the Commencement until the Completion of all and every such Works, and from the breaking up of the said Pavement of any Street or public. Place until the same Pavement shall be relaid and repaved, at their Costs and Charges (unless the said Works shall be completed during the Day on which the said Works shall be commenced) shall place or cause to be placed such Posts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any and every such Street or public Place, and adopt and execute all such other Means for the Prevention of any Accidents or Mischief to any Passengers, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, and every other public Inconvenience, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Favements of the parochial or other District wherein any such Street or public Place shall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements, or other Officer or Person appointed by them, in the manner and whenever from time to time such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall be required so to do by such Surveyor of the Pavements, or any Officer or Person appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, by any Notice to be signed by him or them, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, for Three Hours after any such Notice as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect to place, or shall neglect to continue for the time before limited, in any Street or public Place, such Posts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, or to adopt and execute any and every other Means for the Purposes aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein any such Street or public Place shall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements or other Officer or Person appointed by them, by whom any such Notice shall be signed, pursuant to and in the manner directed by any such Notice as aforesaid given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company or Commissioners of

Sewers

Penalty 5L

Bars, Watchmen and other Securities are to be provided during Repairs of Pavement:, to prevent Accidents,

on Notice.

Neglecting,

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

renalty 51.

Breaches in the Pavement may be inclosed by Surveyor.

By whom coPs paid.

Stand Cocks placed dining Ftofts3

to the Satisfaction of Surveyor.

Penalty 203.

Work3 neglected by Companies, &c.

Sewers shall for every such Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be also recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it hereby further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Pavement in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall by the breaking or falling in or Decay of any Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, or any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, become broken or irregular, so as to be dangerous or hazardous to Passengers or Carriages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavements for any such parochial or other Difbri6t to cause and direct such Part of the Pavements of any Streets or Public Places as he shall deem so dangerous or hazardous to be forthwith inclosed, in such manner, by such Persons, and with such Materials as he may direct, and as may be needful to prevent such Danger and Hazard to Passengers or Carriages; and that the Coils and Charges incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by him, and shall be paid and discharged by the Commissioners of Sewers, Water or Gas Company, or other Person or Persons to whom the Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing so broken, fallen in or decayed, and by the Breach, falling in or Decay whereof such Breach or Irregularity of the Pavements as aforesaid may have been occasioned, and shall and may be certified to them or him, and be paid by them or him within the time, and shall and may be recovered from them or him in such and the same mariner as is by this Act directed, limited and authorized as to any Monies to become due from any Persons whomsoever for the Coils and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Water Company whose Mains or Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall place or set up, or cause to be placed or set up, any Stand Cock or Pump, or other Xnftrurnent, Machine or Thing, for the Supply of Water in times of Frost or otherwise, in any public Street or Place within the Jurisdiction of this Act, which shall be furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, to be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other District for the time being; and that any Water Company who shall set up or cause to be set up any other Stand Cock, Pump or other Instrument, Machine or Thing, furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, in any Street or public Place, and which shall not be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other District, shall forfeit and shall pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Water or Gas Eight Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, shall neglect to take up the Pavement

14 in

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

587

in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or to open any Ground beneath the Surface of such Street or public Place; or substantially to repair, alter, amend or renew any Pipe, Plug, Stopcock or other Thing, or any public Sewer, as the case may be; or to give the Notices required by this Act to any other Company, or to any Paviors, Surveyors of Pavements or other Persons; or to remove or take away any Pipes or other Materials or Things from any Street or public Place; or to collect and carry away or remove all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish and other Things, from any Street or public Place; or to place and continue Pods, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any Street or public Place; or to do and execute all and every such Works and Things, and all or any other Works and Things directed and required by this Act to be done and executed by any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and pursuant to any Notice given or left as herein directed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or by the Surveyors of Pavements, or other Officers or Persons appointed by them or otherwise, and to their respective Satisfaction, and within the several times and Periods specified and directed by this Act; then and in every or any of such cases, and at all times afterwards, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavement of the parochial or other District wherein the Street or public Place shall be situate as to which any such Neglect shall occur, and all and every such Surveyors are hereby empowered and required, forthwith to cause all and every such several Works, Matters and Things, which shall not be executed and performed by every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or which shall not be well, substantially and effectually executed and performed to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be appointed, within the times and Periods limited by this Act, to be well and effectually performed, to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, as herein provided, at the Costs and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers who shall have so neglected well, substantially and effectually to perform and execute the same, and every of them, and every Part thereof; and that such Costs and Charges and every of them shall be reimbursed and paid by any and every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers to such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to the Person or Persons employed by him or them to perform and execute any or every of such Works, or to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District within which such Works shall be performed and executed, or to their Treasurer, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall from time to time appoint to receive the same; and that the Amount of such Costs and Charges, and of the Monies so to be paid, being directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, shall be ascertained and notified, and certified and recovered, (over and above all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred for any such Neglect by virtue of this Act,) in the same manner in which any Costs and

Charge*

may be executed by Surveyors of Pavements.

Charges reimbursed to Surveyor by Commissioners,

The Amount thereof nfcer-tained and recovered.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

C. xxix.

Pavements taken up by Companies, See. to be relaid by Commissioners of Pavements.

Charges thereof ascertained and certified,

Charges which may be incurred, and any Monies which may become due, for and about and in respect of the relaying or repairing of any Pavements hereafter broken or taken up in any Streets or public Places by or by the Direction or on Account of any Company, Commissioners of Sewers or other Persons, are to be ascertained and notified and certified, and may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pavement of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall be broken or taken up by any Water or Gas Light Company, or by any Commissioners of Sewers, or by any Person or Persons acting by or under their respective Orders or Authorities, or by any other Person or Persons by the Directions of this Act, or by and with or without the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District wherein any Street or public Place shall be situate, the Pavements whereof or any Part whereof shall be broken or taken up, then all such Part and Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto, as far as may be rendered necessary in the Judgment of a Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, and after the Ground opened shall be refilled and rammed down pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be with all convenient Speed completely and substantially repaved, with all necessary Stones, Ballast, Gravel and other Materials, and shall be kept in complete Repair, by the Pavior or Mason then contracting with or employed by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or by such Person or Persons as they may from time to time appoint for that Purpose, under the Inspection and Direction and to the Satisfaction of the said Surveyor of Pavements to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, for the Periods following; (that is to say,) all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpose of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up of the same Pavements; and all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpose of altering the Position of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Three Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up the same Pavements; and that the Costs, Charges and Expences of taking out any Ground, and filling in hard Rubbish or other good Materials, and of repairing and keeping in necessary Repair for the Periods aforesaid all or any such Pavement in manner aforesaid, and all the Expences of Cartage, and all other Charges and Expences attending the same, as well as all Costs and Charges which may be incurred pursuant to the Directions of this Act by any Sur, -

veyor

sr GEO. III.

a xxix.

589

veyor of Pavements in and about executing and performing any Works or Matters neglected to be executed and performed by any Company or Commissioners of Sewers, as hereinbefore directed, shall be ascertained and fixed from time to time by the Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within whose parochial or other District such Works or other Matters shall have been performed and executed, or such Pavements shall have been broken up and repaved; and such Costs and Charges from time to time, whenever directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, shall be certified by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or one of them, or forne other Officer or Servant appointed by them, by a Note to be given to the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Persons who shall have neglected to perform and execute such Works, or by v/hom or by whose Orders or Authorities or on whose Account such Pavement shall have been broken or taken up, or to be left for such Company,

Commissioners of Sewrers, or other Person or Persons, at their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, or at any Office or Counting House of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Dwelling House or Place cf Abode of any Secretary, Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers; and and repaid to that the full Amount of the Costs and Charges so certified shall be them by/ucl1 paid within Two Months after the same Note shall be given or left ComPan, e£> as aforesaid, by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom the same Note shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Treasurer to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or to the Mason or Pavior or other Person or Persons by whom any such Works or Matters shall have been done and performed, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by the said Note of their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Servant, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, or any Part thereof; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons so appointed to receive the same shall be a good and effectual Discharge or Discharges for any and every such Payment, and for all and every the Monies in any such Receipt or Receipts expressed and acknowledged to have been received; and also that in case at any time or times the full Amount of such Costs and Charges so certified as aforesaid shall not be so fully paid without any Dedudfion or Abatement whatsoever, within Two Months after such Noteas aforesaid shall have been given or left f aforesaid, and although no other j-S/V. Demand shall be made of any such Amount or Costs and Charges, or any Part thereof, then from time to time and at all times afterwards it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, to recover Double the Amount of such Costs and Charges so cer- or Double the tilled and being unpaid, of and from the Company or Commissioners Amount reco-of Sewrers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom such Note vered-shall have been given or left as aforesaid, either by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, by a Warrant under the Hand Proceedings, and Seal of any Justice of the Pe^oe for the City, Borough or County " wherein

">90

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Necessary Paving Rates may be made by Persons herein mentioned;

wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof of the Service of such Note as aforesaid, and of the Nonpayment of the Costs and Charges thereby certified, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person who shall have left any such Note as directed by this Act, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons appointed by such Note to receive such Costs and Charges of the Nonpayment thereof, and every Part thereof, to him or them, and which Oath or Affirmation any and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer, or to recover the same and every Part thereof in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or by any Action, or Actions in any Court of Law; and that in any such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or in any such Action or Actions, it shall be only necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or the Complainant or Complainants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Proceedings or Actions, to prove the Service'of such Note pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to entitle him or them to recover by such Proceedings, or by such Action or Actions, from the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, Double the full Amount of such Costs and Charges so certified by such Note, unless the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons shall prove, upon the Return of the Summons in such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or on the Trial of such Action or Actions, the actual Payment of the full Amount of the Costs and Charges so certified, within Two Months after the said Note was left as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons thereby appointed to receive the same; and that in any and every such Action or Actions, no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or Plea in Abatement, or any dilatory Plea, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Persons, who, under any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any parochial or other District within the Juriididion of this Act, are empowered to make Rates and Assessments for the Expences of paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other Districts, either separately or jointly with other Purposes, from time to time and at all times after the passing of this Act, for and notwithstanding any Provisions or Restrictions, Matters or Things, in such local Act or Acts of Parliament contained, to make and sign all and every or any such Rates or Assessments as shall be from time to time necessary or expedient for paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, pursuant to the Direction of the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, or of this Act; and for the Payment of all Debts or Charges heretofore incurred or hereafter to be incurred in and about the Execution of such local Act or Acts of Parliament and of this Act, or either of them, as to the paving and repairing the Pavements of and in such parochial or other District; and for the Payment of any Interest or Annuities charged or chargeable on the Paving Rates of the said parochial or other District, or for the Payment of any principal Monies which may be due in respect thereof, either separately or jointly for other Purposes, as to such Persons

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

591

Persons shall seem reasonable and proper, not exceeding in Amount in any one Year double the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other Distric as the Rate or Rates in the Pound which may be made for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes; except in such parochial or other Districts wherein the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Act or Acts of Parliament for each of such parochial or other Districts, as such Rate or Rates in the Pound, are at the time of the passing of this Act limited and fixed at a Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, and in any such parochial or other District not exceeding in Amount in any one Year treble the Sum or Sums in the Pound so limited and fixed; and that such Rates or Assessments may be either substituted for the Rates or Assessments directed by such local Act or Acts of Parliament to be made for or in respect of the paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of such parochial or other Diflrids, either separately or exclusively or jointly with any other Ob-jedts or Purposes, or may be additional thereto, as the Persons making the said Rates or Assessments from time to time at the making thereof may determine and direct; and that such Rates and Assessments, and also all Rates or Assessment made and signed from and after the passing of this Act, for and in respect of or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Distric, and either separately or jointly with or towards any other Objects or Purposes, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act, shall be laid upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Possession of or enjoy, any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings or Hereditaments, situate or being within any of the Streets or Places within the said parochial or other Distric, and shall be just and equal Pound Rates, and shall be laid according to the annual Rents or Value of such Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings and Hereditaments respectively; and also that all Rates or Assessments hereafter made by virtue of this Act shall be made and signed and allowed and published by the same Persons and in the same manner as hath been directed by the local Act or A 61s of Parliament relating to each particular parochial or other District, as to the Rates or Assessments for such parochial or other Distric for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, by such local Act or Acts of Parliament; and that all such Rates or Assessments, being so made and signed and allowed and published (when such Signature, Allowance and Publication shall be necessary), shall be good and effectual; and that all and every such Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or to be hereafter made by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall become due and payable and may be received and recovered as soon as the same shall have been duly made and signed, published and allowed, when such Signature, Publication and Allowance shall be necessary under any

not exceeding is. in the Pound.

Upon whom laid.

Laid according to Annual Rent or Value, and to be published, &c.

5.92

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

At what times, and how collect-td.

Proviso for Occupiers of public Wharfs in Southwark.

Separate Rates may be made for other Objects.

To whom to be ..-aid.

If adequate Rates be not otherwil'e made,

any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District; but that the same may be collected in one or several Payments, or yearly or half yearly, or quarterly, as the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places of any such parochial or other District* shall from time to time think proper and direct: Provided neverthe-leis, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render the Inhabitants and Occupiers of public Wharfs within the Town and Borough of Southwark liable to a greater Proportion of such Rates or Assessments than they now are liable to under the local Acts of Parliament relating to the Pavements and Improvements of the said Town and Borough of Southwark.

XXV. Provided always, and be it also enacted, That in any parochial or other District wherein by virtue of the local Act or Acts of Parliament One general Rate or Assessment only is directed to be made for the paving and repairing of the Pavements therein, as well as for other Objects and Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament, it may be lawful to and for the Persons authorized by such local Act or Acts to make such Rate or Assessment, to make and sign from time to time such separate Rates or Assessments for the other Objects and Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament, and to make and sign such other separate Rate or Assessment as may be necessary for the Purposes of paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, and for the Payment of any Interest or Annuities chargeable thereon, or for the Payment of any principal Monies due or which may become due in respect thereof under and by virtue of this Act, or shall and may make and sign from time to time general Rates or Assessments, as well for and towards the Expences of and concerning the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, for all and every or any of the other Objects and Purposes relating to the said parochial or other District mentioned in any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, as such Persons authorized by such local Act or Acts to make such Rates or Assessments shall from time to time deem most expedient; and that the Monies to be raised under and by virtue of such several separate Rates or Assessments, or general Rates or Assessments, when and as they shall be collected and received, or any Portions of such general Rates or Assessments, shall be either paid to One Treasurer or other Person or Persons, and be considered as One general Fund, to be applied to the Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament and in this Act, or shall be paid to different Treasurers or other Person or Persons, and be considered as separate and diflindl Funds, to be applied in Part for and towards the Expences of and concerning the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in each of such parochial or other Districts, and in other Part towards the other Objects and Purposes for which the several separate Rates and Assessments or general Rates or Assessments shall be made, as the Persons authorized to make such separate Rates or Assessments, or such general Rates or Assessments, from time to time at the making and signing thereof may determine and direct.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Persons authorized by any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act to make the Rates and Assessments for and towards the Expences of paving or keeping in

Repair

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

593

Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, shall refuse or neglect to make such Rates or Assessments from time to time as shall be necessary for paving and repairing the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, and for the Payment of any Interest or Annuities charged on the paving or other Rates of such parochial or other District, and for the Discharge of any Debts due and demandable in respect of the Pavements thereof, and for all the Purposes of this Act, after defraying the Charges and Expences attendant upon and of the other Objects and Purposes for which any such Rates or Assessments may from time to time be made, then and in every such case, and so often as it shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, and they are hereby required, so meet together, and having ascertained the Money necessary to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or such Number of them as, under and by virtue of their particular local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, shall be competent to act, or more of them, shall make and flgn such just and equal Pound Rates or Assessments Commissioners, as may from time to time be needful to produce and obtain such &c. may make Money necessary to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid; and that l3°und Rates, such Rates or Assessments shall be made and allowed andpublished in the manner before directed as to Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, where any Allowance or Publication shall be necessary under any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, and which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, being so made and signed, published and allowed, when such Signature, Publication or Allowance shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, and shall and may be collected and levied in like manner, as if the same had been made and signed by the Persons authorized to make and flgn such paving or other Rates or Assessments for such parochial or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament; any such Act or Acts, or any other Custom, Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Other Rates ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person or Persons rnay inspedfc-appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Personis hav^ ing the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in p^n^Rates* any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, under any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by the Persons authorized by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act, to make any Rates or Assessments for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within any such parochial or other District, either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes as hereinbefore is mentioned, at any time or times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Day not being a Sunday, or an Holiday appointed by Law, to peruse, examine and inspect the Book or Books of the Rates or Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, or for the Land or Assessed Taxes, or of any other public, parliamentary, parochial or local Tax affecting or 57 Geo. III. Q q charged

594

C'. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and Copies taken at the Expence of Co; nmil-oners, 5<c.

Rites to he produced on Notice.

Penalty 51.

Property in different Diilridts to be proportionally a defied.

charged upon or in proportion to the Messuages or Hereditaments inhabited, held or occupied by any Person or Persons within any such parochial or other District, in order that thereby the Names of such Persons liable to be assessed to such paving or other Rates or Assessments, and the Messuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Person or Persons should be charged to such Rates or Assessments, and the Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments, may be more correctly ascertained; and that such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed, at the Expence of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be employed or appointed may then take Copies or Extracts from such Books and Rates and Assessments at his or their Pleasure; and the Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, or other Persons having the Custody or Power over such Books and Rates and Assessments, shall and he and they is and are hereby directed to produce the Tame, and all and every of them, whenever thereunto required by the Clerk or Clerks or other Persons To appointed as aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, by a Notice signed by such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, given to or left for him or them, or any of them, at his or their or any of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Office or Offices, or last or usual Place or Places of Abode, at the Hour and on the Day and at the Dwelling House or Office mentioned in such Notice; and that if such Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons having for the time being the Custody or Power of such Book or Books, Assessment or Assessments, shall neglect so to do, then he or they shall forfeit for such Offence and Neglect and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Messuages or other Hereditaments shall be partly within Two or more parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or partly within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and partly without such Jurisdiction, then the Inhabitant, Holder or Occupier thereof, or other Person or Persons liable to be rated in respect thereof, shall be rated and assessed to the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pavements of each of such parochial or other Districts, jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, or by virtue of this Act, to the paving and other such Rates and Assessments, for each of such parochial or other Districts, for a proportionable Part of the Rent or Value thereof, according to the Quantity or Extent or Value of the Part of any such Messuages or other Hereditaments which may be in each of such parochial or other Districts; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioners or Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in each of such parochial or other Districts, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to ascertain, settle and determine in what Proportion of the Rent or Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments such Person or Persons shall be rated and assessed and shall pay towards the said paving and other Rates or Assessments of each of such parochial or other Districts respectively.

11 XXIX. And

A.D. 1817.

5r GEO. III. C. xxix.

595

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times after any Paving Rate or Assessment shall have been duly made, or made and allowed, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament for their parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, that the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to be included in such Rate or Assessment hath or have been omitted therein, or that the Name or Names of some Person or Persons hath or have been inserted in such Rate or Assessment as Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, for and in respect of which some other Person or Persons ought to have been rated or assessect, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of such Rate or Assessment may be necessary, then and in any or either of such cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, to add or insert, or cause to be added and inserted, to or in such Rate or Assessment, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so omitted, together with the Sum or Sums for which he or they ought to be rated and assessect, and the Amount of such Rate or Assessment in respect thereof; and also to insert and substitute, or cause to be inserted and substituted, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as may be the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, instead of and for the Name or Names of the Person or Persons incorrectly inserted in such Rate or Assessment as the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, and otherwise from time to time to alter and amend the said Rate and Assessment as they may from time to time deem necessary; and that every such Addition, Insertion, Alteration and Amendment, to or in any such Rate or Assessment, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and the Monies charged to any Person or Persons in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received and recovered in the same manner as if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inserted and made in such Rate or Assessment at the time of or previous to the original making or Signature or Allowance or Publication thereof, where any Signature or Allowance or Publication may be required by the said local Act or Acts.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District. within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to include in any Rate or Assessment for or towards the Costs and Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of and within such parochial or other District) either jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, to be hereafter made by virtue of the respective local Act or Acts relating to the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or to such Pavements and other Objects, or by virtue of this Act, and from time to time to rate and affels thereby any Cathedral, collegiate or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and all other public Buildings within each of such parochial or other Districts, which now is or hereafter may be built,

Q q 2 and

Commissioners, &c. may rectify Omissions or Errors in Paving Rates.

Public Buildings to be rated.

Cathedrals, Churches, Hospitals, f/c.

596

C'.xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Church Yards, Dead Walls, &c.

Sic.

By whom Rates paid for Carhe-dials, Scc.;

for Hospitals

for public Schools;

Seffior.s HouseSj &c.;

for Cemeteries, &c. not being parochial;

and all other Place or Places which by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any particular parochial or other District may be or are or is liable to be rated or assessed for those Purposes, or any of them, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot, Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every Street or public Place as shall or may lays before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Cathedral, collegiate, or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings or Place or Places respectively, or before, upon or to the Areas or Ground in front of or surrounding or belonging to the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Entrance to the same; and also to rate and assess thereby all and every the Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground within such parochial or other District, and which are not charged to such Rate or Assessment in respect of any Messuage or other Building whereunto they may be appurtenant, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot and Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every such Street or public Place as shall or may lays before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof; and that every of the said Rates or Assessments so made from time to time shall be paid for such Cathedral, collegiate or other Churches, parochial and other Chapels* Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings, Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, by the Persons following; (that is to say,) the Rates or Assessments of and for any Cathedral or collegiate Church, by the Dean and Chapter thereof; and of and for any other Churches or parochial Chapels, and Church Yards and parochial Cemeteries, by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens thereof respectively for the time being^and the Rates or Assessments of or for any Hospitals, by the Stewards or Housekeepers of such Hospitals for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of or for any public Schools, by the Masters or Mistresses of such public Schools for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of and for any Sessions Houses or Gaols* or Courts of Justice, by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for the City, Borough or County for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of and for any other public Buildings, by the House-keeper or other Keepers, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such other public Buildings as aforesaid for the time being; and that such Rates or Assessments of and for any other Cemeteries or Burial Places, not being parochial, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, or by the Persons who for the time being shall receive the Money which shall be paid for the Interment of the Dead therein; and such Rates or Assessments of and for any other Chapels or Meeting Houses and Places for Religious Worship (not being parochial) shall be paid by the Owmer or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof re?

spectively,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

59/

spectively, or any Person or Persons who shall receive or collect any

Money for the Seats or Pews therein, or any other Money arising

therefrom; and such Rates or Assessments of and for such dead DeadWalls, &c.;

Walls or void Spaces of Ground shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof

respectively, or the Person or Persons claiming to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any void Spaces of Ground,

when there shall be no actual Occupier or Occupiers thereof respee-

lively, as the Commissioners or Trufcees or other Persons having

the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Dif-

trid shall from time to time direct; and that all and every such Persons respectively shall be charged with and shall pay such Sums

of Money as shall from time to time be rated, assessed or imposed

on or in respect of or for the said Premises respectively; and the any other Place

Rates or Assessments for any other Place or Places which by any by loc^l

such local Act or Acts as aforesaid may be or is or are liable to Acts*

be rated and assessect, shall be paid by such Person or Persons,

Officer or Officers, as by the same local Act or Acts are directed to pay the Rates thereby authorized to be made and assessed; and How recovered

that the same Rates and Assessments may be recovered from all and antl applied.

every such Persons respectively, and be applied, in such manner as

other Rates and Assessme'nts made for and towards the Expences of

paving and repairing the Pavements, either separately or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, are directed to be recovered and

applied by any local Act or Acts relating to the Pavements and

other Objects and Purposes of such parochial or other Dilirid, or

in and by this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Rate or Assess- Rates of Present which at any time or times hereafter shall be made, laid or let ro Am" assessect, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts^abU b &C* of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pave- Landlords, ments of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, for or in respect of any Messuage or Hereditament which any AmbafTador, Envoy,

Resident Agent, or other public Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any such AmbafTador, Envoy, Resident Agent, or other public Miniller, or any other Person who may not be liable by Law to pay such Rate or Assessment, now doth or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Owner of every such Messuage or Hereditament, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof; and the same shall be recovered from such Landlord or Owner in such and the same manner as the other Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, may be recovered from any other Owner or Occupier of any Messuages or Hereditaments either by virtue of this Act or of any such local Act or Acts.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuages Empty Houses, or Hereditaments, at the time of making any of the Rates or A ssess- how rateable.

Q q 3 ments

C. xxix.

5r GEO. III.

A.D. 1817'.

By whom such Rates paid.

Rates may be recovered for fmail Houses let at fmail Rems, or to weekly or monthly Lodg-eirs.

ments directed to be made under or by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclu-lively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons entitled by any local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act to make such Rates or Assessments for such parochial or other District, to rate and assess such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments during the time only that such Messuages or Hereditaments shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied $ and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rates or Assessments, shall become empty, untenanted or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively for and during so long time as the same shall continue empty* untenanted and unoccupied $ and then and in any of the said cases, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, or by the first or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof respectively; and in which last case every such Tenant or Occupier shall and may and is hereby authorized to deduct and detain the same out of his or their Rent or Rents respectively, and the Owner or Owners of such Messuages or Hereditaments is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment out of his or their respective Rent or Rents, and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or their Rent or Rents as shall be the Amount of any such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon so paid by him or them in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, during such Period as the same shall have been empty, untenanted and unoccupied, previous to his or their Tenancy or Occupation thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That as to and for any Messuages or other Hereditaments in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, the yearly Value of any of which Messuages or Hereditaments shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable and to be collected at any shorter Periods than quarterly, the Owner or Owners of all and every such Messuages or Hereditaments (for the Purposes of this Act, but not as to any Settlement which may be gained by any Person or Persons in respect of his, her or their renting or occupying such Messuages or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof,) shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier and Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments, and may be rated and assessed for and in respect of the same accordingly; and that the Person or Persons letting such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or claiming oi: receiving the Rents and Proceeds thereof, may be from time to time deemed and considered to be the Owner and Owners thereof; and that all and every such Owner and Owners from time to time and at all times hereafter may be rated and assessed to and by any Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in

57°. GEO. III. C. xxix.

599

the parochial or other District within which such Messuages or Hereditaments may be situate, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any-.local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, as the Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, unless the Person or Persons making such Rates or Assessments by virtue of any such local Act or Acts, or of this Act, shall from time to time prefer and determine to rate the actual Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively; and the Person or Persons so rated, whether the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers, shall from time to time pay or cause to be paid all and every such Rates or Assessments in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Rates or Assessments may be levied by the Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons respectively, wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons inhabiting the same Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, and may be otherwise sued for or recovered in like manner in which such Rates or Assessments may be levied and recovered from any other Persons by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Owner or Owners, nor any Person or Persons, shall be charged with or liable to pay for and in respect of any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him or them for or on account of any Agreement made by such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons, with the actual Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments, that such Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons would pay the several Rates or Assessments theretofore chargeable upon the Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively: And provided also, that if the Owner or Owners of any Messuage or Hereditament, the yearly Value whereof shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and which shall be let to One Tenant only at a Rent which shall become payable and be collected only by quarterly Payments, shall be rated and assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Messuage or Hereditament, then upon Request in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any such Owner or Owners, and a true and full Statement in Writing of the Name of the actual Tenant or Occupier of every such Messuage or Hereditament, and such other Information relating thereto as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District respectively shall from time to time direct and require, and to their Satisfaction, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons aforesaid shall compound with any such Owner or Owners of such Messuage or Hereditament for Payment of the said Rates or Assessments for and in respect of every such Messuage or Hereditament, at such reduced yearly Rental as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being more than Three Fourth Parts nor less than One Half of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of each of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or shall remit to such Owner or Owners such Part of such Rate or Assessment as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than One Fourth Part nor more than One Half of such Rates or Assessments, to which such Owner or Owners shall be

Q q 4? rated

By whom such Rates paid.

Proviso respecting Agreement for paving Rate between Owner and Occupier.

Proviso respe<SK ing Messuages not exceeding 2cl. annual Value let to One Tenant, payable quarterly, as to compounding for Rate.

600

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Commissioners may compound for Rates with Owners of Messuages, &c. herein described.

Proviso for Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Rates not paid may be levied.

Proceedings.

rated or aftefted in respect of each of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively; and also, that it may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, if they shall think proper, to compound with any Owner or Owners of any Messuages or other Hereditaments in their parochial or other Dif-tridl, which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or which shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable or to be collected at any shorter Periods than quarterly, for Payment of the said Rates or Afteft-ments for or in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments at such reduced Yearly Rental as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than Two Third Parts of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or to remit to the Owner or Owners of any such Messuages or Tenements respectively lait mentioned such Part of such Rate or Assessment as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, not being more than One Third Part of the Rates or Assessments to which such Owner or Owners shall be rated or assessed in respect of each of such last mentioned Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or otherwise to collect from such Owner or Owners the whole of such Rates or Assessments, as they shall think proper; and also that any such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, may vary, discontinue or renew either or any of such Compositions, as such Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons shall from time to time deem expedient.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-.thing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed or taken to impeach, alter or make void any Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant in any Lease now granted, or hereafter to be granted pursuant to any Contract or Agreement now existing; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Messuage or Hereditament, situate in any Street or Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for and in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessed to any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, and either exclu-fively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act; of any other Person or Persons so rated and assessect, or liable to be rated and assessect, or to pay the Money so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him or them respectively, or which he or they may be liable to pay by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and all Arrears now or hereafter due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates or Assessment or Assessments, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under his Hand, or in his Name under the Hand of any Person authorized by him to sign the same, on Complaint made by the

Com-

A.D. 181.7.

57° GEO. III. C. xxixo

601

Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One or more of them, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, to summon all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused Summons, and neglected as aforesaid, to appear, at a time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before such Justice, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the same City, Borough or County who shall be then and there present; and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to collect and receive such Rates or Asseif-ments, or for any of the Constables, Headboroughs or Beadles of any such parochial or other District, or for any other Person, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premises for or in respect whereof the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments mentioned in such Summons, shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Cause to such Justice or Justices as may be then and there present, that he or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, then and in every such case every such Person or Persons shall pay the Rate or Rates in respectc of which such Summons was issued, and also the Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all cases where Costs of Sum-such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any of them, shall ons* not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful for the Justice who shall have signea and issued such Summons or Summonses, or who shall have directed such Summons and Summonses to be signed and issued as aforesaid, or for any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, Borough or County, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Person who shall have served the same, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or directing any such Person- appointed to collect such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, or any Constable, Headborough or Beadle of the said parochial or other Districts, or any other Constable, Headborough or other Person, to levy Rate and Cod? such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears of Summons thereof, and the said Costs and Charges of the Summons (if the same shall not have been paid before), and the Costs and Charges 1 1 of every such Warrant, and also the Costs, Charges and Expences of executing the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the said parochial or other District, or elsewhere, and of which said Goods and Chattels he or they may either continue in Possession on the said Premises where the same shall be distrained, or they may be removed therefrom, as the Person or Persons making the Distress shall think proper; and if within Five Days next after any Distress shall be made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Summons, and the said Charges for the said Warrant, and the Charges and

Expences

ft no Goods ioutid to be ciillrained, or Distress obstru 61 ed, or no suffi-ctent Distress,

Proceedings.

Constables, &c. to assist in fuclt Levy.

Penalty jl.

Cxxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Expences of executing the same Warrant, and of making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall not be paid, then the said Person appointed to collect as aforesaid, or the Con-itable, Headborough, Beadle or other Person authorized by the said Warrant, shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold either on the Premises where the same shall be distrained, or elsewhere, or such Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Costs, Charges and Expences of the said Summons, Warrant, Distress, Removal or keeping Possession of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of appraising and felling the same, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him or them; and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be distrained by virtue of any such Warrant, or in case any such Goods and Chattels, shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed, so that such Person appointed to collect the said Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, or such Constable, Headborough, Beadle or other Person, cannot distrain the same, or in case, after such Distress and Appraisement or Sale as hereinbefore are directed, the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay such Rates or Assessments, with the Arrears due thereon, and all the said Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any of such cases, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other District shall be situate, it shall be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Apprehension of any such Person or Persons making Default in the Payment of such Rates or Assessments and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Costs, Charges and Expences, or any of them, and to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other District shall be situate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unless such Rates or Assessments and all Arrears thereof, and all such Costs, Charges and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied by any such Distress or Distresses or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Distress is authorized to be made by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the paving of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, or by this Act, if any Constable or Headborough of any Parish or Place within which such parochial or other District shall be situate, or of any other Parish or Place where such Distress is to be made, upon being required by any Person appointed to collect any Rates or Assessments, or by any other Person (who shall have obtained a Warrant for such Distress from any Justice of the Peace), shall refuse or neglect to aid or assist in making a Distress and Sale pursuant to such Warrant, every such Constable or Headborough shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which

57° GEO. HE

603

C. XXLX.

which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Form of War Distress for Nonpayment of any Rates or Assessments, authorized rant of DiflicJ and directed to be issued by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

[hfirt'tbt City, 1 T0 1116 C°1Iea°r3 of the PavinS

Borough or County.] J Rates [or, of the paving and lighting, and watching and cleansing Rates, as the case may be'] for the Parish or Diilridl of [describe the Diflriff according to the local Act], and to all Constables, Headboroughs, Beadles and Peace Officers for the [City, Borough or County aforesaid, as the case may be]: Whereas the under mentioned Person or Persons, if more than One] now or late an Owner or Occupier [or Owners or Occupiers, if more than

One] of a Messuage [or of Messuages, if more than One Person be in-

eluded in the Warrant] or other Hereditaments within the said [insert the Name of the D if riff] was and is, or were and are [as the 6 case may be] rated and afleffect, or is or are [as the case may be]

' liable to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money set at and ( opposite to his or their respective Name or Names [as the case may

be] hereunder written, by virtue of a Rate or Rates duly made

under and by virtue of a certain Act for Acts] passed in the

Year or Years, as the case may be] of the Reign of

i [set forth the Title of the Aff or Jiffs under which the Rais

or Rates were made]: And Whereas the said Person or Persons has or have [as the case may be] refused or neglected to pay the

Sum or the several Sums of Money set at and opposite his or their

Name or Names [as the case may be] hereunder written, due from him or them by virtue of such Rate or Rates [as the case may be]9 6 and the said several Sum and Sums of Money is or are [as the case

may be] Hill remaining due and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to ( me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [City,

Borough or County, as the case may be]; and the said several Person or Persons [as the case may be] having been summoned to appear

to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to me the said Justice 6 upon Oath, and neither he or they nor either of them [as the case

may be] having ffiewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum or Sums ' of Money [as the case may be] should not be paid by him or them s respectively [as the case may be], as also appeareth to me upon c Oath: Now these are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will

and require you or either of you forthwith to levy the said Sum or several Sums of Money [^j the case may be] due from the said ' Person or Persons [as the case may be] and hereunder set at and opposite to his or their Names respectively [as the case may be],

' and also the Two several Sums of [inserting the Amount of the Cojls ' and Charges for the Summons and for the Warrant, or for either of c them, as the case may be] for the Costs and Charges of the said ( Summons and of these Presents, by Distress and Sale of his or their respective Goods and Chattels [tfj the case may be]y such Goods 6 and Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the same are fold, rendering to him or them respectively [as the case

may be] the Overplus (if any) on Demand, and the reasonable

Charges of such Difirels, and of any Removal or keeping Pof-

' session

601

a xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

6

t

session, Appraisement or Sale thereof, being lirft deduced; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to me, to the end such Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain: And I do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables, Headboroughs and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said [City, Borough or County, as the case may be-\ to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Premises. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

A.B. -

C. D.

c E* F. (the Landlord for divided Premises)

G.H.

j. d.

Rates may also be recovered by Actions as herein mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act (if they shall think it expedient), in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or of any Person or Persons appointed by them to collect or receive any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made or to be made for or towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedfs or Purposes, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or special Action on the Case, or other Action or Actions, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or to proceed in any Court of Requests, or other Court whatever (for the Recovery of Debts above or under Five Pounds) within the Jurisdiction of which the said Messuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments shall be made, or wherein the Person or Persons or either of them against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings may be brought shall reside, and against any Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons deceased, or against any Messengers or Assignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers, or against any other Person or Persons liable to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of or by virtue of any Rates or Assessments made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, for the Recovery of the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons dying or becoming Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effects may be seized or taken in Execution or otherwise, or from any other Person or Persons liable to pay the same by virtue or in respect of any such Rates or Assessments; and that in any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Complainant to declare or aliege, that the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

605

ings may be brought is indebted to such Plaintiff or Complainant in fuGh Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due by or on account of any such Rates or Assessments; and that it shall only be necessary for such Plaintiff or Complainant to produce any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to prove that the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought, or who shall be deceased, or who hath become Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effects have been taken in Execution or otherwise, was or were the Person or Persons mentioned in such Rate or Assessment, or liable to the Payment thereof by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, to entitle such Plaintiff or Complainant to recover the whole of the Sum or Sums of Money for the Recovery whereof such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought against such Person or Persons, or against such Executors or Administrators, Messengers or Assignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers; and that if such Plaintiff or Complainant by any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall recover such Sum or Sums of Money so intended to be recovered thereby, or any Part thereof, he shall have the full Colts of such Actions or other Proceedings, to be levied in the manner in which all other Monies and Colts recovered in any Court or Courts wherein such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought, may be levied and obtained; and that in any such Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates or Assessments which shall be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons who shall be charged in such Rates or Assessments with the Payment of any Sum or Shuts of Money for or in respect of any Messuages or Hereditaments within any such parochial or other District, and who shall depart this Life without paying the same, out of the first Effects of the Person so dying, which shall come to their or any of their Hands, in preference to all other Debts (except Debts to the King's Majesty), and shall also be paid in like manner by any Messengers and Assignees acting under any Commission of Bankrupt, and every Sheriff or other Officer acting under any Writ or Writs iffaed out of any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Court or Courts, and who shall seize or take Possession of any Goods, Chattels or Effects of any Person or Persons so rated or assessect, and frqpi whom any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any such Rates or Assessments shall then be due and unpaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein the Messuages or Hereditaments shall be situate for and in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments shall be due, and for any Person appointed by them to collect and receive such Rates or Assessments, to compel the Payment of ail and every such Sum and Sums of Money by such Executors or Administrators,

or

Necessary Proof for Plajntift

Rates may be recovered from the Estates of Persons who die or become insolvent.

in preference of all other Debts, except to the Crown.

GOG

C. xxix.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

Prov'ifo as to charging Sheriff", &c. "

Rates may be recovered from Persons remov-

by Warrant from Justice,

without Fee.

or Messengers or Assignees, Sheriffs or other Officers, by Distress or by Action at Law, or by such other Means as are appointed by this Act for the Recovery of Rates or Assessments when unpaid by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and by such other legal Ways and Means as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to charge such Messenger or Assignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, with the Payment of any of such Rates or Assessments for more than One Year then last past, or of any larger Sum or Sums of Money than the Value of the Goods, Chattels or Effects which any such Messenger or Assignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, shall seize, or of which Possession shall be taken by him or them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons who hath or have been rated and assessed to any Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, shall quit his or their Messuages or Hereditaments within the said parochial or other District, for or in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessect, before he or they shall have paid any such Rates or Assessments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons appointed to collect or receive any such Rates or Assessments by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One of them, (Oath being made by him or them that he or they doth or do suspect that such Person or Persons hath or have removed his, her or their Goods and Chattels,) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other District shall be situate, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant, (and in case such Person or Persons shall have removed into any other County, City or Place, such Warrant being first backed and countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, and which Warrant every such Magistrate is hereby empowered and directed, without Fee or Reward, to back or countersign,) to distrain and appraise and fell the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who shall have so quitted the said Messuages or Hereditaments before he or they shall have paid such Rates or Assessments, for the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons by virtue of such Rates or Assessments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and for all Costs, Charges and Expences occasioned by such Warrant, Distress, Appraisement, and Sale, in any County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, in such and the same manner as if the same Person or Persons had continued in the parochial or other District wherein the Messuages or Hereditaments shall be situate in respect whereof any such Rates or Assessments shall have been made.

Rates collected

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels

d^id* d"TeneS °^ eack anc^ eveiT Person and Persons renting and occupying any fe-

niems to be*2" Parate Part Apartment of or in any Messuage or Hereditament,

and

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

A.D. 1817.

607

and the Goods and Chattels in every Messuage or Hereditament let ready furnished, although the Person or Persons occupying such Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, be not rated or assessed under or by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall be liable to be diilrained and sold by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which he is by this Act authorized and directed to grant, for any Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts, for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, which have accrued or become due during the term of the Occupancy by any such Person or Persons of any such Messuage or Plereditament, or separate Part or Apartment thereof, and for the Costs and Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of any Appraisement, Possession, Removal or Sale of such Goods and Chattels, or attendant thereupon; but no such Person or Persons shall be required or compellable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Person or Persons to the Owner or Owners of such Messuage or Hereditament, or other Person or Persons rated or assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the Messuages or Hereditaments so entirely or partly occupied by such Person or Persons; and that each and every Person or Persons who shall pay any such Rates or Assessments as ought to have been paid by the Owner or Owners of any such Messuage or Hereditament, or by his or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whose Goods or Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable or to become due and payable to his or their Landlord or Landlords so letting out the same Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, to him or them, (unless there shall be Tome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant); and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment or Payments shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Person or Persons for so much Money as he or they, shall have so paid, or which shall have been so levied on his or their Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act, and shall be repaid by such Owner or Owners, or be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such Messuages or Hereditaments, in part or full Payment, as the case may be, for the Rent due or to become due to him or them from such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for or in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, or separate Parts or Apartments thereof respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, to prevent Disputes touching the Designation of Owner or Landlord or Proprietor of any Messuages or Hereditaments intended to be made liable to be rated and assessed by any Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Act or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament That the Person or Persons legally authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and

collecting,

repaid by Landlords

and may be deducted from Rent, unless Agreement to the contrary.

Persons receiving Rents to be deemed Owners,

608

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Uriel's real Owner declare^.

Rates may be apportioned between incoming and outgoing Tenants.

Proportion may be ascertained by Commissioners, h c.

collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the Rents of any Messuages or Hereditaments from the Tenants or actual Occupiers thereof, or any of them, may be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuages or Hereditaments, and shall be liable to be rated and assessed, and shall be compellable to pay the Rates and Assessments, in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, in all cases in which either Owners or Landlords or Proprietors are made liable to be rated and assessed and to the Payment of Rates and Assessments by virtue of this Act, or of any such local Act or Acts, unless the real Owner or Owners, or Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall be declared by himself or themselves to be the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or shall be distinctly and certainly known to their Satisfaction by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Oiftrict.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons now or hereafter occupying any Messuage or other Hereditament in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, fh?dl remove out of or from or quit the Possession of any such Messuage or Hereditament, before any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for and towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, charged on or in respect of any such Messuage or Hereditament by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, shall be paid and discharged; or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any such Messuage or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Person shall have so removed, before any such Rate or Assessment shall have been paid and discharged, or which, at the time of rating or assessing the " same, shall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every such case, the Person so removing out of, and the Person entering into the Possession or Occupation of any such Messuage or Hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of every such Rate or Assessment, in proportion to the time that such Person or Persons possessed or occupied the same respectively, in like manner as if the Person so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such Messuage or Hereditament, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation thereof had been rated or assessed in respect thereof in any such Rate or Assessment at the time of the making thereof; and that the Amount of such Proportion (m case any Disputes should arise) may be ascertained and determined by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District in which such Messuage or other Hereditament may be situate; and that according to such Determination such Rates and Assessments shall be paid by each of such Persons in such Proportion, and may be levied and recovered from each of such Persons accordingly; but that the same shall be without Prejudice to any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained as to the Messuages or Hereditaments being empty and unoccupied, and as to the Rates or Assessments remaining charged on the Messuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof they

12 shall

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. x six.

shall be made, or to any other of the Provisions hereinbefore contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time, and at all (times hereafter, for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint or Request of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Act or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the same, to mitigate, reduce or lessen the same, as they in their Discretion shall think just and reasonable, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof for any Cause which they shall deem sufficient, or for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Person or Persons liable to pay the same, so complaining or requelling the Remission or Reduction of any such Rates or Assessments.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may from time to time appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers for receiving all the Monies to be raised and collected for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements in such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Purposes or Objects, and either by virtue of this Act or of the respective local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Dif-Cridls, not being also the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District; and from time to time, as they shall think necessary, may remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, and appoint such other Person or Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think proper; and such Treasurer and Treasurers is and are hereby directed to keep distinct Accounts of the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, by whom he or they shall have been appointed, and from time to time to pay and discharge all such Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall order and direct him or them thereout to pay; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall account, whenever thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of the said Accounts respectively shall remain in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been so 57 Geo. III. R r appointed,

609

Rates may be remitted by Commissioners, &c. on account of Poverty, &c.

Commissioners, &c. to appoint a Treasurer.

Duty of such Treasurer in respect of keeping Accounts, See.

610

C. % % IK.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

appointed, shall by Writing under their Hands authorize to receive Re Ming, &c. to same, whenever he or they shall be required so to do; and if render Account, any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall at any time or times refuse or neglect to render any such Accounts, and make such Payments as aforesaid, then and in every such case every and any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be liable to such Proceedings, and upon Penalty. Conviction shall be liable to such Penalties and Punishments, as by

this Act, or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall have been so appointed, are imposed or directed to be imposed on Collectors or other Officers neglecting or refusing to ac-T'b'eTr/a' count at tifnes and in the manner thereby directed; and that -cmj> c 1 a any Person or Persons being so appointed a Treasurer as aforesaid, although he shall be a Commissioner or Trustee, or one of the Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, shall not in consequence of such Appointment become disqualified or incapable to act as a Commissioner or Trustee, or in the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other District; any Thing in this Act or in any local Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall have appointed or shall hereafter appoint any Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall and they are hereby required to take good and sufficient Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, by the Bond or Bonds of Two or more sufficient Persons in a sufficient Penalty, and such further Security as they may deem necessary and shall approve, conditioned that such Treasurer or Treasurers shall duly account for and pay all Monies received by him or them pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or of the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall be or shall have been so appointed.

Colletflois and

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or oilier Officers Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of pointed by Com- any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, missioners, &c. may at any Meeting or Meetings appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and may appoint One or more Collectors of the Rates or Assessments, and an Inspector or Inspectors of the Pavement within their parochial or other District, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act or of the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the paving of such parochial or other District, exclusively or jointly with any other Matters or Objects, as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, and may from time to time remove them or any of them, and appoint other Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think it necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, may and they are hereby and Salaries, kc. empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities and Allowances to such Clerk or Clerks, Collectors, Inspectors and other 12 Officers,

luier.

Treasurers, if appointed, to give Security.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

O. xxix.

6*11

Officers, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements by this Act directed to be appointed, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, or of such local Act or Acts, as they shall think reasonable; and also shall take good and sufficient Security and take Secu- from every such Collectors, and may take such Security for the nt* due Execution of their respective Offices by such other Officers and Persons as aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and that in case of the Appointment of any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or A/Teflments, then all and every Person and Persons who is or are liable to pay any such Rates or Asse/Tments, or any Sums of Money authorized to be raised and demanded by this Act, or by such local Act or Acts of Parliament, shall pay the same to such Collectors, or to the Persons who shall from time to time be so appointed to collect and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act, or of such local Act or Acts of Parliament; and that each and every of such Collectors or other Person or Per- Collectors to fons, weekly and every Week, or as often as they or any of them account to Com-/hall be thereunto required by the Commissioners or Trustees, or ra^onerj> &c* other Persons having the Control' of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, by whom he or they shall have been so appointed, shall render and deliver unto them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to their Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Persons whom they shall direct, distinct, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, /igned with their own Hands respectively, of all Monies from Week to Week and from time to time collected and received by them, and each and every of them respectively, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, by whom he or they shall have been so appointed; and that all other Officers and Persons so to be The like as to appointed as aforesaid, under their Hands, and at such time and ot^er Officerc. times and in such manner as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall have been appointed may direct,

/hall deliver to them, or to any other Persons whom they shall direct, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers or Persons respectively received by virtue of such Appointment, or for or on account of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall severally have been appointed, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments; and that the said Col- Collectors to pay lectors of the said Rates and A/Te/Tments shall weekly and every tolrealurers, Week pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said ^c' Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct, all Sum or Sums of Money by each of them respectively collected and received during the preceding Week, or oftener, if the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall so direct and require; and that aH other The like as to Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall from time otker Officer?, to time pay to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements shall direct, all Monies which may be and remain in their or any of their respective Hands; and

Rr 2 that

612

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Collectors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Collector or other Officer not endering Accounts, &c.

Commissioners, &c. may bring Action,

or may apply to Justice of the Peace.

Proceedings

thereon.

Collector proved to have unduly detained Money, &c.

Proceedings for the tavne, and Colle by Distress.

that they the said Collectors for the time being-, and each and every of them, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall have been appointed, shall verify the Truth of all Accounts and Statements so rendered and delivered by them from time to time respectively upon Oath, and which Oath any and every Commissioner or Trustee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, is hereby empowered to administer; and that if any Col-le&or or other Officer or Person appointed as aforesaid, shall not render and deliver, signed with his own Hand, all and every such Statements and Accounts, or shall not verify the same upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to all Monies received and paid by him, or shall not pay any Monies in his Hands to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or to such other Persons as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed shall direct, or shall not deliver to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, or to any other Person or Persons whom they shall direct, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act or of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, within Twenty four Hours after he shall have been required so to do by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom any such Collector or other Officer or Person shall have been appointed, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against any such Collector, Officer or other Person so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Collector, Officer or Person respectively, or against the Person or Persons having become Securities for him; or such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person whom they shall direct for that Purpose, may complain of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough, County or Place wherein such Collector or other Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside; and such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Collector or other Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting, and against whom such Complaint shall be made, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected and received by any such Collector or other Officer or Person shall be in the Hands of such Collector or other Officer or Person, or that he shall not have rendered and delivered such true and perfect Account, signed as aforesaid, or shall have detained any Receipts or Vouchers, Books, Papers or Writings as aforesaid, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and all Coils, Charges and Expences incurred and to be incurred thereabouts, to be

levied

57° GEO. III.

C\ xxix.

613

levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and other Effects

of such Collector or other Officer or Person respectively; and if no If no Distrefe,

Goods or Chattels of such Collector or other Officer or Person can ^t^nyC°m*

be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the mlc e

said Coils, Charges and Expences of distraining, removing and felling

the same Goods, Chattels and other Effects, and all other Coils,

Charges and Expences to be incurred thereabouts, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, or wherein such Offender shall reside, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have rendered and delivered, signed as aforesaid, such true and perfect Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered as aforesaid all Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid all Monies received by him for and in respect of the said Rates and Assessments, or otherwise as aforesaid, remaining in his Hands, or shall have compounded for the Amount of such Monies due from him with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, to their Satisfaction, and shall have paid the Amount of such Composition in such manner as they shall approve (and which Competition they are hereby empowered to make and accept), or until he shall have delivered up all Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid in his Custody or Power, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed; and that in any such Action or Actions or other Pro- What Proof ne-ceedings against any such Collector, or against any Person or Persons cefTary by Com-who shall have become Securities for him, it shall not be necessary jnissioners, &c. in for the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he uc^'ons* shall have been appointed to prove the Receipts by him of every Sum of Money included in any Rate or Assessment which he shall have been appointed to collect, with the Amount whereof and with which they shall seek to charge him or them, and to recover from him or them by any such Action or Actions, or other Proceedings, but that it shall only be necessary for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to prove the total Amount of the several Rates or Assessments which he shall have been appointed to collect, and that the full Amount thereof shall be deemed to be due from him, and from any Person or Persons having become Securities for him, and shall be recovered from and be paid by him or them accordingly, except only such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall prove, by a credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to have been paid by him the said Collector to such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, or to some other Person or Persons directed to receive the same by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, or that he hath not received and collected, from the Person or Persons charged with the Payment of any Sums of Money by the said Rates and Assessments which he shall have been appointed to collect, any of the Sums of Money charged by such Rates and Assessments; Provided always, that such Length of Collector or other Officer or Person so committed as aforesaid shall Imprisonment, not be detained and kept in Prison by virtue of such Warrant or for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months: Pro- Commissioners, vided also, that no Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons &c. net liable for

R r 3 having

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Default of Treasurer,

Collectors unduly retaining Monies,

Penalty aol.

Proceedings against Officers or Composition not to discharge their Securities.

Exception.

Officers accepting any unauthorized Fee,

having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, by whom any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer shall be appointed, shall be liable for or by reason of any Default of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer so appointed; and that any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may be received by any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer, and which shall not be recovered from him or them, shall and may be made up by any future Rates or Assessments, to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the Rates or Assessments so appointed as aforesaid shall at any time retain and have in his Hand any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, collected and received by him by virtue of such Appointment for the Space of Seven Days, without paying over the same to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, by whom he shall have been appointed, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall have from time to time appointed or directed to receive the same, then every such Collector shall for every such Retention or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act*

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prosecution or Commitment, Action or other Proceedings, of or against any Treasurer, Collector or other Officer appointed as aforesaid, by any Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act as aforesaid, nor any Composition accepted by them from him, shall in any manner acquit, release or discharge any Surety or Security that shall or may have been taken by or given to or for the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, for the due and faithful Execution of the Duties of any such Appointment as Treasurer, Collector or other Officer, or for the due and punctual Payment and Application of the Monies received by him in pursuance or by virtue of such Appointment, or for the proper Observance and Performance by him of the Duties enjoined on any such Treasurer, Collector or other Officer by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, nor shall acquit, release or discharge in any manner any Person or Persons who shall have become bound for him or on his Behalf to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, except only, that in case any Composition shall be accepted as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall be discharged from the Payment of so much Money as shall be received by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by virtue thereof.

E. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed to be a Treasurer, Surveyor, or Inspector of the Pavements,

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

615

ments, or Collector, or if any Person who shall be otherwise employed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, in or for the Execution thereof, shall exact, take or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances and Rewards as are directed by this Act, or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating, to such parochial or other District, or as shall be from time to time appointed, allowed and approved of by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of such Office or Appointment, or shall in any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by or with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, then he shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and if he shall in any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by or with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, he shall also be disqualified and for ever incapable of continuing to serve or of being employed by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, as well as forfeit and pay the Penalty aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or other Persons, appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Collection and Receipt of the Monies to be collected and received by virtue of any Rates and Assessments which may be made for or towards the Expences of paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all Monies received by him or them for or in respect of any such Rates or Assessments, or for or on account of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, then and in every such case, if such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall die, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Representative or Representatives, or other Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or if he or they shall become Bankrupt, then the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Estate and Effects, pay to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from

R r 4 time

Penalty aol.

Representatives of Officers deceased or becoming Bankrupt, to account,

616

in preference to all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Executor, &c. on Action, may plead such Payment.

Executor, &c. not paying Monies due from his Telia for, &c. Commissioners, &c. may sue.

Colls.

C. xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

time to time direct to receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been collected or received by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and which shall be due and owing from him or them to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid by whom he or they shall have been so appointed, at the time of his or their Death, or at the time of the suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate and Effects of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall so die or become Bankrupt, will extend to pay, and in preference to any other Debt or Debts (except Debts due to the King's Majesty); and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or of any Person or Persons directed by them from time to time to receive the same, shall be a good Discharge or good Discharges for the Money therein expressed to be received; and that every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of any such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever save and except only Debts due to the King's Majesty as aforesaid); and in case of Nonpayment of all and every such Sum or Sums of Money by any Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person dying or becoming Bankrupt had been appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other District, by whom any such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person had been appointed, to commence one or more Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same Sum or Sums of Money; and that in any such Action or Actions it shall only be necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to prove the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money due from such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person, without proving what Monies, Estates or Effects of the Person or Persons so dying or becoming Bankrupt shall have been or might have been received by any of such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees; and that they shall by such Action or Actions recover the full Amount of all the Sum or Sums of Money due from such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person at the time of his Decease, or of the issuing of the said Commission of Bankrupt, with the full Costs of such Action, to be taxed as between an Attorney and

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxlx. gi7

his Client, and in which Action no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners, to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having ^c- may pave the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from paving Mate/)-time to time to pave and keep in Repair, or eause to be paved and als being vested kept in Repair, or to enter into any Contract or Contrails for paving in them, and keeping in Repair, all or any Pait or Parts of the Carriageways or Footways of all or any of the Streets or public Places in their respective parochial or other DifiriCls within the Jurisdiction of this Act; and also that all and every the Pavements, Stones, Polls and other Materials which now are or which may be hereafter placed in the Foot or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, which shall have been or may from time to time be paved or repaired by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavement in each of their respective parochial or other Districts, and all Things and Implements which shall be then laid down, or may be purchased, provided or made use of by them therein or thereabouts, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the respective Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within each of their respective parochial or other Districts, and shall and may be laid and Hated as their Property, How such Pro-according to the general Name or Title by which they are dif- Perty hated m tinguished in the respective local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Districts, under and by virtue fam^Mate-whereof they are or shall be from time to time appointed to a<5l, and rials, not according to their individual Name or Names, in any Indictment,

Information, or other Proceeding which may be preferred or hied, or taken against any Person or Persons for removing or taking away,

Healing, detaining, spoiling, injuring or dellroying the same Pavements or Materials, or Implements or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful Commissioners, for them from time to time to order all or any of the Stones and other &c- uie Materials then being in any such Streets or public Places, as they ^tones> &c-may from time to time pave or repair, to be made use of in or towards the paving or repairing the Foot or Carriageway Pavements in any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Difiri&s; and also may from time to time purchase, or rent upon Lease or otherwise, any Premises which they may think necessary, for the Purpose of laying or depositing or otherwise disposing of all or any of their Stones or other Materials or Implements, for and until such time as they shall use the same; and also that they may and the same from time to time sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pave- may be ditposed ments or other Materials or Implements possessed by or belonging to of diem»them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, they applying the Monies arising from time to time by any and every such Sales in aid of the Monies raised and to be raised within their respective parochial or other Districts for or towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements therein; and also and Commit shall and may eause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought sioners, &c. may into any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or ceirar^MaVc other Districts, and shall and may purchase any such Gravel, Stones Jfalsand employ

and Workmen,

618

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and raise or lower Streets, Sec.

and deposit Materials ns may be necessary;

and (lop up Streets during Reparations; and may alter the Channels therein

and may raise or lower Pipes, &c.

Pavements net to be removed without Perm if* fion of Comm if-(loners, &c.

and other Materials, Horses, Carts and Tools, and employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and other Persons, and issue such Money on thoie Accounts, and do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, may from time to time judge necessary or expedient for or towards or about the paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, or incidental thereto; and also that they or their respective Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or any Inspectors or other Officers by them appointed for the time being, shall and may from time to time cause the Ground of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts to be raised or lowered in such manner as they or he shall think necessary; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being, during the time of the paving or of the repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, or of any Grates, Drains or Sewers therein, shall and may order the necessary Materials to be placed or deposited in any such Street or public Place, or in any adjoining Street or public Place; and may flop up the Way through or along any such Street or public Place, or any adjoining Street or public Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, for as long time as they shall from time to time think necessary; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being, shall or may from time to time direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think proper, and to direct and cause the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers (at their Charges) to be removed and replaced in such manner and at such Place and Places as they shall think proper; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being, may (at such their Charges) raise, fink or otherwise alter, or cause or direct to be raised, sunk or altered, any Pipes or Plugs, or the Situation or Position of any Pipes or Plugs of any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any of the Leaden or other Pipes which may be laid into or from any of the Mains or Pipes of any of the said Companies, when and as often and in such Places as they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being shall deem expedient, for the Purpose of the better paving or repairing or keeping in Repair the Pavement of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, but with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said Companies, as in the Judgment of the said Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers, the Circumstances will permit.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall take or break up, or cause to be taken of broken up, any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or make any Alteration therein, under any Pretence whatsoever, without the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, first obtained and certified under the

Hand

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix*

6\D

Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Consent shall be granted, shall be subject and liable to all n|1cJ subject to the Provisions in this Act contained in respect to the Water and Gas ion> 0 Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, as to the Reparation of the Pavements, and as to the Removal of all Rubbish and other Obstructions, and as to the Provision of Bars, Watchmen and other Securities, and to all Penalties by this Act imposed on the Breach of any of such Provisions respectively, and to such other Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners or Tru flees, or other Persons consenting as aforesaid, shall flipulate and direct, and shall obey and perform the same and every of them; and that in case any Person or Persons (except Water and Gas Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, and who are to conform to the particular Provisions of this Act relating to them,) shall take or break up, or Removing Pave-cause to be taken or broken up, or shall wilfully damage any Pave- ments, &c. with-ment in any Streets or public Places, or shall make or cause to be out Content, made any Alteration therein, without such Consent as aforesaid, certified as aforesaid, then any and every such Person or Persons in every such case so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit Pennky. and pay a Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds; and also for each and every Square Foot of such Pavement exceeding One Foot so taken or broken up or altered, or so wilfully damaged, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Commissioners Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of may furvev the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diflridls Pavements> within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may from time to time and at all times hereafter inspect and survey all Streets or public Places, or other Parts of their respective parochial or other Districts, as may not have been theretofore paved or repaired by virtue of or under the respective local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other Difiridl, and whether the same shall have been or shall not have been theretofore paved by any other Person or Persons than such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, by virtue of such local Act or Atfts of Parliament; and that as to any such Part or Parts as may have been already paved, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, that such Parts being then paved are not in sufficient Repair, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being, to cause a Notice or Notices under the Hand of a Surveyor and give Notice of the Pavements in such parochial or other District to be given to to Owner or orjfor the Owner or Owners, or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all Occupierto or any Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments adjoining ^ve' to such Parts of the said Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Districts theretofore paved as are not in sufficient Repair, and by such Notice or Notices to require such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to pave or to repave, or to repair, (as such Commissioners or Trustees or other

Persons

620

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

a.d. i8ir.

Owner thereupon not paving

Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavement as aforesaid, shall think expedient,) the Foot and Carriage Pavements abutting on the Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by him or them, across the Street or public Place wherein or on one Side whereof any such Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments may be situated; and that such Notice or Notices may be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, or any or either of them, at his or their or any or either of their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, or at or on or affixed against the Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments, or force of them, or Tome Part thereof, belonging to or occupied by such Owners or Occupiers respectively, or at or on some Premises adjoining thereto; and that in case any such Owner or Occupier, within Seven Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as Uc' aforesaid, shall not well and effectually pave or repave or repair all such

Foot and Carriageway Pavement pursuant thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their said Surveyor for the time being, then it shall and may Commissioners, be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Per-atcExpence°of6 ^ons as afore^a^j or for their Surveyor, to direct such Pavement to Owner or Occu- paved or repaved or repaired with such Materials and in such pier. manner as they may direct, and by such Person or Persons as they or

he may from time to time appoint, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, who shall not have paved or repaved or repaired such Foot or Carriageway Pavements to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or of the Surveyor of Pavements as aforesaid; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiflriCl, and shall be certified to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, who shall have neglected to pave or repave or repair according to such Notice as aforesaid, by a Note signed by such Surveyor of the Pavements by whom such Charges and Expences shall have been ascertained, and shall be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, at the Place or Places and in the manner in which Notices to pave or to repave or to repair are hereinbefore directed to be given or left; and that the full Amount of such Charges and Expences, or such Portion thereof as the said Surveyor Owner or Occu- may aPPort'on to each of such Owners or Occupiers in respect of the pier, to be paid several Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments as aforesaid

Amount, on being ascertained and certified to

by him.'belonging to or occupied by each of them respectively, and mentioned in such Notice or Certificate of the said Surveyor, shall be paid by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, to or for whom such Notice or Certificate was so given or left as aforesaid, within Three Days after such Notice or Certificate shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, and whose Receipt or Receipts shall be a good and sufficient Discharge, or good and sufficient Discharges, for the Monies in such Receipt or Receipts acknowledged to have been by him or them received; and that in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not pay the same accordingly within the time hereinbefore appointed. Penalty, then and in every such case he or they shall forfeit and shall pay to

the

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III. C. Xxix.

621

the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, Doubly the Amount of the Charges and Expences so certified as aforesaid as the Amount to be paid by him or them; and that the same and every How recovered. Part thereof shall and may be recovered in such and the same manner, and by such and the same Proceedings, or any of them, as are by this Act authorized and directed for the Recovery of any Monies from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Persons, for the Costs and Charges of repairing any Pavements by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act; but In what case of that in case the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons Commissioners having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dif-trid as aforesaid, shall determine that it will be more expedient that be deemed with-any Streets or public Places or other Parts within their respective in their particu-parochial or other District, being paved and not in sufficient Repair, lar Jurisdiction; or that any other Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Districts, being the ntofore paved, should be repaired or should be paved and thereafter repaired and kept in Repair, by them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, then and in any and every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to repair or to pave the same or any Part thereof (as they may think expedient), and thereupon that all and every such Streets or public Places or Parts of their respective parochial or other Districts so paved or repaired, shall thenceforth be and be deemed to be within the particular Jurisdiction of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons; and that the and Owners, &c. Owners or the Occupiers of all Messuages and Hereditaments therein may be lated: may be rated and assessed to the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes; and that all Provisions in this Act and in any local Act or Acts of Parliament contained, relating to any Parts of any such parochial or other District as are already paved, shall apply and extend to all such other Parts of the said parochial or other District as may be so paved or repaired under and by virtue of this Act, or of the Provisions hereinbefore contained; and also, that in case there shall be in any Parish within the Jurisdic- and may include don of this Act any Streets or public Places which shall not have other Streets and been included in the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners or Trustees or as

other Persons having a Control of the Pavements therein, by virtue herein mention-of or under any local Act or Acts of Parliament, and which are not ed, within their included in the Jurisdiction of any other Paving Commissioners or Jurisdiction; Trustees or other Persons, by Prescription or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, and it shall appear to any such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to be expedient that such Streets or public Places should be included within their Jurisdiction, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons so to order and determine; and that thereafter all and every such Streets and public Places shall be from thenceforth included within the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons and

<wd Powers of Act, 8cc. to extend thereto.

Proviso where more than One iri One lAirish under J ui ifdi6tion of ft; l>arate Commissioners.

Commissioners of Sewers to make and repair Grates.

Netle6?ingfo to do on Notice,

Commissioners of Pavement,

Sen. may proceed.

Cxx57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and that all Powers and Authorities of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and of their Surveyors, Officers and Servants, and also the Powers and Provisions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, and of this Act, shall apply and exend thereto, in such and the same manner as if such Streets or public Places, or any of them, had by virtue of the said local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise thentofore formed Part of the parochial District within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and by such local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise had been originally and thentofore included therein, any thing in any such local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act or otherwise to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; but provided that there shall be more than One District, and under the jurisdiction of separate Paving Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, in any one Parish, then the Powers hereinbefore given to the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, shall and may be used and exercised only by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular District, within any such Parish, whose District shall be contiguous or nearest to any such Streets or public Places, or in case they shall refuse to include the same and to order and determine as aforesaid, then by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular District within any such Parish as doth contain the greatest Number of the Messuages and Hereditaments then being within any such Parish as aforesaid, and may and shall not be used or exercised or claimed by any other Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons whom foe ver.

LV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as at any time or times hereafter there shall be Occasion to make any new or additional Grate, or to repair or alter any Grate now placed or hereafter to be placed over any public Sewer in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, the same shall be made, repaired, or altered by and at the Expence of the Commissioners of Sewers acting for such parochial or other District, or such Part thereof wherein any such Street or public Place may be situate, and shall be laid down in such Places and in such manner and form as shall be directed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, or by their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall also from time to time and at all times repair, cleanse and empty any and every public Sewer within their Jurisdiction, whenever they shall be required so to do by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District wherein any such public Sewer may be situated, at the like Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers'*; and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall refuse of neglect to execute any of such Works for the Space of Two Days next after any such Notice in Writing given or left as is hereinbefore directed as to any other Works to be executed by them, then and in any and every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Grate or Grates

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

623

Grates to be made, repaired, altered and laid down, and all or any such public Sewers to be repaired, cleansed and emptied, by such Person or Persons and in such manner as they may direct: , employ and appoint, and to their Satisfaction; and the Coils and Charges thereof shall be certified to the said Commissioners of Sewers, and shall be reimbursed or paid by them in the manner and within the time hereinbefore directed as to the Charges of relaying Pavements, and shall and may be obtained and recovered of them in like manner, and by such and the same Proceedings, or any of them, as are hereinbefore directed or authorized as to the Recovery of any Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter may make or cause to be made any new public Sewers or Drains to communicate with the said Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts or any of them, and with any other public Sewer under the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Sewers, and also any new Grate or Grates over such new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, but conformably to the Regulations of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being; and the Expences attending the making any such new Sewers or Drains or Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies raised and to be raised for and towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavements within their respective parochial or other Dictrict, or out of such Monies as they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may contribute thereto; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to contribute out of any Monies which they shall receive and possess by virtue of any Rates or Assessments, such Sum or Sums as they may think proper towards the Expences of or incidental to the making of any such new Sewers or Drains, or new Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by any other Persons; and that the same Sewers or Drains or Grates, when made and completed, shall be under the Care, Management and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, in like manner as other public and common Drains or Sewers; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall thereafter cause such Sewers or Drains from time to time to be repaired, cleansed and emptied, and such Grate or Grates to be from time to time repaired, replaced or altered in the manner directed by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by this Act, as to any former or other Sewers or Drains or Grates; and the same Sewers or Drains or Grates shall be subject to all the Provisions relating to any Sewers or Drains or Grates contained in any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, or in this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever from time to time or at any time hereafter it shall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jjurisdiction of this Act, or to any Two or more of them, or to

their

and may recover the Charges.

New Sewers and Grates may be also made and repaired by Commissioners &c. of Pavement.

How Expences paid.

To be under

Commissioners of Sewers.

Private Drains also to be cleansed,

624

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

on Notice by Commissioners, Sec. to Owner or Occupier of House, &c.

Owner, &c. neglecting,

their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, or any of theta, that any private Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourse running beneath or above or communicating with any other Drain or Sewer beneath any of the Pavements of any of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District doth require to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of such Pavements as aforesaid, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid for the time being, or any of them, to give or causeto be given a Notice or Notices under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, to or for the.Owner or Owners or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all or any Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments to whom such Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourse shall belong, or by whom the same shall be used or enjoyed, or from whose Messuages, Houses, Lands or Hereditaments any such Drain, Sewer, Gutter or Watercourse shall proceed or flow, or wherewith the same or any such Ceffpool shall communicate, well and sufficiently to repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse the same and every Part thereof; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within Three Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall not well and effectually repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse any such Drain or Sewer and every Part thereof, pursuant to such Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, orjfor their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to direct such Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourse to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direct, and by such Person or Persons as they or he may from time to time appoint; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts, and also of taking up, relaying or repairing any Pavements in any Streets or public Places which may for those Purposes or any of them be taken up, shall be ascertained and determined by such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements as aforesaid, and shall be certified by him or them to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and shall be paid by him or them and may recover within the same time, and may be recovered with the same Penalties in case of Nonpayment, in such and the same manner and by such and the same Proceedings, as are by this Act authorized and directed for the ascertaining and determining, certifying and recovering, any Monies to become due and to be recovered from any Persons whomsoever, for the Costs and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District. within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may cause Posts of Wood, Stone or Iron to be set up near or adjoining the Foot Pavements,

in

Com miffi Oners, &c. may proceed

Charees.

Ports may be erected in Streets, 8cc. for the Preservation of the Pavemems and Prevention of Accidents.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

625

in such Part or Parts of all or any of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Dillridls, as they shall judge necessary; and also shall and may set up Polls and Rails near or adjoining to any vacant Ground, or other exposed or dangerous Place, abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, in case they shall think proper so to do, for preventing Accidents or Casualties; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or carelessly knock down, break, damage or injure such Polls or Rails, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds; and shall also make a full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted) to such Commissioners, Trustees or other Person or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Damage so done; and that such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be recovered in the same manner in which Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, Trustees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and who by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto are also authorized and empowered to direct the cleansing of the Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, at any time or times hereafter to agree by private Contract or by public Auction, or by Tender or Proposal if they shall think fit, for any time not exceeding Three Years, with any Person or Persons to be the Scavenger or Scavengers* Raker or Rakers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets and public Places within the said parochial or other District i and' such Person or Persons, on a certain Day in every Week, and oftener when thereunto required by any Three or more of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or by the Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any Inspector or other Officer or Person- appointed by them or any of them, shall bring or cause to be brought convenient Carriages into all such Streets or public Places where such Carriages can be drawn near or pass unto, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, Clapper or otherwise, by a loud Noise or Cry, shall give Notice to the Inhabitants, and shall give the like Notice in every other Place into which the said Carriages cannot pass and abide; and such Scavengers, Rakeis or Cleanfers shall take and carry away or cause to be taken and carried away from the respective Houses and Premises of the Inhabitants or Occupiers, their Soil, Allies, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt and Filth, and all which the said Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers shall carry away or cause to be carried away at their own Coils and Charges, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum of Forty Shillings for every NegletSl or Default, (except nevertheless all such Rubbish, Earth, Dull and Filth as shall be occasioned by building, repairing, amending or altering any House or Houses or any other Building or Buildings, or by cleansing or repairing any Drain or Sewer); and also that the said Rubbish, Earth, Dull or Soil thereby occasioned, and every Part thereof, within the Space of 57 Geo. III. S s Twelve

Damaging, 5: c. the same,

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, &c. may appoint Scavengers.

Duty^ of such Scavenger in removing Dirt, &c.

Penalty 40s.

<526

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Owner or Occupier of Houses, &c. not removing Dirt, fcc. Penalty jh

[Penalty.]

Power to Commissioners to appoint. different Persons to collect and to poffel's the Dirt, &c.

Persons, other than inch Scavengers, removing, fee. Dirt, &c.

Proceedings.

Twelve Hours after the same or any Part thereof shall be first left or placed in any Street or public Place, shall be carried away by or at the Charge of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings, or by the Commissioners of such Sewers respectively as aforesaid; and that such Owners or Occupiers or Commissioners neglecting to remove the same and every Part thereof, or to cause the same to be removed, within the time above limited, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Neglect to remove the same within the time above limited 5 and also, that if any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit such other Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt or Filth to be taken away by the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers, or other Persons appointed by and agreeing with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, then every such Person or Persons so offending shall in like manner forfeit and shall pay the like Sum of Five Pounds; Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, either to contract and agree with and to appoint the same Person or Persons or a different Person and other Persons to be the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers within their parochial or other District of the Streets or public Places therein, and to be the Persons to collect and carry away and possess and retain the Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt and Filth from the Houses and Premises within their respective parochial or other Districts, as they shall deem most expedient; but that the Right and Benefit of such Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt and Filth, shall belong exclusively to the Person or Persons who shall be from time to time by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed to collect and possess the same; any thing in any local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons other than the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers of any parochial or other District, or the other Person or Persons employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to collect and retain the Dull, Cinders or Ashes within their respective parochial or other District, or those employed by and under such Person or Persons, shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive or carry away any Dust, Cinders or Ashes, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other District may be situate, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, and also for any Person or Persons who shall fee any such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying the same away; and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them before such Justice of the Peace, or any Justice of the Peace for the said City-, Borough or County; and such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall

appear

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

627

appear to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to col-left or gather, or of asking for, receiving or carrying away any Dust, Cinders or Ashes from any House or other Premises within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, not being the Person or Persons employed or appointed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other District, to collect and possess the Dust, Cinders and Ashes from the Houses and Premises therein, or not acting with or under his or their Authority, he, she or they shall respectively, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds; and for the Third asid every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and One Moiety of which respective Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety shall be paid and shall belong to the Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall have been so seized, to be appraised and fold; and after deducting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of such Distress, Appraisement and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Horses and other Things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts or other Things which shall be appraised and fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender or Offenders shall not upon the Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts and other Things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other District shall be situate, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties, and Charges and Expences, and every Part thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied*

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect for the Space of Seven Days to bring or cause to be brought Carts or proper Carriages into all the Streets or public Places as aforesaid where such Carriages can pass, and to give Notice in manner aforesaid to the Inhabitants of their coming, for the Purpose of taking away such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders and Ashes, and to give the like Notice in every Place into which the said Carts and Carriages cannot pass, or to take away and remove all such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth or Cinders or Ashes from

S s 2 the

First Offence. Second Offence. Subsequent Offence. Penalty.

If Penalty net paid,

Proceedings.

On the Neglect of Scavengers to remove Dull for Seven Days, the Dull may be removed by any other Person,

on Notice to Scavenger.

Dirt not to be swept into any Common Sewer.

Penalty 5l.

Footways to be swept by Occupier daily during Frost and Snow.

Except Sunday.

[Penalty.]

the Houses and Premises of all and every the Inhabitants of such Streets or public Places* or from such Part or Parts of such Houses or Premises where such Daft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders and Allies shall be deposited, that then (after Twenty four Hours* Notice given to such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, or left for him or them at his or their usual House or Houses, Yard or other Premises, requiring him or them to bring or cause to be brought Carts or Carriages to take away their Dull, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Ashes, and to take away and remove the same from their respective Houses and Premises, } it shall and may be lawful for such of the Inhabitants of such of the said Streets or public Places, who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, to give away or to fell their Dust, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Ashes to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such Person or Persons who shall take and carry away the said Dust, Dirt* Filth, Cinders or Ashes, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing upon every such Neglect; any thing in this Act or in any local Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person, shall sweep, rake or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Ashes, Filth or Soil, found or being in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any other Slop, Mud* Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Ashes, Filth, Soil or other Articles or Things, over any Grate or Grates placed above or communicating with any common or public Drain or Sewer, or into any common or public Drain or Sewer; and that any and every Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall so offend, shall for every such Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House, Tenement, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Coach House, Stable, Chapel, Meeting House or other public or private Building in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, during the Continuance of Frost* or after or during the Fall of Snow, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, shall once in every Day before the Hour of Tea of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, except Sunday, sweep. and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Footway all along the front Side or back Walls of their respective Houses, Tenements, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, Coach Houses, Stables, Chapels, Meeting Houses or other public or private Building; and that every Occupier who shall neglect lb to do shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered and applied in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are by this Act herein after directed to be recovered and applied; and also that the Owner or Owners of any House or other Tenement within the Jurisdiction of this Act, which may be let furnished, or in divided Apartments, shall be deemed and taken, for the Purpose of this Provision, to be

629

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

the Occupier or Occupiers of every such House or other Tenement respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter, beat or dull any Carpet or Carpets; or shall drive any Carriage or Carriages, for the Purpose of breaking, exercising or, trying Horses; or shall ride any Horse, Mare or Gelding for the Purpose of exercising, airing, trying, shewing or exposing such Horse, Mare or Gelding for Sale, (otherwise than by passing through such Streets or other public Places); or shall throw, cast or lay^, or shall cause, permit or suffer to be thrown, call or laid, or to remain, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood or other Filth or Annoyance, or any matter or thing, in or upon the Carriageway or Footway Pavement of any such Street or other public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or shall kill, daughter, scald, dress or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or other Cattle, in or so near to any of the said Streets or other public Places, as that any Blood or Filth shall run or flow upon or over, or be on any or either of such Pavements; or shall run, roll, drive, draw or place, or cause, permit or suffer to be run, rolied, driven, drawn or placed, upon any of the said Footway Pavements of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow or Truck, or any Hogshead, Calk or Barrel; or shall wilfully ride, lead or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule or other Beast uporTany of the Footway Pavements aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other District may be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Summons requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such time and place as shall be in such Summons specified; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders by the Authority of this Act, and by such Authority, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatsoever, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other District may be situate; and upon the Party or Parties appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned, or being brought before such Justice when so seized or otherwise, he the said Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid upon his or their own Consession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds for each and

S s 3 every

Beating Carpets, breaking Horses, driving Barrows, and Carriages on Pavement?, and throwing Filth, &c.

Proceedings.

Penalty,

C, xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Piling, See. Carriages, Stalls, Bailee: s. Wares and otaer Mar-ters herein mentioned on the Footway , Nrc.;

Exceptions;

or placing Timber, Bricks, &c. Exception;

cr hanging out Meat, &c.;

or Garden PotSj See

Exception;

-Ja<-

/'V

and not removing the same on being required

every Offence; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other District wherein any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall set or place, or cause or permit to be set or placed by any Servant or Person employed by him, her or them, or other wise, any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Shew Board, on Hinges or otherwise, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Casses or Goods of any Kind whatsoever; or shall hoop, place, wash or cleanse, or cause to be hooped, washed or cleansed, any Pipe, Barrel, Caffe or Vessel, in or upon or over any Part of the Carriage or Footways in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or pother District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or shall set out, lay or place, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be set out, laid or placed, any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage upon any of the said Carriage Ways, (except such Coaches, Chariots and Chairs as have been or shall be hereafter licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, Chariots and Chairs, and which stand for Hire according to the Statutes and Bye Laws made for those Purposes,) and also except for the necessary time of loading or unloading any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, or taking up or setting down any Fare, or waiting for Passengers when actually hired, or harneffing or unharnefiing the Horses from any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage^ or if any Person or Persons shall set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in or upon or over any of the said Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or other Materials or Things for building whatsoever, (unless the same shall be inclosed, as in and by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act, or some of them, may be directed,) or any other matters or things whatsoever; or shall hang out or expose, or cause or permit to be hung out or exposed, any Meat or Offal, or other matter or thing whatsoever, from any House or Houses or other Buildings or Premises belonging to or occupied by him, her or them, over any Part of either of such Pavements, or over any Area or Areas of any Houses or other Buildings or Premises, or shall place or put out, or cause or permit to be placed or put out,

any Garden or other Pots, (except the same shall be perfectly secured from falling, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor of: he Pavements for the time being,) or any other matter or thing, from and on the Outside of the Front or any other Part of any House or Houses, or other Buildings or Premises, over or next unto any such Street; or public Place; and shall not immediately remove all or any such matters or things, being the reunto required by any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or by any other Person or Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons hav-

A.D. 1817.

67° GEO. III. C. xxix.

631

ing the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District

and whether the same shall have been so set or placed, exposed or put

out by himself, herself or themselves personally, or by any of his,

her or their Servants, or by any Person or Persons employed by

him, her or them, and shall not continue and keep the same so

removed; or if any Person or Persons having, in pursuance of any or, havingre-

such Requisition or Requisitions as aforesaid, removed or caused movfd' replacing

to be removed any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, tJle lame>&c*

Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain,

Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Carriage, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things, shall at any time thereafter again set, lay or place, expose or put out, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be again set, laid or placed, exposed or put out, the same or any of them, or any other Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block,

Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Timber,

Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things whatsoever, save and except as aforesaid,) in or upon or Exception, over any of the Carriage or Footways of or next unto any Streets or public Places within the same parochial or other District as aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful Proceedings, to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the said parochial or other Diflri£t may be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to issue a Summons requiring the Person or Persons accused of such Offence, or the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Materials, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons,

Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so set or placed, exposed or set out, or the Mailer or Mailers of the Person or Persons, by whose Servants, or by the Person or Persons employed by whom, such Offence shall have been committed, to appear before him, or before any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, Borough or County, as shall be then or there present, at such time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified, and then and there to proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, upon his, her or their own Consession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she or they who shall be so convicted, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Materials, Meat* Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows,

Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so set or placed, exposed or set out as aforesaid, and the Master or Masters, Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for First Offence, the Second and every subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Subfeqnenc Five Pounds; and that such respective Penalties shall be paid to the Offence, Treasurer or Treasurers of the Commissioners, Trustees or other>enalty' Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public

Ss 4 Places^/j

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

And Stalls, &c. may be seized.

Peiilliable Seizures, how disposed of.

Other Seizures, how disposed of.

If Goods (not perishable) not claimed within Five Days, Proceedings.

A.D. 1817.

Places in the parochial or other District wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint; ^and also, that not only shall such Penalties become payable and to be recovered, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for that Purpose, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Casks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Afs or A{fes7"Mule or Mules, if any shall be, thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gear and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber or other Materials, or other matters or things aforesaid, or any of them; and in case any of the Wares, Goods and Merchandizes so seized shall be perishable, or shall be Articles of Food, then the same shall be immediately forfeited, and such Person or Persons who shall seize the same shall deliver the same or cause the same to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, or to the Master of any Workhouse situate in the said parochial or other District, or of the Parish whereunto such District shall belong; and the same shall and may be given and distributed by him or them unto one or among any one or more of the poor Inhabitants of the said parochial or other Distritfl, or of such Workhouse, to and for his or their Benefit; but otherwise such Person or Persons shall cause the Stall Board, Basket, Cask, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, Horse or Horses, Asses or Mules, or any Materials and Things so seized, to be removed to any Place appointed for the Reception thereof in any such parochial or other Diflri<fl, if any such there be, and otherwise to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient, giving parole or written Notice of such Place or Places whereunto the same shall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver or other Person having any Interest in the Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, SlecTge, Truck or other Carriage, Horses, Asses, Mules, Materials or other things so seized or removed, if he, she or they shall be then and there present; and the same shall be there kept and detained until such Owner, Driver or other Person interested therein as aforesaid shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the fame^Jand of keeping such Horse or Horses, Asses or Mules, if any; and in case the Goods, Carriage, Horses, Materials or other things so removed (not being perishable or Articles of Food) shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges be paid, within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then and in every such caie it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavements, or any other Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to order the same to be appraised and fold; and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, if he or they shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, after deducting the said Penalty, and such Costs, Charges and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraising

and

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

C* xxix.

6.13

and felling the same, as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Surveyor of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diflridfc, shall ascertain and allow.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by this Act. or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it may be directed, required and provided, that any Person or Persons setting or placing any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Pipe, Barrel, Calk or Vessel, Goods, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or any other materials, matters or things, or causing or procuring the same or any of them to be set or placed upon any of the Carriage or Foot Pavements or otherwise, contrary to the Regulations herein or in any such local Act or Acts contained, in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or that any Person or Persons driving or placing any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage in or upon or over any of the Foot Pavements in any Streets or Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or causing or procuring the same to be so driven or placed, shall have Notice and be required to remove the same previous to such Person or Persons being subject or liable to the Penalty or Penalties imposed by virtue of such local Act or Acts or of this Act, and to the Seizure, Forfeiture, Appropriation, Appraisement or Sale of any such Goods, Materials, matters and other things, Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, in manner directed by such local Act or Acts or by this Act, then if any Person or Persons shall set or place any Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or shall set, place or drive any Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages upon or over the said Pavements, or any of them, or any Part thereof, at any time or times subsequent to his, her or their having received such Notice, or having been required to remove the same, or any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or any other Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages from off the said Pavements or any of them, or shall cause or permit the same or any of them to be set or placed or driven by his or their Servants, or by any Person or Persons employed by him or them; in any and every such case it shall not be necessary or requisite that any Person or Persons, seeing such Offence or Offences committed again, should require the Removal of the said Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages; but the same or any of them, being so again set, placed or driven in, upon or over the said Pavements or any of them, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Directions of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, shall and may be seized, forfeited, removed, applied, detained, appraised and fold, in manner herein provided as to any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trunks or other Carriages, which shall not be removed on a Requisition or Notice being given so to do as hereinbefore provided; and the Person or Persons so committing the said Offence or Offences, and the Owner or Owners

Placing Nuisances and Annoyances,

after Notice,

fresh Notice not necessary

but Goods, &c. may be seized, and Offenders liable.

684-

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

cing Styes and other NuifuiKes

not removed on Complaint,

Penalty id. and Com jr.il-sioners, &: c. may proceed by Indictment.

P'jinhlunenC.

of the Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so placed or driven, and the Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty or Penalties, Forfeitures, Proceedings, Charges and Punishments, as if such Person or Persons offending had neglected or refused to remove the said Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, when required so to do, under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act; and although the said Notices or Requisitions shall not have been repeated or again given to the Person or Persons committing or directing or permitting such Offence or Offences, or any of them; any thing in this Act or in any local or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hog Stye, Slaughter House, Horse-boiling Establishment, or any other matter which in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dillrid within the Jurisdiction of this Act, is a Nuisance to the other Inhabitants of such parochial or other District or any of them, at any time or times hereafter ttiali be in any of the Streets, Lanes or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the said Streets and public Places, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Inhabitant, and after due Investigation of such Complaint, by Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any of their Surveyor or Surveyors, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, to order that every or any such Hog Stye, Necessary House, Slaughter House or other matter, being a Nuisance, shall be forthwith remedied or removed; and if the same shall not be remedied or removed within Seven Days after such Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises wherein such Nuisance or Nuisances shall be situate, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or on the said Premises, then every such Owner or Occupier so neglecting to remedy or remove such Nuisance. pursuant to such Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Neglect and Disobedience; and also it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to indict or cause to be indicted such Person or Persons so neglecting or disobeying any such Notice, at the then next or at any future General or Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District may be lltuate, for such Nuisance, or for such Disobedience and Offence; and such Person or Persons being found guilty thereof, such Nuisance or Nuisances shall be removed, taken down and abated according to Law with regard to public or common Nuisances, or may be subject to such Punishment for a Misdemeanour, as the Justices assembled

12 at

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

6 35

at a General, Quarter or Adjourned Sessions for the said City, Borough or County, may direct.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter, shall breed, feed, or keep any kind or Species of Swine in any House, Building, Yard, Garden or other Hereditaments situate and being in or within Forty Yards of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this A Cl, nor shall suffer any Kind or Species of Swine belonging to him or them to stray or go about in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act:; and that any Person or Persons who shall so offend shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall also forfeit the said Swine and every of them unto the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or any other Officer or Person or Persons directed and appointed by them, and for any Constables and Headboroughs, at all times hereafter all such Swine to seize, take, drive and carry away, and fell for the best Price that can be reasonably had; and the Money thereby produced, after deducting all the Costs and Charges of and incidental to such Seizure, Removal and Sale, to pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall from time to time direct and appoint.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall fist, fereen or flack, or cause to be fisted, fereened or flacked, any Lime in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall cause the same to be so done, without the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, and without also previously erecting an Hoard or Inclosure, with the Licence of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District firit obtained, as di reded in any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or in this Act, and which Hoard or Inclosure shall inclose all such Lime when and as it shall be fisted, fereened or flacked; then he, she or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any House, Building or Premises in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, having any Iron or Wooden Rails or Bars over the Areas or Openings to any Kitchens or Cellars or other Part or Parts of his or their House, Building or Premises, beneath the Surface of the Foot Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, or having any

Swine not to be kept, nor to wander in the Streets.

Penalty 40s. and Swine forfeited.

Such Swine l'eized, bow disposed of.

Slaeking, 8zc. Ume in the Streets without Consent of Commissioners, and erecting Inclosures, &c.

[Penalty.]

Entrances to Cellars and Coal Holes, Bars over Areas, See. to be covered and secured.

Owner or Occu-|.: er leaving the 'ame open; 8cc.

Ev'ceptiot:

or. not repairing, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, See. may cause such Coal Holes, Sec. to be secured.

Charges to be paid by the Owner or Occupier;

sad, if rot paid,

C. xxix. 57° Geo. III. A.D. 181 f,

any Doorway or Entrance into the Basement or Cellar Story thereof, shall not either keep the same, or the Walls of such Kitchens or Cellars, in Efficient and good Repair, or safely and securely guard and constantly keep the same securely guarded by a Rail or Rails, or cover the same over with a strong Flap or Trap Door, according to the nature of the case, and to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District for the time being, or of any Inspectors or other Officers or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as. aforesaid, or some of them, and so as to prevent Danger to Persons passing and repassing; or if any such Occupier or Occupiers do or shall leave open, or not Efficiently and substantially cover and keep' covered and secured, to such Satisfaction as aforesaid, any Coal or other Hole, Funnel, Trap Door or Cellar Flap, belonging to or connected with his, her or their respective Houses, Buildings or Premises save and except only during such reasonable time as any Coals, Wood, Calles or other things shall be putting down or taking out of any such Vault or Basement Story, or during such reasonable time as the Flap, Trap Door or Covering thereof shall be altering^ repairing or amending); or if such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not repair, and from time to time keep in good and substantial Repair, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspectors or other Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, all and every or any such Iron or Wooden Rails, Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors and other Covering; then and in every such case the Person or Persons neglecting so to do shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and that in any or either of such cases of Neglect, it shall and may be also lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, and without the Authority of any public or general Meeting, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or for their Inspectors, or for any other Person by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause all and every such Doorways, Entrances, Holes and Funnels to be well and securely covered over and guarded, and all Iron or Wooden Rails, or Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors or Coverings, to be well and substantially repaired or renewed by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, and with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direct; and that all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the same be ascertained and certified by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, and shall be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Perform or Persons so neglecting to repair and make good the same in manner aforesaid; and that if such Costs, Charges and Expences shall not be so paid by such Person or Persons to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to such other Person or Persons as he or they shall or may appoint to receive the same, within Twenty four Hours after an Account

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix*

count of the Costs, Charges and Expences so ascertained and certified shall have been given to or left for such Person or Persons at or on such Houses, Buildings or Premises, then double the Amount of the Sum so certified shall become due and payable from such Person or Persons, over and above the other Penalties hereby imposed, and shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the same manner in which any other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered, or in which any Monies may be recovered from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any other Persons, for or on account of any Cofbs and Charges of relaying any Pavements, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons shall dig or make or cause to be dug or made any Hole, or leave or cause to be left any Hole before any vacant Ground, or before or behind or on the Side of any House or other Tenement or Building erected or being erected or about to be erected in and adjoining to any Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming in any parochial or other District within the TurifdiClion of this Act, for the Purposes of making any Vault or Vaults, or the Foundation or Foundations to such Houses or other Buildings, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, and shall not forthwith inclose the same in a good and sufficient manner, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or shall keep up or cause to be kept up and continued any such Inclosure for any time which shall be longer than shall be absolutely necessary in the Opinion of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, or shall not, when thereunto required by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or either of them, well and sufficiently fence or inclose any such Hole or Holes, or Area or Areas, or Space or 'Spaces, opened or left open, and intended for an Area or Areas, Foundation or Foundations, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, in the Front of or behind or on the side of such vacant Ground, House or other Tenement or Building, in and adjoining to any such Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming, within Six Hours after he or they shall be required so to do by the said Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavement, and in the manner and with such Materials as he or they shall direct, and to his or their Satisfaction, then and in every or any such case he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, and for every such Refusal or Neglect, any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, from time to time and at all times hereafter, to regulate or remove, in such manner as he or they shall from, time to time judge proper, all Signs,

6oJ

double rue Amount certified to be pa'd above the Penalties.

Holes made for Vaults, to be ind.ofecL

[Penalty.]

Signs and other Encroachments and Projection? to be regulated by Commissioners, &c, of Pavements

638

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and Owner or Occupier to oltcr or remove the same according to the Judgment of the Comtml-sioners, &c. on Notice.

Neglecting so to do,

Sign Irons, Sign Posts and other Polls, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts* Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows projecting over any Part of either of the Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets or public Places, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Rails, Pales, Palisades* Porches, Bulks, Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Reservoirs for Water, and all other or any fixed or moveable Projections, on Hinges or otherwise, from the Fronts or Sides of any House or Houses or other Buildings, and now affixed or belonging to, or which shall be hereafter affixed or belonging to any House or Houses or other Buildings in or abutting upon or contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses or other Buildings, and which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, then do or may obstruct the Circulation of Light and Air, or are inconvenient or incommodious to any Passengers along the Carriage or Footways of any of the said Streets or public Places of or within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part thereof, or to any Inhabitants of such parochial or other District*and that the same, and all the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthouses of or belonging to such Houses or Buildings respectively, and all Water Pipes or Trunks affixed or belonging or to be affixed or belonging to any such Houses or other Buildings respectively, shall from time to time and at all times be regulated* removed, placed and altered by the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or other Buildings respectively, as in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall be necessary or desirable for the public Convenience; and that in case any Person or Persons owning or occupying any House or Houses or other Buildings in or abutting upon or^contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, on being required by any Notice signed by any Three or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District within which the said House or Houses or Buildings may be situate, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, given to or left for such Person or Persons, or any of them, in or at or upon the said House or Houses or other Buildings or any of them, or at his or their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, shall not from time to time and at all times immediately either entirely remove or alter, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, any Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Posts and other Posts, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Sun Blinds, Awnings, Rails, Pales, Palisades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glaftes and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Reservoirs, or other Things then fattened or affixed, or belonging to or connected with any such House or Houses or other Buildings, and all other fixed or moveable Projections.

1

57° GEO. III. C. xxiw

Go 9

jections or things projecting from the Fronts or Sides of, or added or appendant or belonging to any House or Houses or other Buildings, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Houses or other Buildings, over any Footways or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part, or any of them, and the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthouses, Waterpipes or Trunks, affixed or to be affixed, or belonging or to belong unto or connected with any of such Houses or Buildings respectively; then and in every such case any and every such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting immediately so to do, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall for every such Offence, and upon every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay a Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds, and which may be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Slop, Soap Lees, fons at any time or times hereafter shall drive or cause to be driven &c. to be carried any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Am- onJy m covered moniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth or Channel Mire or Dirt therein, Carls-through or in any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, without such Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards, called Flaffi Boards, to prevent the same from flopping or spilling in any of the said Streets or other public Places; or shall at any time or times hereafter drive or cause to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil or Ammoniacal Liquor therein, through or in any of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock Hours of driving in the Evening of any Day; or shall fill any such covered Cart or and manner of other Carriage, so as to turn over or call any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Mire or Channel Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the said Streets or other public Places; it shall Offender seized. and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and apprehend and to assist in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant or Authority, to convey him or them before some Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate; and which Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence and determine upon such Offence; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be re- pena]tv coyered in the same manner as other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that in case the in whst calc Person or Persons so offending cannot be apprehended, then the Owner, &c. to Owner or Owners of such Cart or Carriage in which such Soap Pay*

Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth, Mire or Channel Dirt shall be put or placed, and also the Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall be liable to and shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid.

640

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Hours of remov. ing Night Soil,

fiC.

Offender may be apprehended. Proceed iy.gs.

Offender may be committed to House of Correction.

Penalty 5l. on Owner, Sec. and Carts, &c. felzed. Proceedings thereon.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall empty or begin to empty any Bog House or Bog Houses, or to take away any. Night Soil from any House or Houses or Premises within the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other DiflriA within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall come with Carts or Carriages for that Purpose save and except between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock in the Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas in every Year, and between Twelve of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day in every Year); or if any Person or Persons shall put or caff or cause to be put or call out of any Cart or Tub or otherwise any Night Soil in or near, any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Constables, Headboroughs, Patrols, Beadles or Watchmen (and they are hereby strictly charged and required and directed so to do), or for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to apprehend and carry any Person or Persons guilty of the said Offences, or either of them, to any Watch House of the parochial or other District wherein such Offence shall have been committed, or to any other Place of Confinement or Security, and from thence to convey him, her or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, who (upon Oath or Affirmation made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid) shall commit every such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the same City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, to be computed from the Day of Commitment; and the Owner or Owners of any Carts, Carriages, Horses or Bealts employed in and about emptying or removing such Night Soil, or coming for that Purpose save and except within the Hours hereby allowed), or the Employer or Employers of any Person or Persons who shall so put or caff out any such Night Soil, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence; and any Person or Persons may seize such Carts or Carriages or the Horses or Bealls drawing the same, with the Gears, Harness and Accoutrements, and remove or take such Carts or Carriages, Horses or Bealls, to such Place in the said parochial or other District as may be appointed for such or similar Purposes, if any such there be, or otherwise to such Place or Places as the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of such parochial or other District shall order and direct, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, shall pay the said Penalty, together with all Colls, Charges and Expences incurred in and about or relating to the Seizure, removing and keeping the said Carts or Carriages or Horses, or in any manner incidental thereto; and in case the same shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and all such Colls, Charges and Expences, to be ascertained and determined by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of the said parochial or other Dillrid for the time being, and within Five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

641

therefrom shall be applied in Payment of such Penalty and Costs, Charges and Expences; and after deducting the same, the Overplus, as so ascertained by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, may be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, when he or they shall apply for the same; and also that One Moiety of such Penalty shall belong to and shall be paid to or among the Person or Persons giving Information of such Offences, or any of them, and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and seizing, removing and detaining such Carts or Carriages, and Horses or Beasts, as hereinbefore is authorized and directed.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall erect, place, set up or build, in any Street or other public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter, any Hoard or Scaffolding, or place or erect any Pods, Bars, Rails, Boards or other thing, by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mortar or of depositing or fisting, screening or flacking any Brick, Stone, Lime, Sand or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, or for other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, who is and are hereby required to grant the same forthwith for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing or fisting, screening or flacking any Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand'or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, specifying therein the Length of Time for which the same when so erected or set up may be continued, and giving such other Directions respecting the same as he or they may think necessary, on being paid by every Person so applying for such Licence the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and that if any Person or Persons shall erect, place, set up or build, or cause or permit to be erected, placed, set up or built any such Hoard or Scaffolding, or any Inclosure, Pods, Bars or Rails, or any other matter or thing for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose, without the Leave or Licence, signed as aforesaid, of the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements so had and obtained, or shall erect, set up or build the same, or cause or permit the same to be set up or erected in any other manner, or to be continued for any longer time than shall be allowed or expressed in such Licence, then and in either of the said cases such Person or Persons or the Person or Persons by whom he or they shall or may be employed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the same shall have been and shall be set up and continued; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or for the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the same and all the Materials thereof, and of every Part thereof, to be kept and detained until such Person or Persons shall and do pay to the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, all the Penalties incurred by such Person or Persons, together with the Charges of pulling down, removing and keeping the same, to be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor or 57 Geo. III. T t Surveyors;

Penalty, how disposed of.

Hoards to be erected, but not without Licence of Surveyor.

What is to be specified in Licence.

Fee.

Erecting Hoard, &c. without Licence,

or unduly continuing,

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, See. may cause Hoard, See. to be removed.

Proceedings

thereon.

642

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Commissioners may direct Streets to he distinguished, and Houses to be numbered; Exception.

Obliterating, &c. Number, &c.

Penalty. Names and Numbers to be restored,

on Notice to Owner or Occupier.

Surveyors; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalties and Charges aforesaid shall not be paid, within the Space of Five Days next after the pulling down and Removal thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, to order or cause the same to be appraised and fold; and the Money arising therefrom, after deducting all the said Charges, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons as they from time to time shall or may direct or appoint.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may order and direct all and every the Houses and other Tenements or Buildings within all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their respective parochial or other District (if no other public Body shall possess and have exercised such Power) to be numbered with Figures placed or painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or such other Part of the said Houses, Tenements or other Buildings respectively, as they the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the PavementsTor the time being, shall think proper; and may also order and diredf to be engraved, painted or otherwise described on a conspicuous Part of any House, Tenement or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street and other public Place, the Name by which such respective Street and public Place is usually or properly called or known; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, injure, obliterate or deface any such Number, Figure, Name or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Con-session, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, every such Person so offending for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and also, that when any Number, Figure, Name or Description shall be engraven, painted or otherwise described, placed or affixed as aforesaid on any House, Tenement or other Building within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and the same or any Part thereof shall be destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House, Tenement or other Building where the Number, Figure, Name or other Description or any Part thereof shall have been so destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, upon Notice given to or left for him or them at such House, Tenement or Building, or at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Districts: , or by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint, shall cause the same Number, Figure, Name or Description

57° GEO. III. C. xxix. 643

to be in the same or like manner engraven, painted or described, placed or affixed on such House, Tenement and other Building, within Three Days after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, at his or their own Charges; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect so to do pursuant to such Notice, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being less than Ten Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Days, after such Notice shall be given or left, during which he or they shall so refuse or neglect; and that every such Penalty shall be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at any time hereafter to cause all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their respective Jurisdiction to be watered, and to be so watered either by any Person or Persons employed by them, or by any other Persons engaging to execute the same by public Contract or private Agreement, for such Prices and for such time, and in such Manner and on such Terms, as they shall think proper and approve; and also may cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be made and erested, in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar or other Building, under any of the said Streets or other public Places), and also to cause any Pump or Pumps now (landing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purposes of watering the same, from time to time be removed, altered or repaired; and may purchase and repair Carts and Horses and Pipes and other Implements, and may employ any Carters, Workmen and Servants, and may rent or erect any Stables or other Buildings necessary for the Purpose of keeping such Carts and Implements and Horses, and may do or cause to be done all other matters and things which they may deem necessary for that Purpose; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid out of the Monies received for and towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, or out of any Monies to be raised and produced by the Rates or Assessments herein after authorized to be made for that Purpose; and that it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, at any Meeting or Meetings, from time to time in each and every Year, to make and sign such further and additional Rates or Assessments upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Possession of or enjoy any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings or Hereditaments whatsoever, within any such Street or public Place which shall be watered by virtue of this Act, as may, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid present at such Meeting, be sufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of sinking such Wells, and erecting and repairing such Pumps, and watering such Streets and public Places respectively, and all other Charges and

T t 2 Ex-

[Penalty.]

Streets may be watered by Direction of Commissioners, &c. of Pavements.

Wells and Pumps sunk and erected, &c.

and Carters, &c, employed.

Expences of watering Streets may be defrayed by special Rates;

61-1

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

t-i be \>aid to the Collector of the Paving Rates;

and accounted for and enforced in the same manner as Paving Rates.

But Rates not to be made until Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any Street request the lame to be watered.

Courts, Alleys, &c. may be Hopped up with the Approbation of Two or more Justices, and with the Content

Expences relating or incidental thereto; so that in any one Year such further additional Rate or Assessment shall not exceed the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound upon or according to the full Annual Rents or Value of such Hereditaments respectively; and that every such Rate and Assessment shall specify the Period for which it is made, and shall be demanded and collected from the usual Quarter Day preceding the time of making and signing the same; and that all and every such Rates or Assessments, if so made and signed, shall be paid, by the Person and Persons liable to the Payment thereof, to the Collector or Collectors or other Person or Persons appointed or from time to time to be appointed to collect the Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objects or Purposes; and also, that all such Rates or Assessments shall be recovered and levied of and from such Person or Persons, and shall be accounted for and paid over to such Person and Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, with such Powers of Distress, and according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, as are mentioned and appointed in and by this Act, or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, relating to collecting, receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for and applying the several Rates and Assessments made and to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may not rate or aflfefs the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, or other rateable Property within any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, with any such further or additional Rate or Assessment, unless a Majority of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, and other rateable Property (such Majority not being less than Three Fourths of such Inhabitants or Occupiers within such Streets or public Places), shall at the same or at some previous time have signified and expressed their Wish and Consent in Writing that such Street or public Place should be watered, and shall have signed their Names to such Writing, and delivered or caused the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks for the time being.

LXXIX. And Whereas there are in certain parochial or other ' Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act certain Courts, Alleys ' and Places which, without Inconvenience to the Public, might be*discontinued and (lopped up, and which, from their private and confined Situation, and by being Harbours or Receptacles for c Filth and Rubbish, are noisome and offensive; y Re it therefore further enacted, That if upon the View of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such Court, Alley or Place may be situate, it shall to them appear that any such Court, Alley or Place is become unnecessary, and may, without Inconvenience to the Public, or to the Owners of

Houses

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

Houses or Tenements adjoining thereto, be discontinued and flopped up, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, testified by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and by and with the Consent of the Owner and Owners of the Houses, Lands or Tenements adjoining to Four Parts in Five in the Length of any such Court, Alley or Place, testified by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, at any Special Session to be holden for that Purpose, by Order under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, to discontinue and flop up any and every such Court, Alley or Place; and all such Courts, Alleys agd Places, or such Proportion thereof as may adjoin to the Houses or Tenements of such Person who shall have so consented, shall be discontinued and flopped up accordingly, subject to Appeal, as herein after is mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize the discontinuing or flopping up any Court, Alley or Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, whereby or in consequence whereof any House, Tenement or Land shall be so inclosed (unless with such Consent as aforesaid) that the Owner or Owners thereof shall be prevented from passing freely to and repafiing freely from such House, Tenement or Land.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement of the Streets and public Places in the parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and for the public Advantage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District, from time to time and at all times hereafter to alter, widen, turn or extend any of the Streets or other public Places within any such parochial or other District (except Turnpike Roads), and to lengthen and continue or open the same from the Sides or Ends of any Streets or public Places within any parochial or other District, into any other Street or public Place within such or any other parochial or other District, and to raise, level, lower, drain, ballad, gravel or pave such new Part or Parts of any such Streets or public Places so altered, widened, extended, opened or lengthened as aforesaid; and that if any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to project into, obstruct or prevent them from so altering, turning, widening, extending, lengthening, continuing or opening the said Streets or public Places within the said parochial or other District, and that the Possession, Occupation and Purchase of such Houses, Walk, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments will be necessary for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid', and they shall have full Power and Authority, to treat, contract and agree, or to employ any Person or Persons to treat, contract and agree with the several Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all such Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, of whatsoever Nature, Tenure, Kind or Quality, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to pay for the same such Sum and Sums of Money

T t 3 as

64 Fp

of the Owners

of contiguous Property, as herein mentioned

but not to be flopped without such Consent.

Streets may be'widened and improved by Commissioners, Src.;

Exception;

who may purchase Houses, dec. obstructing

646

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and Owners, <Scc. of Houses, &c. liable to Rates.

Corporate or Collegiate Bodies and incapacitated Persons enabled to fell for the Purposes afore-fa id.

All such Contrasts, See, good

as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, out of the Money to arise and be raised and to be received by them, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, and to puli down, use, sell or dispose of such Houses, Walls and Buildings, and the Materials thereof, and lay the Sites thereof, and also such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or so much thereof as they the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall think proper, into the said Streets or other public Places, and all such new Parts of such Streets or public Places; and the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings, Messuages and other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto, shall be subject and liable to all the Rates, Assessments, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Clauses and things to be made by virtue of or contained in any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of or contained in this Act, in the same manner as the present Streets and public Places included in any such local Act or Acts, or within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and the Owners and Occupiers of Ploufes or Buildings and Messuages or other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for- Life or in Tail, or others having a partial or qualified Interest or Estate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Husbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charities or other Purposes, Committees, Executors or Administrators, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, but also on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder expectant on an Estate Tail, and on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder expedlant on an Estate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way of executory Devise, in case such Persons shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on behalf of their respective Wives and Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are and shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act as aforesaid, for the absolute Sale thereof, and to sell and convey to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Feoffment, Lease and Release, or Bargain and Sale, by Deed indented and inrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for such valuable Consideration as shall be bund Jide agreed upon for such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales or Conveyances which shall be bond Jide made for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; any thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or

57° GEO. III.

Cxxix.

647

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some indifferent Person to be by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall he or be, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same City, Borough or County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premises in question in such manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Per-

T t 4 fons

When Parties refuse or are unable to treat, ike. a Precept to be issued for impannelling a Jury,

who are to he drawn as 3 G. 2. c. 25. direris.

Jury to attend,

&c.;

may be challenged.

Justices, on the Aplication of either Party, may direct a View of the Premises.

Jury to aflelsthe Value on Oath.

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

64 S

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final, previous Notice being given to the Parties interested.

If the Sum assessed shall not exceed the Sum offered,

the Cods c-f such Assessment, &c. to be paid by such Body Politic, &c.

foils as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholders or Tenants at Will, provided that such Good Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the same would have been worth in case the Improvements intended by this Act had not been in Contemplation; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in AVriting being given to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person and Persons, or at his, her or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued,) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as such proportional Value as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction; then and in every such case all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and also assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Per-

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

64V

son or Persons so seized or possessed of or interested in such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and so refusing to

treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said and the Commit-

Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, are hereby sioners.&c.may

authorized and empowered to dedudl and retain the said Costs, retilin the same*

Charges and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to

be aifeifed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof

Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons Proviso for Ab-/hall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating fentees as to about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Coils Costs, <?<c. and Charges shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices Justicesem-shall have Power from time to time to impose any reasonable Fine, powered toim-not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, an^wh^/Tes^ making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who for n0, Attend-shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and ance. shall not appear, without sufficient Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and from Fine levied by time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Distress. Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the case shall require, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District wherein such Premises shall lie or be, or to such other Person or Persons as they may respectively from time to time appoint.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall Application of be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tene- Compensation merits or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interest,^unt-

<of what nature or kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue mS to*of the Powers of this Act for the Purpose thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such-Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control

650

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Application where the Compenl'ation less than 2ocl. and exceeding 2ol

of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein such Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be or lie as aforesaid, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by Writing signed by them, shall direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where: such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements' and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interest, of what nature or kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of

the

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

t>51

the High Court of Chancety, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any Sum or Sums so agreed or awarded to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or upon the Deposit of the same in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed (as the case may be), the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in respetft whereof the same shall have been so paid or deposited as aforesaid, shall vest in the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That \Vhere any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Bur-chase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made

appear

Application where the Money is less than sol.

On Payment of the Purchase Money Premises to vest in Corn* missioners,

How far, where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, 8cc. at the time of such Purchase, shall, be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession.

G52

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Commissioners, 8zc.

Tenants at Will, 8c c. to deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

Where Tenant obliged to quit before Expiration of Term, Commissioners, &c. to make Compensation, which may be ascertained by a Jury.

Refuting to give up Possession,

Proceedings.

appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased, or purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Division within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint to take Possession of the same, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the time or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to take Possession thereof; and in case any such Tenant should be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his or her Term in any such Premises, then and in such case the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaction and Compensation for the Loss or Damage which he or she shall or may sustain thereby; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise as to the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation, the same shall or maybe determined, settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like manner as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, is herein directed to be determined, settled and ascertained; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

653

the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to issue their Preceptor Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiff, or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff, and every other proper Officer, is hereby authorized and required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Colls as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months' Interest on the said Principal, by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Street?, or public Places in such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall lie or be as aforesaid, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them; and in case the Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage Hi all from thenceforth cease and determine.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real Value of such Premises, so ascertained as aforesaid.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or any Person or Persons in Trull for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two

credible

Colts.

Mortgagees not in Possession, on Tender of Principal and Interest, and Six Months" Interest: , to convey to Commissioners,

or on Six Months Notice;

on Refusal, Interest on Mortgage to ceale.

Mortgagees not to be paid more than the real Value of Premises.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

654

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Upon Payment of Principal and Interest on Mortgage into the Bank, Premises to vest in the Commissioners, &c.

credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any manner or Form whatsoever.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recompence or Satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, or paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprised in or affected by such Agreement, Verdict or Mortgage respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Put-poses before mentioned in this ACT

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time absolutely to sell and dispose of all or any of the Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises which shall hereafter be conveyed to them in pursuance of this A Cl or otherwise; provided the said Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises so purchased are first offered for Sale to the respective Person or Persons of or from whom the Premises respectively were purchased by or on behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as Such Person not aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall not then agreeing to pur- and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein after mentioned) or shall refuse (except with

13 respect

Monies to be paid or tendered before any Use made of the Premises.

Estates conveyed to Commissioners may be sold by them, the Persons of whom they were bought having the first Offer.

chase, (Exception)

57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

G 55

respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn before a Matter in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate (who are hereby respectively empowered and directed to take the same), by some Person or Persons uninteretted in the said Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was so offered; and that any such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchafing the same, and he, she or they and the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Differences shall be borne and paid in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (mutatis mutandis); and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, shall be applied by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to the Purposes of the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the parochial or other Division over the Pavements whereof they shall possess a Control, or to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Money paid by him or them for such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the JuriL diction of this Act, or such Number of them as under or by virtue of their particular local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act shall be competent to act, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament or by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within such respective parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or towards any other Object or Purposes, which they shall from time to time deem necessary, exclusive of and in addition to any other Sum which the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid have been or may at the passing of this Act be empowered to borrow and take up at Interest under and by virtue of any local A<5i

or

Proceedings,

In what case Price ascertained by a Jury.

Money arising from Sales by Commissioners, how applied.

Power to Commissioners, &c. to borrow Money;

656

and may assign the Rates and AHe Aments js a Security.

Form of Alignment or Debenture.

Per tons taking such Alignments entitled to their Proportion of Rates.

How Money borrowed applied.

Commissioners, 3cc. empowered to grant Bonds to their Treasurer or Clerk.

C. xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, to be applied for and towards the Charges and Expences which have been or may be hereafter incurred for or towards the better paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, and for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid are hereby fully authorized and empowered to assign over the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part thereof (and the Costs and Charges of assigning the same being paid out of the said Rates and Assessment), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed with Interest, to such Person or Persons or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance the same, on Parchment, under the Hands of Five of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by the following Words of Assignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect:

virtue of certain Powers and Authorities veiled in us in and

by a certain Act or certain Acts of Parliament, We, the

undersigned, Five \here insert the Name or Title by which the Per- fans having the Control of the Pavements are correctly designated]

in consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain to us in hand paid by A. Bdo 6 assign unto the said A.B. his, her or their Executors, Admi- nistrators and Assigns, or Successors and Assigns, fas the case may 4 be, '] all and singular the Rates and Assessments to be raised, levied 6 and collected in the said [parochial or other District, as the case 6 may be,] made and to be made for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within such

[parochial or other District, as the case may be,] either exclusively

4 or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes \_as c the case may also be,] and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest c of the said [Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the 6 case may be,] and of their Successors, of, in and unto the same, to < hold unto the said his, her or their Executors,

4 Administrators and Assigns [or Successors and Assigns], until the Sum of together with Interest for the same after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid. Witness our Hands.'

And all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Appointment or Assignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and Assessments, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof with Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Account whatever; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied in and about the Purposes aforesaid, and for the Purposes of this Act, and in carrying the same, and the several Provisions, Powers and Authorities herejin and therein contained, into full Execution.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time and at all times hereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, to grant unto their respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

657

Clerks for the time being, any Bond or Bonds under the Hands of them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, for the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Interest for the same after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments; and that it shall and may be lawful from Treasurer em-time to time to and for such Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks for the time being, by and with the Direction of the said ^Chjic Auction. Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time to make Sale and dispose at public Auction of all and every or any such Bond or Bonds so to be granted as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, for the best Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the same; and that all Monies which Monies arising shall be from time to time received by any such Treasurer or Clerk from Sale, how for the time being from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid (after deduct- to be aPP1, eding the reout all Costs, Charges and Expences attendant thereon,) shall be applied by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to and for the Purposes aforesaid and of this Act, pursuant to the Provisions in that behalf herein contained.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Security trans-Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate ferable by or Sole, to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made as Endortement. aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Interest or Benefit to the said Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, whatsoever, by endorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, who shall subscribe his Name thereto, the following Words, or Words to the like Efsect; ( videlicet, )

' J DO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the

Form of En-

Principal Money thereby secured, and to all the Interest Money dorlement.

now due or hereafter to be due, unto C. Zb, his, her or their Exe-

cutors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns. Dated this

Day of

A.B.>

Witness, E, ZV

Which Transfer shall within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof Transfer notified be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Com- to Clerk of missioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time Commissioners, being, who shall enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept &0, and entered* for that Purpose; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Assignment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee _ or Assignees may assign the same again, and so toties quoties; and that such Clerk or Clerks shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for the Entry of every such Assignment of every such Bond or Security; and it shall not be in the Power of any such Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the Commissioners 57 Geo. III. Uu said

658

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

may pay off such Bonds, &c.

on Notice.

Interest on Monies borrowed to be paid half Yearly.

Money may be borrowed on Annuities.

Annuities chargeable on the Rates.

said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may at all times pay off and discharge all such Bonds or Alignments or any Part or Parts thereof, and also any Monies due on Securities given and granted under and by virtue of any particular local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pavement of their respective parochial or other Districts, either exclusively or jointly with respect to any other Objects or Purposes, when and as they shall think proper, upon giving Notice to such Person or Persons entitled to the same, or his or their Assignee or Assignees, and upon giving Two Calendar Months' public Notice thereof in The London Gazette, and One more public Newspaper; and at the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months after such Notice all Interest shall cease to be paid on the said Principal Monies to be secured by such Bonds or Assignments under this Act, or by any Securities granted under and by virtue of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on such Bonds or Mortgages or Alignments as aforesaid, from the time the said Money shall be advanced, shall be paid half Yearly by the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons borrowing the same Monies, or by their Successors for the time being.

6 Cl. And Whereas many Persons may prefer to advance such«Money as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid for the Purchase of Annuities, to be secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their respective Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as they may appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, or of this Act, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of Thirty live Years and upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective Contributors or Purchasers at the time of the Payment of their respective Purchase Monies; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the said respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by half Yearly Payments, the lirft Payment to be made to the respective Contributors or Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Payment of their respective Purchase Monies, the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by the said Commissioners or tTrustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to the belt Bidder for the same, or shall be such as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and at any General Meeting shall approve.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid and payable from

time

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

659

time to time out of the Monies arising by the said Rates and Assessments to be made as aforesaid, and all and every the Contributors or Purchasers duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each of such Purchasers as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true meaning of this Act.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity and Annuities to be purchased and secured under and by virtue of this Act shall be so granted by a Writing on Parchment, and shall be signed by Five of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

T/V/dE, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being Five of the Form of Gr3nt

[here insert the Name or Title by which the Persons having ° Annul1

the Control of the Pavements are correctly designated] in con-

ft deration of the Sum of of lawful

<- Money of Great Britain, to us in hand paid by A. B*, do hereby

grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

<; to be paid out of the Rates or

Assessments to be raised, levied and collected in the said [paro-

chial or other District, as the case may be,] made and to be made

for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets

or public Places within such [parochial or other Distritft, as the case may be,] either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards

any other Objects or Purposes ['as the case may be]; and which c Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said A.B. or his or her Assigns, during the

Term of his or her natural Life [or, as the case may be,] to the said A* Br, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, upon

e the Day of and the

Day of in every Year,

f by equal Half Yearly Payments, and up to the Day of the Death

of the said A.B.

[or, as the case may be]: In Witness whereof,

we the said [Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the

case may be] have hereunto set our Hands the

tf Day of in the Year of our

e Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And also that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Form of Trans-Annuity or Annuities shall be so granted and secured as aforesaid, far of Grant of and his, her and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall nnu, ty* and may, by Endorsement on his, her or their respective Securities, assign or transfer his, her or their Right and Interest to and in the Annuities thereby respectively secured, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

U u 2 I DO

660

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

T raiisfer notified to Clerk of Commissioners, and entered.

Annuities to be granted only at Public Meeting

No Annuity to be paid or recoverable unless a proper Certificate of Life of Ceftuiijue Vie be produced.

Enrolment of Memorial not necessary.

' T DO hereby assign and transfer the within-written Security,

' and the Annuities [or Annuity] thereby granted or secured,

unto Executors, Administrators or Assigns,

6 [as the case may be-]: Witness my Hand this

' Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .*

Which Transfer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, who shall enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be entitled to receive for every such Entry the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more; and that after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Afifgnment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Alsigns, to the Benefit thereof and to Payment thereon.

CIV. Provided always, That no Monies shall be obtained by any such Sale of Annuities, unless at or until after a Public Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to be held for that Purpose, whereof Seven Days' Notice shall be given in Two or more public Newspapers printed and published within the Cities of London or Westminster.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Annuities to be granted and secured under this Act shall be paid and recoverable, unless upon the Demand of each half Yearly Payment thereof the Person for whose Life the same shall have been so granted and secured shall personally appear before the respective Treasurer or Treasurers or Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or before some Person whom they shall depute for that Purpose, nor unless the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity or Annuities shall then produce or cause to be produced the original Security or Securities for the same; or in case of his or her Nonappearance, the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies duly authorized to receive the same, shall produce such Security or Securities and a Certificate to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Life of such Cestuique Vie, signed by the officiating Minister of the Parish wherein he, she or they shall be residing, upon the Day when such Annuity became due, or such other Evidence as shall be satisfactory to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Existence of such Cestuique Vie, upon the Day when the said Annuity became due, if such Cestuique Vie shall be then in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and in case such Cestuique Vie shall not be within the said United Kingdom, then such other good and sufficient Proof of his or her living upon the Day when each half Yearly Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities shall respectively become due shall be produced to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, as shall be satisfactory to him or them; and it shall not be necessary, in order to render valid the Grant of any such Annuity or Annuities, to enrol or register a Memorial thereof pursuant

C. xxix.

661

suant to the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Annuities, or to any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Annuitant or Annuitants, Nominee or Nominees, to whom and for whose Lives any Annuity or Annuities may be granted from time to time under and by virtue of this Act, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid from time to time and at all times hereafter to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, other and any Annuities upon the Life of such other Person or Persons upon such Terms and Conditions and payable in such manner as above mentioned; or in case the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall call in and pay off any Bonds, Assignments or Mortgages of the said Rates or Assessments, it shall and may be lawful for them to borrow on similar Bonds, Assignments and Securities, or by the Sale or Grant of Annuities, other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time for the Purposes aforesaid or of this Act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Monies advanced and paid, and all Bonds, Assignments, Securities and Annuities given and granted under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed Personal Estate and Effects; and also that the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, signing or executing such Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments or Grants, or any of them, or any other of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or any of them, or their or any of their Estates or Effects, shall in no wife be charged with or responsible, either at Law or in Equity, for the Payment of any of the Monies or Annuities thereby secured or granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, or any Part thereof.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, a Copy or Copies or an Extrad or Extrads of or from all Securities given for Monies borrowed, and of and from the Grants of all Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and also of all Assignments of such Securities for Monies borrowed, and of such Grants of Annuities so given or granted as aforesaid, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode and Descriptions of all such Persons who shall from time to time be entitled to such Securities and Annuities; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode and other Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity or Annuities shall be granted, and the Days whereon the Interest of the said Securities and the said Annuities shall be payable; and which Book and Books the Person and Persons entitled to and possessed of such Securities or Annuities at all seasonable times may have free Liberty to inspect, or to make or take Extracts or Copies thereof or there-

U u 3 from.

If Annuitants die, other Annuities may be granted.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

Commissioners, &c. shall not be personally liable.

Securities to be entered in a Book kept by Commissioners, &c.

Book may be inspected.

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

6G2

Commissioners may meet, and adjourn.

Commissioners, &c. may retain and discharge Clerks, &c.;

may rent, Sec. Offices, Sic.;

and a Place to be called the Green Yard;

may appoint Persons to take Care of Offices, &c.i

and may appoint Fees,

from, on the Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the said Clerk or Clerks for any and every such Inspection.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District: within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at all times afterwards to assemble and meet together for the Execution of the local Act or Acts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof they may have been appointed, and of this Act, within their respective parochial or other District or elsewhere, and may adjourn such Meetings from time to time as they shall think proper; but that One such General Meeting shall be held at least Once in every Calendar Month, and that Five or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall attend at and be necessary to constitute every such General Meeting j and the Acts, Resolutions and Proceedings of the Majority present at such Meetings, shall be deemed and considered to be the Acts, Resolutions and Proceedings of such Meetings; and that such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may retain and employ and discharge and pay such Clerks, Surveyors, In* spedlors and other Persons, as they from time to time shall deem expedient; and also shall and may dedudl and allow to themselves and to each other, and to their Officers and Servants, all Expences necessarily incurred in and about the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act; and also shall and may from time to time purchase or rent upon Lease, for a Term or Terms of Years or otherwise, or may erect, furnift), alter or improve, any Houses, Offices and other Places which they may deem necessary or expedient for their Places of Meeting, or for the Transaction of their Official Business, or for the Deposit and safe Custody of their Books, Vouchers and Documents; and also may purchase or rent upon Lease or otherwise from time to time such Place or Places, to be called "The Green Yard, " for such parochial or other District, for the Reception, Deposit and safe Custody of any Article seized and removed by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, within their respective parochial or other Districts, or of any Horses, Bealls, Cattle or any Animals or other things which may be found straying, or which shall be ii? or about any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other District, or which, according to any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or to this Act, or to the Common or Statute Law, may be impounded; and may appoint any Person or Persons to inhabit and take care of such Houses, Offices and other Places of Meeting, and to have the Custody and Care of such Books, Vouchers and Documents, and to take care of and superintend such Places of Deposit as aforesaid; and may appoint the Fees and Charges which shall be paid and payable, and which may be demanded on or for the Deposit and safe Custody of any such Articles so seized, or of any Horses, Beasts, Cattle, Animals or other things which shall be there impounded as aforesaid; and that the same Fees and Charges shall be so paid before any such Articles or things shall be given up or restored to any Persons whomsoever, or shall and may be deducted out of the Proceeds of any Appraisement or Sale of any such Articles and Things, and which

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

663

which may be effected thereof under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the Notice of Gene-said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control ral Meetings to of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or £, ven* other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall, at least One Day previous to any General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, cause a Notice to be left for every such Commissioner or Trustee or other Person at his Dwelling House or Office, or last or usual Place of Abode, in such parochial or other District, of every such General Meeting, and of the Place and Time when and where such General Meeting is intended to be held.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That in case Five Commis- General Meet-sioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall not attend nigs may be ad-at any such General Meeting within One Hour after the time ap- ^r" gte Num-pointed for such Meetings respectively, it shall and may be law- ber d0 not ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners or Trustees atcend. or other Persons as aforesaid to declare such General Meeting to be adjourned until a future time, within Seven Days after such Meeting was appointed to be or ought to have been held, and forthwith to cause Notice of such Adjournment to be left for every such Commissioner or Trustee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That at each and every Ge- At General neral Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons Meetings a having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, any One Com- 10 hs

missioner or Trustee or other Person then present, who shall be^denominated by the Majority of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid present at any such Meeting, shall preside at every such Meeting, and take the Chair as Chairman of such Meeting; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Transaction, including the Vote of the Chairman, the Chairman at such Meeting shall have another or the calling Vote.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Five or more of Special General the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control Meetings may of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial encies^or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall on any Occasion think it necessary or expedient to call or convene a Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, it shall and may be lawful for such Five or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to direct their Clerk or Clerks for the time being to summon such Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons respectively, to be assembled at the usual Place of Meeting, and at such time as the said Five or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall direct, by a Notice specifying the particular Object of such Special General Meeting, and of which Special,

General Meeting Notice shall be accordingly given by the Clerk or Clerks in the manner hereinbefore directed to be given of any General Meeting.

Uuf CXIV. And

664

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Proceedings at Meetings to be entered in Books, which shall be good Evidence.

What Proof required of Appointment of Clerks, &c.

Bye Laws maybe made by Com midioners;

f/3J

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid at any of their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk or Clerks for the time being for that Purpose, and shall be signed by such Clerk or Clerks; and that all such Orders and Proceedings shall then be deemed and taken to be original Acts, Orders and Proceedings; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read as Evidence of all such Acts, Orders and Proceedings, upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or any Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and that it shall not be necessary upon any Appeal or Trial or Information or Proceeding, or upon any Occasion, to prove the Appointment of such Clerk or Clerks; and that within Ten Years after the Date of any such Acts, Orders and Proceedings, Proof of the Handwriting of such Clerk or Clerks shall alone be necessary to verify his or their Appointment, and the Accuracy of such Entries of such Acts, Orders and Proceedings; and that after the Expiration of Ten Years from the Date of any such Acts, Orders and Proceedings, no other Proof shall be necessary, or shall be required of his or their Appointment, or of the Accuracy of such Entries, than the Production of such Book or Books appearing to be signed by some Person or Persons as the Clerk or Clerks for the time being; and that any Proof of his or their Handwriting shall not be necessary, nor shall be required; and also that upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or other Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, a Certificate from the Clerk or Clerks for the time being, signed by him or them, that any Person or Persons who hath or have acted or may aft: as Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, or as a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or in any other Office, was or were or is or are One or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or was duly appointed to be and was a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to such other Office wherein such Person or Persons shall or may have acted, or shall or may aft or appear, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of such Person or Persons, without any other Proof or Evidence whatsoever.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, present at any General Meeting, from time to time and at all times hereafter to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any ofctheir General or other Meetings, and of enforcing the good Conduct and Behaviour of the several Officers and Servants employed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, in the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, and for the Application of the several Monies that may be levied, collected or received by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, to the Purposes thereof; and likewise from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all

or

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

665

or any of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, and to fix and appoint all such reasonable Fines and Penalties for the and appoint Breach or Nonperformance of any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or l?ines not ex-Regulations, or any Part thereof, as to them shall seem proper, ^eedlllg IQh so that no such Fine or Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Ten confirmed* C. 6 Pounds; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, and all Alterations, Variations and Amendments thereof, shall be confirmed at another General Meeting, and being so confirmed shall be printed and be hung up or affixed at the several Places of Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Regulations, when so made, confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be good and binding upon all Persons concerned; provided that the same be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, nor inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in any local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, or in this Act contained; and that any Person or Persons thinking himself or Appeal, themselves aggrieved thereby shall and may appeal against the same as herein after is provided; and that all Penalties thereby imposed, How Penalties if incurred, shall and may be recovered in such manner as any thereby imposed. Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered by virtue of this recovered.

Ad; Provided always, that no such Bye Law, Rule or Regula- Proviso as to tion, when so made by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other alter, ng> &c* Persons as aforesaid, and confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be La', Vo* varied, altered, amended or repealed, save and except at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Three Days' Notice at the least, with the Name of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons thereto, shall be left for each and every Commissioner,

Trustee or other Person as aforesaid, in the manner directed as to other General Meetings by virtue of this Act.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid at any of their General ma)r enter into Meetings shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empow- herei^mcn-ered from time to time to contract or agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever for removing the Dust and Ashes, cleansing, paving and repairing the Pavement of and within their respective parochial or other District, and for doing and executing all or any of the Works which, under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, or of this Act, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may direct to be done and executed; and also to purchase or provide, either by Contract or otherwise, from time to time, such Goods, Materials and things whatsoever, as they shall think proper for effectually executing the Powers and Provisions of such local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and shall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon any such Contracts, Agreements or Purchases, to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, by and out of all or any Monies which shall or may be paid to or received by them by virtue of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, for and towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards

any

666

Public Notice to be given of all Meetings for making Contrails.

Contrails, Accounts, to be entered in Books.

Commissioners

may sue or compound for Breaches of Contrails.

Accounts and Books may be examined, &c. by Persons entitled to Securities,

C. xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

any other Objects or Purposes, or whereof they may be authorized and entitled to dispose.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That previous to any Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the making of any such Contrails which they may deem expedient for the better Execution of this Act, Seven Days' Notice of such Meeting to make any such Contracts shall be given in Two or more of the public Newspapers published in London or Westminster, expressing the Nature and Objects of each of such Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to contract may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice; and also that the Particulars of all such Contracts or Agreements, and all Receipts and Payments by such Commissioners er Trustees or other Persons in the Execution of the said local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and also Minutes of their Proceedings at all and every of their General Meetings, shall be fairly entered by their Clerk or Clerks, or by his or their Direction, in a Book or Books to be provided for those Purposes, and to be carefully preserved.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Contract or Contracts, for any Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, shall have been heretofore or shall be hereafter entered into by any Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid acting in pursuance of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and the Person or Persons who may have entered or who shall hereafter enter into any such Contract or Contracts, shall be guilty of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, at any of their General Meetings, in case they shall deem it proper and expedient, to declare such Contract or Contracts to be null and void, and such Contract or Contracts shall be from thenceforth null and void accordingly; or it shall or may be lawful to and for them to compound for such Sum or Sums of Money with the Person or Persons so having entered into or who shall hereafter enter into such Contract or Contracts, for such Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and for all Costs, Charges and Expences which have been or shall be occasioned thereby, as to them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall appear proper and expedient; or it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to sue for and to recover the full Penalty or Penalties contained and expressed in any such Contract or Contracts, or in any Bond or Bonds given and executed for the due Performance of such Contract or Contracts, by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the Persons possessing or entitled to any Bonds, Mortgages, ' Annuities or other Securities affecting or charged upon the said Rates or Assessments for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and all Persons rated to the Rates or Assessments to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or

repairing

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

667

repairing the Pavement in any parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, at all seasonable and convenient times to peruse and inspect and to make and take Extracts from all Rates or Rate Books, and all other Book or Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which shall be kept under any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or under this Act, in relation to the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Dif-tridl, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, in the Custody or Power of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for the time being; and also, that the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or One of them, within Twenty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, ligned by any one of the Persons before mentioned, and delivered to or left for him or them at his or their usual or last Place of Abode, shall make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered a Copy or Copies of all and every such Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, or of any Part or Parts thereof, whereof a Copy or Copies shall be so demanded, to the Person or Persons demanding the same, on his or their Application for the same, at any time after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty Days, he or they paying for the same, at or before the Delivery thereof, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Three hundred Words contained in such Copy or Copies so demanded and delivered as aforesaid, every Figure in such Copy or Copies being calculated as a Word; and in case any such Clerk shall at anytime refuse or wilfully neglect to make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered such Copy or Copies of all and every such Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers and Papers, and of every Part thereof respectively, to the Person or Persons demanding the same, on Application for the same, after Twenty Days from the Day of the Demand thereof as aforesaid, on Payment for the same as aforesaid, then every such Clerk shall for every Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Dillridl within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Clerk or Clerks for the time being; and that all Actions or Suits that the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other Dillridl, may at any time or times hereafter direct to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Rates, or any other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time or at any time due or payable from

or

and Copies delivered to such Persons demanding.

Fee.

Clerk refusing &c. to deliver Copy.

Penalty aol

Actions may be brought and defended by Commissioners, &c-in the Name of the Clerk,

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Action not discontinued, &c. by Death, &c. of Clerk.

Clerk to be reimbursed his Costs, &c.

In what case Clerk to be personally liable.

or by any Water or Gas Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, due or payable by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other District, or of this Act, or for or in respect of any other matter or thing relating to such local Act or Acts of Parliament or to this Act, may be brought in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks respectively for the time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Clerk or Clerks, as such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them as such Clerk or Clerks in the Sum of Ten Shillings, (or such other Sum as the Clerk or Clerks shall suppose to be then due or forfeited,) for so much Money before then owing (forfeited or Fine set, as the case may be,) from or by the Defendant or Defendants to the said Clerk or Clerks by virtue of such local Act or Acts, or either of them, relating to his or their respective parochial or other Difirid, or by virtue of this Act, (as the case may be, and mentioning the Titles of such Act or Acts respectively); and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions, he or they shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments may now by Law be levied and recovered; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, or any of them, by virtue or on account of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, in the Name of such their respective Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk or Clerks done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; but the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the case may be), except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons and their respective Clerk or Clerks for the time being; in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the case may be): Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks or other Person in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of any such local Act or Acts towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, or of this Act, all such Costs, Charges and Expences as he or they shall be put to or become charged or chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein; but no such Clerk or other Person shall be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the same or any Part of the same, unless such Action or Suit shall have been brought

or

57° GEO. III. C. xxix.

669

or commenced, or the Defence of such Action or Suit shall be commenced, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or shall be prosecuted, carried on and continued contrary to their Approbation and Consent.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, Cause, Suit, Hearing, Examination or Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or relating to or concerning any Rate or Assessment made or to be made upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Property in any such parochial or other District, or in anywise touching, concerning or relating to any such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, any Inhabitant or Owner or Occupier of Property in any Part of any such parochial or other District may be a competent Witness, and shall be admitted to give Evidence, notwithstanding he might be interested for and on behalf of such parochial or other District, or might or is or then or thereafter should be charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied and collected within any such parochial or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, or by any other Authority whatsoever.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times hereafter in any manner whatsoever wilfully obstruct, hinder or molest any Commissioners or Trustees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or any other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be appointed or employed to put in Execution this Act or any local Act or Acts of Parliament by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, then every Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third or any subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are or may be empowered by Law to proceed on the Complaint of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, to proceed on the Complaint of any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other such Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or any of them, or of any Person or Persons whom they or any Two or more of them by Writing under their Hands shall appoint for that Purpose, in such and the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Complaint had

been

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Gbftrudling Commissioners and Surveyors irs Performance of their Duty.

First Offence. Second Offence. Subsequent Offence. Penalty.

Justices to proceed on Complaint of Commissioners.

6 70

57° GEO. III.

Two Commissioners may act where uo particular Number is required by any local Act or by vhis Act.

Justices may act although they are Commissioners, &c. or Inhabitants of Distri#.

JusticeSj with Consent of Commissioners, &c. may make Allowance to Informers out of Penalties which are to be applied to Purposes of the Act

Amount of Allowance.

C. XXJLX.

A.D. 1817.

been made by such Coipmifiiohers or Trustees or other such Persons as aforesaid, or any or all of them.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case wherein no particular Number of Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Distridi within the Jurisdiction of this Act, are by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Distridi, or by this Act, stipulated and required to be necessary to perform any Act, matter or thing by such local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act required or directed to be done and performed, that all and every such Act, matter and thing may be legally and effectually done, executed and performed by any Two or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control for the time being of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the particular parochial or other Distridi for which they are appointed or empowered to act; any thing in such local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall and may do any Act or Deed relative to the Office of the Justice of the Peace directed by this Act or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to any parochial or other Distridi therein or otherwise, notwithstanding he shall or may at the same time be a Commissioner or Trustee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Distridi within such City, Borough or County, and shall and may acct in the Execution of this Act or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or at any Sessions, or upon any Summons, Appeal or other Proceeding whatsoever relating to any parochial or other Distridi within the Jurisdiction of this Act, notwithstanding he shall then be an Inhabitant of any such parochial or other Distridi within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall pay or may be then or thereafter liable to pay any Rates or Assessments charged or to be charged upon any Owners or Occupiers of Property in any parochial or other Distridi within the Jurisdiction of this Act; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convidied of any Offence against this Act, or against any local Act: or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Distridi within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in pursuance of any such local Act or Acts or of this Act, and he and they are hereby required, by and with the Direction or Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such. parochial or other Distridi, or of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or of any Person appointed by them or any of them, to allow and pay or to order the Allowance and Payment of such Part of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be* imposed upon and shall be received of any such Offender or Offenders convidied before him or them of any such Offence as aforesaid (unless herein otherwise directed), not exceeding One Half Part thereof, as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or

13 Surveyors

57° GEO. III. C. xxix<

671

Surveyors of the Pavements as aforesaid, or any of them, shall direct or approve, unto the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet; and that the Remainder of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (unless herein otherwise directed as aforesaid), shall be paid to and shall belong to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiitriA wherein any such Offence shall have been or shall appear to have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons or Company as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall from time to time appoint to receive the same, and to be applied towards the Costs and Charges of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and of paving and repairing the Pavements within any such parochial or other District; any other A A, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Appeals, Hearing or other cases where the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act shall or may be authorized or required, or shall deem it necessary or expedient, to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer an Oath or Affirmation to any such Person or Persons, and also may require the Production of any Deeds, Instruments or Papers in the Custody or Power of any Person or Persons appealing to them or him, which in their or his Judgment may be necessary to illustrate the Subject of any such Appeal; and that if any Person or Persons, being so (worn, or having solemnly affirmed, shall upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or before any Justice or Justices respectively, or any of them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is or are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties to which by any Law then in being any Person or Persons would be subject and liable who should be convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace who is and are made competent, empowered or required to hear and determine any Complaint or Matter under or by virtue of any local Act or A Act of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or under and by virtue of this Act, to issue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend as a Witness or Witnesses, and to give Evidence upon Oath or solemn Affirmation before any such Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fa A contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, oi against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in

purfuyjucc

Commissioners, &c. or Justices, may administer Oath, &c.

and may require the Production of Deeds, &c.

Perjury.

Justices may compei the Attendance of Witnesses,

672

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Witnesses, on being paid and tendered their Colls, not appearing,

Penalty,

Direction ai to Service of Notices, Sum-rnonfes, &c.

Fines and Penalties, how to be recovered.

pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors or Informers, or Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summons such Justice or Justices as aforesaid are hereby required to issue, if thereunto required; and if such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, upon being paid or tendered such Sum for his or their Coils and Charges, Trouble and Attendance, as the said Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without such Excuse for such his, her or their Refusal or Neglect as shall be approved of by such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or solemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such case every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not being less than Five Pounds, nor exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be also recovered in the manner herein after directed by virtue of this Act.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Summonses, Documents, Demands and Accounts, which are directed and required to be given by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by this Act, or which are or may be directed or required to be given by any Bye Law, Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, or of any of them, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of any such local Act or Acts or this Act, or any or either of such Bye Laws, Rules or Orders, of which the manner of serving the same is not particularly directed by such local Act or Acts or by this Act, shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written and shall or may be served, either by delivering the same personally to the Person or Persons, or one of them, to whom such Notices, Sumraonfes, Demands and Accounts respectively are to be given, or by leaving the same at his, her or their usual or last known Warehouse or Warehouses, Manufactory or Manufadlories, Office or Offices, Counting House or Counting Houses, or with any of his or their Partners, Tenants, Clerks or Servants, at his or their last or usual known Place or Places of Abode, or at or upon any Tenements, Premises or Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by any such Person or Persons, or whereunto an such Notices, Summonfe9, Documents, Demands or Accounts may relate.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by this Act inflicted or imposed or authorized to be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not in such Act or Acts of Parliament or herein otherwise directed), upon Proof of the Offences respectively, within Three Calendar Months after such Offences respectively shall have been or shall be committed, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall be situate wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or shall be charged or shall appear to have been committed, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

C.Xxix.

C/3

the Information of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation such Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, and the Informer and Informers are hereby declared to be and is and are hereby rendered in any and every such case a competent Witness or competent Witnesses,) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (rendering the Overplus, if any there be, after deducting all the Colts, Charges and Expences of any Summonses, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraisement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold,) shall be paid as hereinbefore directed to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or to such Person or Persons or Company as they shall from time to time appoint as aforesaid to receive the same; and to be applied as hereinbefore is directed, and subject to the Powers of rewarding Informers hereinbefore contained; and in every such case where Distress is directed to be made, levied or taken by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act, and sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and Costs, Charges and Expences shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, Borough or County aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines, and all such Costs, Charges and Expences attending on or occasioned by any such Offence, or any Summonses, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, or of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraisement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and also that any one Justice of the Peace may and is hereby required to act in any and every case in which the Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace shall not be expressly required by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act: Provided always, that no Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine inflicted or imposed or authorized to be imposed by virtue of th; s Act, shall become due or be incurred by any Persons whomsoever for any Offence or Offences under or against this Act, unless such Offences shall have been committed after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act,

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to 57 Geo. III. X x be

How and to whom Penalties paid.

Where Distress nut found, 8zc.

Proceedings,

Form of Oon-v id ion.

6?4

Dill refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form

and Plaintiff in Action for executing Act not to recover if adequate Amends have been tendered. Limitation of such Action. Notice, Sec.

C. xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say, )

j^E it remembered, That on this Day of

*, in the Year of our Lord

6, A.B. is duly convicted before

6 of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [City,

1 Borough or County, as the case may be, '] of having \here state the c Offence, as the case may be,] contrary to the Form of a Statute [or c of certain Statutes, as the case may be], in that case made and provided: And I [or we, as the case may be,] do declare and adjudge ' that the said A.B. hath forfeited for his or her [as the case may be] e said Offence the Sum of and also the

c Sum of for the Costs, Charges and

c Expences already incurred thereabouts. Given under my Hand [or 6 Hand and Seal, or our Hands, or our Hands and Seals, as the case ' may be,] the Day and Year first above written.'

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Distndt within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Compensation for the special Damage incurred by an Action on the case: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action on the case, or in any Action commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or in pursuance of this Act, unless such Action shall be commenced within Twenty eight Days after any alleged Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding shall be done, nor unless Notice in Writing of such intended Action shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty one Days before such Action shall be commenced, signed by the Attorney for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the cause or causes of such Action; nor shall any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action for Satisfaction for special Damage or otherwise, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action shall be brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue be joined in such Action, to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order

and

A.D. 1817, 57° GEO. III. C. xxix, «75

and Judgment shall be had, made or given in and by such Court, as in

other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Actions shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action,

or if upon a Demurrer or Verdict or otherwise, Judgment shall be given for or shall be obtained by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, then and in every such case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall be liable and subject to the Payment to the Defendant or De- Treble Costs,

fendants of Treble Costs; and the Defendant or Defendants shall have all and every such Remedies for recovering the same, as any

Defendant may have by Law for the Recovery of Costs in any other

case.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Appeal from any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves agr jX'eSj, on ° grieved by any Conviction or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for any Offence committed against any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or against this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City, Borough to General or or County, provided the same shall not be held within Seven Days Quarter Session?l after such Conviction or Order shall be made, and then to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City, Borough or County then next succeeding; and also if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assess- from Rate; ment or Assessments, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects and Purposes, or by any Bye Law, Rule or Order made or to be made in pursuance of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, or by any other matter or thing done or directed to be done in pursuance of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, then such Person or Persons shall apply for Relief to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other District for which such Rate or Assessment shall then have been made, or by whom any such Bye Law, Rule or Order, or other matter or thing, shall have been made or done or directed to be done, at any Meeting to be held within Thirty Days next after the making of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or next after any such matter or thing done and committed by or by an Order of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by which such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved; and the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, are hereby authorized and empowered to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, or the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, shall neglect within Thirty Days after such Application to determine or to give Notice of such Determination to the Person or Persons so applying for Relief, then and in either of such cases he, she or they may appeal to a Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for

from Bye Law, &c.

to Commissioners, &cy

Relief,

Appeal from Commissioners, Arc. to General or Quarts r Sessions.

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Notice of Appeal.

Recognizance.

the City, Borough or County within such parochial or other District shall be situate, within Four1 Calendar Months next after such Application to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons 5 but that in all and every such case of Appeal every such Appellant, unless he, she or they shall be Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or some Person or Persons appointed by them, and whether such Appeal shall be against any Conviction or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or against any Rate or Assessment, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, matter or thing made or done or directed to be done by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, shall first give or cause to be given Fourteen Days' Notice at least in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the matter thereof, signed by every such Appellant, and specifying his, her or their true Residence and Trade or Prosession, to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, by delivering such Notice to him or them, or by leaving such Notice for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, and within Three Days next after the Service of such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid and such Recognizance being entered into, in such cases in which such Notice and Recognizance are hereby directed and required, shall hear and determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and in all cases wherein the Appeal shall relate to the Provisions contained in this A<S for compelling speedy and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement, the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall award full Costs to the Party in whose Favour they shall decide and determine, to be allowed as between Solicitor and Client, and to be settled by the Clerk of the Peace for such City, Borough or County for the time being; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quarter or General Sessions shall be final, bind-Refusing to obey, ing and conclusive; and that the Recognizances of any Party disobeying, or refusing or neglecting to obey, any Order which may be made by such Justices, shall be forfeited, and that every such Party shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and that if any Costs awarded by them, when so settled by the said Clerk of the Peace, shall not be forthwith paid, then Double the Amount thereof may be recovered by an Action of Debt or on the case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the Payment of any Rate or Assessment shall not be suspended or delayed in consequence of any such Notice of Appeal, or whilst such Appeal may depend, but that the same and every Part thereof shall

Costs.

And on Appeals as to Pavements, full Costs as between Solicitor and Client.

Determination of Sections final.

Misdemeanor.

If Costs not paid3 Action.

57° GEO. III.

67 7

C. xxbs.

and may be demanded, collected and recovered in such and the same manner as if no such Notice of Appeal had been given.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices to deliver

Recognizance and Recognizances entered into by any Person or Per- Recognizances

fons relating: to any Appeal as aforesaid, shall be delivered on Demand eL to 1 e

i i L fr r, ., i rr Commissioners,

to the Clerk or Clerks ror the time being to the Commissioners or ^c< xvh0 may sue

Trustees or other Persons having the Control-of the Pavements in any on the lame

+parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, as to which such Appeal shall relate, by the Justice or Justices who shall have taken the same; and that the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, shall and may sue for, recover and receive the Penalty and Penalties or Sum and Sums mentioned in any such Recognizance or Recognizances, either in such and the same manner as any Rate, Penalty or Fine maybe sued for and recovered by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other

Diflridt, or by virtue of this Act, or by Action or Actions of Debt

or on the case, or other Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster> with full Costs of Suit; and that in

any such Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Proceedings noc-Assessment or Assessments, nor any Proceeding to be had touching quashed for want the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any offorrn;

Order made, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or about the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diflridt within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or in or about the Execution of this Act, or in pursuance or by virtue thereof, shall be vacated or quafned for want of Form; but that any Rate or Assessment, or any matters of Form in any Conviction, Order,

Proceeding or other matter and thing, may be amended, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City,

Borough or County may order and direct, nor shall any Rate, Proceeding, Conviction, Order, matter or thing be removed or removable nor removable-by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process what foe ver, into any ^CertloraT1> j

of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any'j

Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. j

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit Notice and shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done j

in execution or pursuance of any local Act or Acts of Parliament things ^one jn relating, either exclusively or jointly with any other. Objects or Pur- Execution of poses, to the Pavement of any parochial or other District within the Joeal Adlsrelat- j Jurisdiction of this Act, until after Twenty one Days' Notice in >ns to Rewriting, signed by the Person or Persons intending to bring such mentSj &c* ]

Action or Suit, and specifying his or their real Residence, and his or their Trade or Prosession, shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Cerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the j

Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within j

the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein any Fabl may be committed, or 1

for which such Action or Suit may be brought; nor after sufficient Tender of Satisfaction shall be made or tendered, nor after Three Calendar Satisfaction,

Months next after the Fabl-may be committed for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesea or City of London, and not

X x 3 in

678

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

C. xxix.

[General Issue.]

treble Costs.

The Powers

conferred on Commissioners ?.nd Trustees io belong toVellry men, Gum mi t-tees, Courts md all other Persons having the Control of Pavements.

tocal Paving Aits of Pal lia^ tnent not hereby repealed.

in any other County, City or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General lfsue, and give any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or this Act, and the special matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for or on which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of any such local Act or Acts, or of this Act; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty one Days' Notice was given as before directed, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County City or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Suit, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Suit, or upon a Verdict or otherwise, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedies for recovering the same as any Defendant may have lor the Recovery of Costs in other cases by Law.

CXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Articles, matters and things in this Act contained, and applying or relating to any Commissioners or Trustees having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall also extend and apply to, and all the Powers, Privileges, Indemnities and Authorities hereby conferred upon them shall and may be exercised and enjoyed by all and every other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise, and howsoever such Persons having such Control may be designated, entitled and distinguished in and by such local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise, and whether they be so designated, entitled and distinguished as Vestrymen, Committees, Courts or otherwise i any thing contained in such local Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that they and every of them shall and may have, exercise and enjoy all such Powers, Privileges', Indemnities and Authorities, in such and the same manner as if every such public Body and such Persons was or were distinctly and separately enumerated, nominated and set forth in this Act, and in every Clause, matter and Provision herein contained*

CXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That neither any Act or Acts of Parliament relating either exclusively to the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or relating thereto jointly with any other Object or Purpose, nor any Clause, matter or Provision therein contained, shall be hereby repealed; but that the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by any such local

14 Act

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix*

6 T9

Act or Acts of Parliament vested with the Control or Superintendence of the Pavement of the Streets and public Places in every such parochial or other District, shall retain and may exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities by all and every such local Act and Acts of Parliament conferred upon them or any of them; and that they may from time to time and at all times either ad under and upon all or any of the Provisions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of such Act or Acts of Parliament, or under any of the Provisions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of this Act, as they from time to time, upon each Emergency or each particular Occasion, may think proper and deem moil expedient; but subject nevertheless to all the Provisions contained in this Act as to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Pavement in every parochial or other District, and as to the means hereby provided for compelling the speedy and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement in all Streets and public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and the Regulation and Improvement of such Streets, and Removal and Prevention of Nuisances and Obstructions, according to the Provisions of this Act.

CXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Estate of The Most Honourable The Marquis Camden, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enadment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Estate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the several Powers and Authorities by this Act granted shall not extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person or Persons whomsoever to have any Control, Right, Power or Authority over the Sewers and other Works now under the Control and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, or for the Limits extending from East Moulsey in Surrey to Ravenjhourtie in Kent; but that all such Powers, Rights and Authorities now vested in the said Commissioners, shall remain and continue in them solely and exclusively, and no others, in such and the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the taking down or removing any Bar, Gate, Rail or other Fence fixed for preventing any Thoroughfare into or from any Square, Street or Way, without the Consent of the Owner of the Estate or Property upon which such Bars, Gates, Rails or other Fences, Squares, Streets or Ways, shall be situate.

X x 4 CXLIII. Pro-

i

Proviso for Estate of Marquis Camden in Saint Pancras:

And for the Estate of Lord Sommers:

And for the Westminster and.' Surrey, &c. Commissioners of Sewers.

Act not to authorize making any Thoroughfare, without Consent of Own* er of Estate.

(ISO

Proviso fur Parishes of Iflmgton and Hackney.

56 G. 3. c. 128.'28, 29.

Proviso for the said A<5f as above recited.

56 G. 3. c. 120, §79*

G xxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

CXLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Parishes of Saint Mary IJVington, or of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, although such Parishes are included in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, but that the said Parishes shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXLIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty'sixth*Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross, and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park; and to enable His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Scites for public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality \ it was enacted,

that it should be lawful for the Commissioners for executing that Act to authorize and permit the building or erecting and making of any Porticoes, Arcades and other covered Ways projecting from any Buildings or Houses which- should or might be built on the Sides of the new Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places comprised within the Provisions of the said Act,

extending over any Footways of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, under the Restrictions therein mentioned; and to permit the erecting or making, or continuing or fullering to remain, the Fronts of any Houses or Buildings in the said Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, in such manner as that some Fronts might recede behind or advance before others, and with Bow Windows or other Projections, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilasters, Columns and Shop Windows, or other Projections, under the Restrictions therein mentioned Now therefore be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, abridge, repeal or affect any of the said Provisions in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, ^or to authorize or empower any Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons, to remove or alter, or to require the Removal or Alteration of any Porticoes, Arcades or other covered Ways, Bow Windows, Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilaster Columns, Architectural Ornaments or other Projections which have been heretofore or shall be hereafter authorized or permitted, by the Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Act, to be made in or to any Houses or other Erections which shall have been or shall or may be ereftedor built in any of the Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places comprised within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CXLV. And Whereas by the said last mentioned Act it was enacted, that such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which were intended to be taken and used under the Provisions and for the Purposes of the first Act therein recited, as are situated in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, and also the Houses and Buildings to be erected on the said Lands, should for ever thereafter, in making any Rates or Assessments for the paving, repairing, watch-

' i

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxix, xxx.

681

6 ing> lighting and cleaning the several Streets and other Places in the«laid Parish of Saint Mary le bone, be charged and assessed thereto,

6 as being altogether and in the whole of the yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and that the same should for ever thereafter be charged and assessed and«rated at the said yearly Rent of Six thousand and eighty four ' Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the same should be more or 1 less Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to alter, repeal or annul the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Relation thereto; but that all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments comprised within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as are situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, shall for all the Purposes of this Act be charged and assessed as being altogether and in the whole of the said yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and that the said Sum of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds shall at all times hereafter, and for all the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the annual Rent or Value of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, which has a Pavement of its own to maintain, or to such Part or Parts of the immediate Close thereof, which have been hitherto exempt from Paving Rates; nor to give Power to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District under the Operation of this Act, to purchase or to pull down any Houses, Walls or Buildings, being Part of the said Collegiate Church, Westminster School and the Buildings thereto appertaining, situate within the ancient Close of the same Collegiate Church, or in College Street, Dean Street, Smith Street or The Sanctuary, and which are adjoining to Dean's Tard, or adjoining to any of the Houses contiguous to Dean's Tard and the Yards or Play Grounds belonging to the same Houses; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads or to any Part of any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads, whether the same shall be paved or unpaved, now being in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Houses, See. within the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, within the said Act, to be rated at a specific Sum.

Proviso for the Collegiate Church of Westminster and Places contiguous thereto;

and for Turnpike Roads.

[Public Act.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of 50 G. 3. c. 191. Newcastle upon Tyne. (3) [16th June 1817.]

Cap.

682

13 G..3. 29 G. 3. 4i G. 3. (U.K.) 43 G.3.C 50 G. 3.

3^ G. 3. 56 G. 3.

41 G.

C. xxxi — xxxix. 57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Cap. xx xi.

An Act for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxii.

c. 28. An Act for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours^43* of Greenock; for establishing and supporting a Harbour Police

'*and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parishes of

lxxxvii. Greenock.

[16th June 1817.]

c. clxvii.

Cap. xxxiii.

c.clxxii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty second Year c. xxiv. Of present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, and other Purposes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[ 16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing additional Burying Ground, for the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Bull's Head Lane, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bajin in the Parish of Pinxton, in the County of Derby.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxviii.

C-I09- An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parish of Norton.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Lljfey} and West

of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. xxxix.

683

of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin; and for the Appointment of

an Inspector of the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin.

[16th June 1817.]

[3lG, 2. c. 19. 33G.2-r.15. 7 (r.3. c. 7. 21 22 G.3. r. 17*

23 fcf 24 G. 3. r. 31. 26 G. 3.*: .32. 27 G. 3. r. 43. 30 G. 3*

r. 19. 36 G. 3. r. 54. 39G.3-r. 53. 40 G.3. r.61. Irish Acts; and 47 G. 3. Sejf.2* ( Z7. if.) r.lxxiv. extended to this Act, § I.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful Commissioners to and for the said Commissioners to take down, remove or make not to remove use of, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Messuages, Houses Buildings, except or Buildings, other than and except such as are specified, mentioned as in Schedule* and declared in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Misnomers not be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take down, alter, to prevent Eoce-remove and make use of any Messuage, House or other Building, sutionofAdh and to cut into, through, across or over, and make use of the Lands

and Grounds whereon the same shall be situate, for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in any such Street, Lane,

Way or Passage as aforesaid, notwithstanding the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, is or are not mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, in all cases where it shall appear to any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Dublin, and be certified by them under their Hands, that the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, hath or have been omitted by Mistake in the said Schedule, or that instead of his, her or their Name or Names, the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons hath or have been by Mistake inserted therein; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Members who serve in Members for the Parliament for the County of Dublin for the time being, shall be and County of Dub-become Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act

into Execution, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, and with such and the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to such and the like Rules, Orders and Directions, as if they had been nominated or appointed by the said recited Acts or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Suit and Suits Suits may be

at Law or in Equity, which are now carrying on and prosecuting prosecuted or against the said Commissioners, or defended by the said Commissioners rfefencle<J^in their own Names, shall and may from and after the passing of Secre-

this Act be carried on, prosecuted and defended by the said Com- tary} missioners in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or the Person or Persons appointed thereto for the time being; and that all Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, touching or concerning any Contract or Contradts or Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the said Commissioners, shall be carried on, prosecuted and defended in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being; and that all such Suits and Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity, in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Suits and Proceedings had been commenced, prosecuted and defended, or carried on, in the Name of the said Commissioners

or

684

C. xxxix.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Suit not to abate by Death or Removal of Clerk or Secretary.

A Certificate by Clerk or Secretary of Orders or Proceedings of Commissioners, conclusive Evidence thereof.

Certificate of Appointment of Clerk, Evidence.

Clerk or Secretary reimbursed.

Premises situate partly in the County of Dublin and partly in the City, may be valued by cue Jury.

or any of them; and in case any Bill or Petition shall be filed or exhibited in any Court of Equity against the said Commissioners for Lhe time being, or any of them, or their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being, for or on account of any matter or thing by the said Commissioners, or any of them made or done in Execution of the Powers, Authorities, or Trulls heretofore or hereby vested in them the said Commissioners or any of them, shall not be obliged to answer such Bill or Petition; but that the Answer of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, to such Bill or Petition, shall be deemed and taken to be the Answer of the said Commissioners, and shall be binding upon them to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall happen to die, or be removed by the said Commissioners, while such Suit or Suits shall be depending, that then and in such case such Suit or Suits shall not abate by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, but shall be carried on and defended in the Name of the succeeding Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or if more than one, in the Name of the Survivor, and shall Hand to all Intents and Purposes in the same State and Condition as it was immediately before the Death or Removal of such former Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries.

VI. And be it enacted, That on all Indictments and Criminal Proceedings in all cases whatever, in all Courts of Law or Equity and before all Magistrates in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Certificate of any Order, Proceeding, Appointment or other Act of the said Commissioners, under the Hands and Seal of the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries of the said Commissioners for the time being, mail, without further Proof, be deemed and taken as conclusive Evidence that such Order, Proceeding, or other Acts as shall be thereby certified, is the Order, Proceeding, Appointment, or Act of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin; and every such Certificate of the Appointment of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be conclusive Evidence in like manner that the Person or Persons so named in such Appointment is the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries to the said Commissioners.

VII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, in whose Name any Actions or Suits shall be prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Money which shall arise from any Rates or Assessments to be levied under this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all the cases where the said Commissioners or their Successors shall think it necessary to purchase any Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Part whereof shall be situate in the County of Dublin, and other Part whereof shall be situate in the County of the City of Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or their Successors to cause such Premises, whether situate in the County or County of the City of Dublin aforesaid, to be valued by one and the same Jury, they

the

A.D. 181

57° GEO. III. C. xxxix.

685

the said Commissioners or their Successors causing 8ix of the Jurors to be impannelled and sworn for such Valuation to be Men of the County of Dublin> and the other Six of such Juries to be Men of the County of the City of Dublin; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Commissioners by any former Acts, touching or concerning any Valuation or Valuations by a Jury, shall and may extend and be conllrued to extend to all Valuations to be made in pursuance of this Act.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

Description of Premises. Where fitwate. Owners. Occupiers. 1

A Dwelling House^No. 57, Fishamble 7 Joseph Smith, Esq. Reprel'en- 7 Thomas Perry.

Street 3 tative of Patience Fuite - 3 Judith M'Cann.

Two Dwelling Houses^58 and 59, same 7 Street - 3 Berkley Buckingham Smyth / Stafford, a Minor _ £ Charles O'Neil.

A Dwelling House and ? Warehouse - \ 60, same Street^Thomas Murphy, Elizabeth 7 White, Earl of Moira - 5 William O(borne.

A Dwelling House and 7 Premises - - f No. 17, Skinner Row Abraham Mason Martin Harney.

A Dwelling House 18, same Street Ambrose Boxwell Ambrose Boxwell.

A Dwelling House 19, same Street Assignees of John Tudor^Terence O'Loughlin.

A Dwelling House 20, same Street Ditto ditto Edward Murphy.

A Dwelling House 21, lame Street Ditto ditto Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 22, same Street^John Hudson, the Assignees of 7 John Tudor - -3 Joseph Malone.

A Dwelling House 23, same Street Assignees of John Tudor Unoccupied.

Three Dwelling Houses^24, 25, 26, same 7 Street - 3 Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - - 5 Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 27, same Street George Harrifou John Thorpe.

A Dwelling House 28, same Street Richard Folds, Jefeph Ducket - Stephen Strech.

A Dwelling House 29, same Street^Robert Mulock, Sir Compton 7 Domville, Bart. - - 3 John Wright.

A Dwelling House 30, same Street^Bernard Campfie, Jane Had- 7 dock, the Dean and Chapter > Matthew Tom-

of Christ Church - - 3 mm.

A Dwelling House 31, same Street^ Thomas Gilchrist, Jane Had--! dock, Dean and Chapter of> Thomas Fair-brother.

Christ Church - - j

A Dwelling House 32, same Street Sir Compton Domville, Bart. Bridget Perry.

A Dwelling House 33, same Street jj Hickman Blaney Molesworth, 7 Archdeacon King - - 3 George Friend.

A Dwelling House 34, same Street^John Hynes, Dean and Chapter 7 of Christ Church - - 3 John Hynes.

A Dwelling House 35, same Street^Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - 3 Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 36, same Street Ditto ditto Unoccupied.

Three ruinous Houses < c No. 1, 2, 3, Christ 7 Church Yard £ Ditto ditto Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 9, same Street^ George Dowdall, the Dean and 7 Chapter of Christ Church $ John Bate.

A Dwelling House 10, same Street Robert Williams, William Hall Robert Williams, William Hall John Riordan.

A Dwelling House 11, same Street - Unoccupied.

686

C. xxxix,

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

SCHEDULE — continued.

Description of Premises. Where situate. Owners. Occupiers.

Two Dwelling Houses^No. 12 and i2|-, 7 same Street 3 William Hall Charles O'Neil.

Two Dwelling Houses 13 and 14, same 7 Street $ Rev. John Gorges Patrick Kirk.

A Dwelling House 15, same Street Ditto ditto Mary Petit.

A Dwelling House 16, same Street^Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - J Jane Bell.

r William Collins, Dean and7

A Dwelling House No. 47, Kevin Street < Chapter of St. Patrick's V Cathedral - j David Drifcoll.

A Dwelling House 48, same Street Ditto ditto - - Joseph O'Brien.

A Dwelling House 49, same Street Ditto ditto - George Cluefs.

A Dwelling House No. 7, St. Patrick's f South Close 2 Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's 7 Cathedral - - - 5 William Collins.

A Dwelling House 6 j same Street Ditto ditto - -^Mr. Thomas Bourne.

A Dwelling House 5, same Street Ditto ditto - - William Maguire.

Four small Dwelling \ No. 1, 2, 3, 4, Mitre J Thomas Mathews, VicarsCho-7 William Collins.

Houses - \ Alley - 2 ml of St. Patrick's Cathedral 5

A Dwelling House 5, same -^Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's 7 Cathedral - - 5 Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House No. 5^, fame Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 6, same -^James Lyons, Vicars Choral of 7 St. Patrick's Cathedral - 3 Darby Brien.

A Dwelling House 7, same - J c Thomas Mathews, Vicars Cho- 7 ral of St. Patrick's Cathedral J Assignees of William Egan, a} Charles Smyth.

A Dwelling House St. Patrick Street < Bankrupt, Bridget Doyle, f Richard Corballes, Arch-t" John Lynch.

i deacon of Dublin - - j

A Yard Same Street Ditto ditto - Edward Kelly.

A Dwelling House Same Street c Ditto ditto Michael Frayne, Francis Han-} Edward Downey.

A Dwelling House 57, same Street? < na, Petty Canons of St. Pa-> trick's Cathedral - J Thomas Codd.

C John Byrne, Francis Hanna, }

A Dwelling House 58, same Street Petty Canons of St. Patrick's C Cathedral - - -j James Towers.

Two Dwelling Houses^59 and 60, same f Street - 2 Dean and Chapter of St. Pa- 7 trick's Cathedral - - J Mary Gorman.

A Dwelling House and > Warehouse)36, Bride Street^Edward Constable, Petty Ca-7 nons of Patrick's Cathedral 5 Win. Robinson.

A Dwelling House 37, same Street Ditto ditto - Unoccupied.

A Dwelling House 1, Cannon Street Ditto ditto Robert Tomkins.

A Dwelling House 2, same Street Ditto ditto - James Towers.

A Dwelling House 3, same Street Ditto ditto - James Towers.

Two Dwelling Houses and 5, same ? Street - £ Ditto ditto - Alex. Copeland.

A Dwelling House 6, same Street Ditto ditto - James Towers.

A Market House for? the Sale of Corn £ St Thomas Street Corporation of the City of Dublin

Cap.

57° GEO. III. C. xl.

G87

Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea.

[loth June 18x7.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 26 G. 3. c. 108.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining, amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the federal ABs passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint*Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex: And Where- 36 G. 3- c. 61. as another Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further continuing and amending the several ABs passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex: And Where- 42 G. 3. C. hxxix. as another Act was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Doubts as to certain ABs relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Goals within the Limits aforesaid, and to indemnify all Persons who have aBed in pur-fiance of any of the Provisions of the said AB: And Whereas, by virtue of the first of the said recited Acts, an Office was established within the City and Liberty of Westminster, called by the Name of the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Wef-minfer, to be managed by such Two Persons as should be nominated and appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; which Two Persons should be called by the Title of The Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, ' and continued by the last of the said recited Acts until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas, by Letters Patent under the Privy Seal of His present Majesty, respectively bearing Date the Third Day of March in the Thirty eighth Year of His Reign, and the Twenty third Day of December, in the Forty seventh Year of His Reign, His said Majesty granted to John Baker of Northumberland Street, Westminster,

6 Gentleman, and Alexander Tulloch of Saint Albans Street, Wef - minfer, Gentleman, the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and nominated and appointed them the Principal Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wef minfer,

during His Royal Will and Pleasure: And Whereas by an Act 47 G.3. Sess. 2.

passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- C*XV, M-i jesty> intituled An Act for repealing the several ABs for regulating

the

688

C-xl.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181/-

6 the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Coun-

ties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, and for making better Provision for the fame> the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore

referred to were repealed, and other Provisions and Regulations

were made for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasure-

ment and Delivery of Coals within the Limits in the said Act ' mentioned; and by the said Act it was enatted, that the said John. 4 Baker and Alexander Tullochytht Two Persons then last nominated

and appointed by His said present Majesty, and then holding and exercising the Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City*

of Westminster, should remain and continue such Principal Land 6 Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the 6 City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy e of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middle-

fexy and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, save and except he or they should die or be removed from such Office or ' Offices by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, are thereby empowered to 6 make, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then i next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the Regulations contained in the said recited Act have been found very beneficial c to the Consumers of Coals within the Limits therein com-

prised: And Whereas the Term for which the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch were continued Principal Land Coal Meters 6 as aforesaid hath nearly expired, and His Majesty has been gra-

ciously pleased that the same should be renewed in Manner herein after mentioned: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Principal Coal Meters have the Power of suspending or dif-

missing the labouring Land Coal Meters appointed by them by virtue of the said recited Act; and it is therefore expedient that such Power should be expressly given to them: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His .56 G. 3. c.xxi. c present Majesty, and by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex lying between the f Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea and the Mouth of the River Colne

near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of 1 the River Lee near Blackwall; and also within the several Parjhes

in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, adjoining to both Banks of the River Lee and the Branches thereof between the River Thames

and Edmonton, Regulations have been made for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals in all the Places adjoining the River Thames between the Mouth of the River Lee near Blackwall and the Mouth of the River Colne near Staines, ex-

cepting only the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea: And Whereas,

since the Establishment of the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, the said Parish of Saint Luke

6 CheVea hath greatly increased in Population and Buildings, and the Houses and Streets therein adjoin to and communicate with

certain

57° GEO. III.

a xi.

certain Parts of the City and Liberty of Westminster: And c Whereas the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty are liable to be greatly evaded by carrying c Coals landed in the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea into the City 6 and Liberty of Westminster; and it is apprehended that if the Regulations contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were extended to the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, they would be of great Benefit

to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and would prevent the PrO-c visions of the said A Cl of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign ' of His present Majesty from being evaded: And Whereas, in confe-6 quence of the immediate Vicinity of the said Parish of Saint Luke 1 Chelsea to the said City and Liberty of IVefminfer, the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea might with peculiar Convenience be com- prised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster .*' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Land Coal Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster shall be Meter's Office deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter's Office, for not only for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that principal Office*8 Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the said for Chelsea. several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone> and such Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, but also for the said Pari ill of Saint Luke Chelsea: Provided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Office already established under the said recited Acts in and for the City and Liberty of Westminster, there shall be an Office to be situated in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Regulations of of this Act, all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, 47 G- 3- Sess. i. Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in c.lxviii. extended the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His to e ea* present Majesty contained concerning the City and Liberty of Wef -mirfer and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, or concerning the Land Coal Meter's Office for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the principal or labouring Coal Meters belonging to the same; or concerning the Admeasurement, Sale, or Delivery of Coals, or the Sums of Money to be paid for admeasuring Coals, or the storing or ware-housing of Coals, or any other Act, matter or thing whatsoever to be done under the Provisions of the said Act, within the same City and Liberty, Places and Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and shall operate and be in force, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever as if the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea had been originally included and specified in the said several recited Acts, and comprised 57 Geo. III. Y y within

69 0

C.xl.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

within the Limits of the said L&nd Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster> and as if the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea had been specified with the said several Parishes in the said last recited Act mentioned, in all Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said Act specified, and in all Forms directed to be used thereby, together with the Names of the said City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, when and so often as the same Names occur therein, and as if the Title of this Act were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Act, in all Forms directed to be used by the said Act, in which the Title of the said recited Act is directed to be inserted, and as if the same respectively were severally and separately reenacted in this Act, in relation to the said Parish.

Tohri Baker and

III. And be it further enacted, That the said John Baker and loch*to be Prin" Alexander Tulloch, the Two Persons nominated by His said present cipal Land Coal Majesty, and now holding and exercising the Office of Principal Meters for Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, shall 'Westminster>&c. remain and continue and are hereby appointed such Principal Land and Chelsea (un- Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City the&further Term an^ liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster of 14 Years. adjoining thereto, and in the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le lone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and also within the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and for other the Purposes in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act mentioned or referred to, save and except they or either of them shall die or be removed from such Office or Offices, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, is and are ffiereby empowered to make,) from the Expiration of the Term limited by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and during the further Term of Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

His Majesty to

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case, and when and as lTodCoalnCoften as the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch, or either of Meters upon them, or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be from time to

any Vacancy. time appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty

seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be removed from his Office, or the time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, or shall die, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, then it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to nominate and appoint the same, or any other Person or Persons, as the case may happen, to be Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of such Principal Land Coal Meter, who shall be so removed, or whose time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, or who shall die or become incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, and so toties quoties, as often as any fu^h case shall happen.

57° GEO. III.

C.xL

691

V. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meters for the time being for the City and Liberty of Westminster> and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone9 and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, or either of them, may, from time to time, suspend or dismiss the Labouring Land Coal Meters appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as and when they or he shall in their or his Discretion think fit.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make such Rules and Regulations, for better securing to the Public a just Quantity and Quality of Coals, as he or they shall deem proper; and also to suspend or dismiss any Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, as and when he or they shall in his or their Discretion think fit; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, as the case may be, to appoint from time to time such or so many other fit and proper Persons as he or they may deem sufficient and necessary to perform and execute, or assist in performing and executing, the several Duties required to be performed and executed by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by the Regulations of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, by the Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, with such Salaries as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, to be paid out of the Monies which shall be lawfully collected under the said recited A.61, at the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and also for the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea; and that neither the said John Baker and Alexander Tullochy or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall have any Power or Authority to remove or dismiss any of the Persons so appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of the Commissioners appointed to execute that Office, unless expressly authorized so to do by such Lord High TYeafurer Gr Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without beinsr specially pleaded.

Y y 2 Cap>

Principal Land Coal Meters may suspend or dismiss labouring Meters.

Treasury may make Regulations, and remove, Sec. Principal and other Meters, &c.

and appoint others, and also Salaries.

Principal Meter not to remove those appointed by Treasury, unless authorized so to do.

[Public Act.]

692

C. xli — xliv.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

06 G. 3. c. 78.

Recited Act repealed.

[Public Act.]

41 G. 3. c. xcvii.

13 G. 3.c, m, 22 G. 3. c. 89.

Cap. xli.

An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in 1 the County of Kent, a certain Principal Land Coal Meter was appointed for executing the Provisions thereof, which said Principal Land Coal Meter was thereby directed and required, from time to time, to nominate and appoint a sufficient Number of labouring Land Coal Meters for the Admeasurement of Coals fold within the several Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint Alphege Greenwich^ Saint Joule's Charlton next Woolwich, Saint Mary Woolwich, Plumstead, Frith, Dartford, Stone, Swainfcombe

4 Northfleet, Gravesend and Milton next Gravesend, in the Town of ' Gravesend, and the Parish of Denton, lying contiguous to or ad*

joining the Water Side, in the said County of Kent; and certain Regulations were thereby made respecting the Vend and Delivery c of Coals fold within the same respectively: And Whereas the Regulations of the aforesaid Act have not been found to be beneficial, ' but, on the contrary thereof, have been and are inconvenient and

burthensome to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and ought to 6 be repealed: y May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same Act is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xliii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Forty fecoind Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cause-way Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same. (c) [16th June 1817.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro,

and

and other Roads communicating the rewith, in the County of Cornwall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the Ri ver there, (c) [16th June 1817.]

Cap. xl'v.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel Hoise to Eggleston Bridge, in the same Parish. (<z)

v [16th June iSty.J

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for continuing f and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of RutlandI. (a) [16th June 1817.]

[Additional Trustees.^ f [No Term mentioned, vide §1. 26.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Township of Manchester to Newton Chapel, in the Township of Newton, with a Branch to the River Medlock, in the Township of Droylsden, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (c)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Way or Passage called Old Paris Garden Lane, situate in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and disposing of the Ground and Soil thereof.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws theretofore made relating to the said Road.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (r)

[16th June 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap0

69 3

in part repealed, §

42 G. 3. c.iv.

35 G-3* c.i5*.

33G. 3. C. 90.

35 G. 3. (I.) c. 43. Term to cease, and, together with this Act, thenceforth continued for 31 Years, &c.

45 g-3- c. 43-recited.

38 G. 3. c.U.

694

C. li — lviii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

36 G 3. c. 134* repealed as to Turnpike Roads.

13 G. 3. c. 98. 35 G. 3 c. 165.

33 & 14 G03. (1.) c. 46.

40 G 3. (L) c. 37, recited.

li.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec in the Pari Hi of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Homefield Lane End in the same Parish, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road. (b.) [16th June 1817.]

[_Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee, southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk, and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County, (b)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. liib

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanjled Chapel, in the Parish of Stoughton in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1817.]

Cap. liv,

An Act for making and maintaining aTurnpike Road from the Town of Crovuland, in the County of Lincoln^ to the Town of Eyey in the County of Northampton. (a) [20th June 1817.]

Cap. lv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road" from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wroth am Heath to Maidjloney in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mere*worth to Hadlo<w in the said County, (c) [20th June 1817.]

£.Additional Trustees.']

Cap. lvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for giving further Powers to the President and Assistants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Estates.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from Water Street in the Township of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate in the Township of Manchester, all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues thereto; [27th June 1817.]

Cap.

C. lix, lx.

695

Cap. lix.

An Act for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Rolton, in the CouDty of Lancaster.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increasing the Payments to be made by Brokers.

[27th June 1817.]

4 WJ WHEREAS by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of June, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Edward the Fourth, in Consideration of the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, Part of the Monies then owing by His said Majesty to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, His said Majesty did grant to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, (among other things therein mentioned,) the Office of Gauger within the City of London: And Whereas the said Grant was afterwards confirmed*by certain other Letters Patent, respectively bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of October, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And Whereas until the Completion of the Docks authorized to be made by certain Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, which are respectively called the West India Docks, and the London Docks, the Gaugeable Liquors imported into London were accustomed to be landed within the said City, and the Gauger appointed as the Deputy of the Lord Mayor of the said City was accustomed to gauge such Liquors by virtue of the Grant contained in the aforesaid Letters Patent, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens received Profits and Revenues to a considerable Amount in respect thereof: And Whereas, upon the Alienation of the Office of Deputy Gauger by Anthony Harrison Esquire, (who succeeded his Father therein, and had held the Situation Twenty three Years and upwards,) in Favour of his Brother Nicholas Bacom Harrison Esquire, the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, wasduly appointed to the said Office of Deputy Gauger, under the 6 yearly Rent of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And Whereas previous to the Appointment of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifonr the said Office of Gauger had been exercised for upwards of a 4 Century all over the Port, of London, and it was considered that he would have the Right of gauging in the said Docks; and in consequence of the London Dock Company having disputed that Right,

the Question was tried in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench,

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, when such Right was confirmed by the Verdict of the Jury; but upon a new Trial at Bar in the said Court of King's Bench, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, granted upon the Application of the said Dock Company, it was determined that the Right of guaging did not extend to the Scites of the said Docks c And

Y y 4? 4 Whereas

3a G. 3. C. 71. recited.

Letters Patent dated 2Cth June, 18 Ed. 4. granting the Office of Gauger in London, confirmed by Letters Pa* tent, 1 8th 0<5L 14 Car. 1. and 24th J une,

16 Car. 2.

39 G. 3. c. lx in 39 sc 40 a 3. c. xlvii.

69 6

C. lx.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

1 Whereas the said Acts of Parliament require the greater Part of 6 the Liquors imported into London to be landed in the said Docks,

and in consequence thereof the said Deputy Gauger, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, have sustained considerable*Loss From the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of < Gauger within the said City of London: And Whereas the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison departed this Life on the Twenty third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen-, and Letters of Administration with his Will annexed have been granted to Charles Church out of the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And Whereas it is just and expedient that some c Compensation should be made to the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the Diminution of the Profits of the said 6 Ann. c. i6. 4 Office: And Whereas by an Act made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for repealing the Act of the First Tear of King James the First, intituled 4 4 An Act for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers f after reciting that the Office of Garbler was Part of the Revenues of the City of London, and was then let by Lease to William Stewart, under the Rent of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, the Profits of which Office and the Right of the said William Stewart to the same, by repealing the said Act, would be very much diminished it was enacted, that from and after the Determination of the then Session of Parliament, all Persons that should act as Brokers. 4 within the City of London and Liberties thereof, should from time to time be admitted so to do by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the time being, under such Restrictions and Limitations for their honest and good Behaviour as that Court should think fit and reasonable, and should upon such their Admission pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, for the Uses therein and herein after mentioned, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and should also yearly pay to the said Uses the Sum [of 4 Forty Shillings upon the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; all which Monies should in the first Place be applied for and towards the paying and satisfying to the said William Stewart the Sum of Nine hundred and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings, for a Compensation for his Interest in the said Office; and that from and after the full Payment of the said Sum of Nine hundred and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings to the said William Stewart, all the Monies arising by such Admissions and yearly Payments should go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and it was further enacted, that if any Person or Persons, from and after the Determination of the said then present Sessions of Parliament, should take upon'him to act as a Broker, or employ any other under him to a St as such Within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted as aforesaid, every such Person so offending should forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be recovered in manner therein mentioned: And Whereas a Compensation may be made to the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and

4 Citizens,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

C.lx.

697

c Citizens, for the Loss sustained by them respectively in consequence ' of the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of Gauger, by

increasing the Sums of Money to be paid by Persons hereafter to 1 be admitted to act as Brokers within the said City of London and«Liberties thereof as aforesaid; and it is expedient that the Penalty

imposed upon Persons who shall act as Brokers, not being duly

admitted as aforesaid, should be increased May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons that from and after the First Day of July next after the passing of this Act shall be admitted to act as Brokers within the City of London and Liberties thereof by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, in pursuance of the said recited Act of Parliament, shall upon such their Admission, over and above the Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being the Sum of Three Pounds, and shall also yearly pay to the said Chamberlain, over and above the yearly Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, the Sum of Three Pounds, on the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; all which Monies shall go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, subject to the Payment of such Compensation to the Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, for the Loss fullained by him in the Diminution of the Profits of his said Office as aforesaid, either in a gross Sum of Money, or by annual Sums for any Number of Years, as shall be agreed upon between the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as imposes a Penalty of Twenty five Pounds upon any Person who shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ any Person under him to act as such, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ, or cause, permit or suffer any Person or Persons to be employed with, under or for him to act as such within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Protection, Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Brokers admitted after July i, to pay the additional Sums herein mentioned.

6 Ann. c. 16. § S' repealed.

Brokers aft inn without Admission.

Pf fb L/V\ O

[Penalty.]

[Public Act.]

Cap.

C\ lxi, lxii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

69 S

Cap. lxi.

An Act to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, in the City of Westminster, Engraver to the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, [7th July 1817.]

50 G. 3. c.ccvii. 4 '\WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for main taining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and c Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey: And Whereas by the said Act the several Persons therein named, with other Persons therein described, were created a Joint Stock Company, by the

Name of The Commercial Dock Company, ' for the Purpose of

maintaining and improving a certain Dock formerly called Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premises adjoining thereto, and making other Docks, Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and e other Works, necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with Timber and other Articles in the said Act mentioned: And

Whereas by the said Act the said Company were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves for the Purposes set forth in the said Act, in addition to the Shares then already created or Sums then already subscribed for, a further Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; which additional Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already subscribed for, it was thereby enacted should form One Joint Capital Stock of the said Company: And Whereas the whole of the original Subscriptions of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds,

and also the whole of the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said Act, have been raised and expended towards the Purposes of the said Act, in the Purchase of the said Docks and other Premises, and in making

other Docks and Timber Ponds for the Reception and Discharge of Timber Ships, and the Admission and Storing of Timber, Deal, c and other Wood Goods, and in making Warehouses and other Works, and rendering the Premises lit and proper for the warehousing and bonding of Timber and other Wood Goods, and affording Security to His Majesty's Revenue: And Whereas

51 G. 3. c. Ixvi. 4 another Act was passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The. Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers of the said Act: And Whereas by the said last recited

11 4 Act

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III. C. lxii.

699

4 Act the said Company were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves, for the Purpose of improving, completing and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aqueducts, Entrances, Ways,

4 Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses and Works then already made or to be made in pursuance or by authority of the said Acts, the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, by the Creation of Two thousand six hundred additional Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and which additional Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised under the said last recited Act, upon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and the Shares then already subscribed for, making in the whole Three hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, it was thereby enacted,

should make One Joint Capital Stock of the said Company: And Whereas the said Company have raised the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised as aforesaid, by the Creation of Eight hundred new Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and have expended the Monies so raised for the Purposes of the said Acts, and in e rendering their Docks, Ponds, Works, and Premises more commodious and useful for the Trade of the Port of London, and affording Security to His Majesty's Revenue in the warehousing and bonding of Timber, Deals and other Wood Goods; and the Company have also proceeded to raise a further Sum of Money by the Creation of Two hundred and seventy-five new Shares of Fifty Pounds each, on which they have made Calls amounting to Fifty Pounds per Cent. thereon, and are proceeding to get in the whole of the said last mentioned Calls under the Provisions of the said last recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to enable the said Company to raise the Remainder of the Money so authorized to be raised as aforesaid, and more effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be amended and enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That (in case the Majority of the Proprietors of the said Docks entitled to vote, and respectively present at any Two Meetings to be specially called for the Purpose, by Notice to be inserted in the London Gazette, and also in Three of the Daily Newspapers printed or published in London, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the First of such Meetings, and the Second of such Meetings to be held Ten Days at least after the First of such Meetings, shall deem it expedient and determine to borrow at Interest, or raise by granting Annuities, the Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being so much of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as the said Company have not already raised or proceeded to raise by the Creation of additional Shares in the manner thereby prescribed, or in case they shall deem it expedient and determine to raise Part only of the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow at Interest or raise as aforesaid the Remainder thereof,) it shall be lawful

Company empowered to borrow at Interest 76, 2501.

700

C. lxii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

and secure by Mortgage.

Form of Mortgage.

lawful for the said Company to borrow and raise the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, or any Sum or Sums of Money, Part or Parts of the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and which may not be hereafter subscribed for in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, either by way of Mortgage of the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates of the said Company, or any Part thereof, together with or separately from the Rates and Charges which the said Company are by the said recited Acts or otherwise authorized or allowed to demand and take, or by Mortgage of such Rates and Charges separately from the said Estates, or by granting Annuities charged upon and to be payable out of the said Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates, or any Part thereof, together with or separately from the said Rates and Charges, or to be charged upon and payable out of the said Rates and Charges only during the natural Life of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Annuity or Annuities respectively, or during the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons to be nominated by and on the behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Survivor ship, and in such manner as the said Company shall think proper, subject to the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage so to be given as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; videlicet,

: by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign ' of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the ' Title of this Act-\, we, the ' Commercial Dock Comp'any, ' in consideration of the Sum of to

i us paid by do mortgage unto the said his, her or their Executors,

£ Administrators and Alligns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the case ' may be, -] all and singular the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premises of and belonging to the said Company, £ situate and being in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and also all and singular the Rates and Charges £ arising by virtue of Two Acts, one passed in the Fiftieth Year of £ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for main- taining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The £ Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks £ and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint c Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey; and the other passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

' intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Ware houses called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary

P.otherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers i of the said Act, [in case the Mortgage is not intended to comprise both 6 the Real Estate and Rates and Charges, or only a Part of the Real ( Estate, describe what is intended to be charged] and all the Ellate,

Right, Title and Interest of the said Company in and to the same,

6 to hold unto the said his,

her

701

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C.lxii.

her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, [of Successors ' or Assigns,] until the said Sum of

together with Interest for the same after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be

' repaid. Dated the Day of

And every such Mortgage, being executed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made, shall be entitled to the full Benefit of such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively, with Preference according to the Order and Course of Priority of their respective Securities.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Mortgages to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Company, or the Proprietors present and entitled to vote at any Two such Meetings as aforesaid, shall think fit, an Agreement by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and respective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such time or times, and upon and under such Terms, Provisions and Conditions in all Respects, (and with or without such Powers to the Directors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, with the Consent of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall so advance or lend Money on such Securities as aforesaid, or of their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to vary or alter such Terms, Provisions and Conditions,) as shall be determined upon by the Majority of such Proprietors present at such Two Meetings as aforesaid; and the Insertion of any such Agreement in any such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid, signed by any Three or more of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, shall be conclusive Evidence for the Benefit and Security of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance Money upon such Securities, and his, her and their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, that such Agreement was inferred with such Consent as is above required, and shall be binding and conclusive on the said Company.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Grant of any such Annuity as aforesaid shall be made in the Words following, or in Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

IBY virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the c Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert ( the TAie of this Att-\ We, The Commercial Dock Company, in

consideration of the Sum of to us paid by do grant unto the said

c his, her or their Executors, Administrators

and Assigns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the case may bef\ an

Annuity of to be charged upon,

6 and to be paid to the said his, her or their

( Executors,

Proviso may be inserted in Mortgages to receive the Money or a Share in the Joint Stock.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

702

C. lxii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

How to be executed.

Mortgages and Annuities to have Preference according to thofr Priorities.

Regulations as to granting Annuities,

c Executors, Administrators or Assigns, [or Successors or Assigns]

4 [/« case it is not intended to comprise all the Lands, &c. then describe only the Parcels intended to be comprised, and if the Rates and Charges are not intended to be comprised, then omit the Description]

out of the Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates of and belonging to the said Company, and on and out of the Rates and Charges arising by virtue of Two Acts, One

passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

6 intituled An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and

Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith,

all in the PariJJo of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey; and the other passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign 6 of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers of the said Act, an Annuity of to be payable to the said

6 his, her or their Executors, Administrators

4 or Assigns, \_or Successors or Assigns, as the case may be,] during the Life of or the Lives of

4 \_if more than One] and the Life of the Survivor

4 of them ['as the case may be], and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity to be paid up to the Day of the Decease of or to the Day of the Decease of the

4 Survivor of [as the case may be-\,

6 Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Grant of Annuity, being executed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the time being, being One of such Three Directors, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Purchasers of such Annuities respectively shall be entitled thereto, and to the full Benefit thereof respectively, with Preference according to the Order and Course of Priority of their respective Securities for such Annuities respectively; And in case the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid shall be raised partly by Mortgage and partly by Annuity, in such case the Mortgagees and Annuitants respectively shall be entitled to the full Benefit of their respective Securities and Assurances, with Preference according to the Order and Course of Priority of the Mortgages and Annuities respectively.

V. And for preventing any improvident Grants of Annuities under this Act, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this Act for any single Life, at any higher Rate than the following; (that is to say,) when the Age of the Annuitant, or Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed Thirty five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate

of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

c.kii.

703

of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Transcript or Copy of every such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Company; which Book or Books may be perused at all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking or other Persons interested, without Fee or Reward.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so toties quoties; and that the Alignment and Transfer shall and may be made by Indorsement on such Mortgage or Grant, and in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

' 1 in Consideration of the Sum of

c A paid by do hereby assign and transfer the within

Security, and all my Right, Title and Interest in and to the same,

' and all Benefit and Advantage to arise therefrom, unto the said ' his, [her or their] Successors, Executors, Ad-

' ministrators and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal, this c Day of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the Clerk of the said Company, who shall within Ten Days then next cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in like manner as of the original Securities; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Alignment or Transfer ill all be made, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Mortgage or

Grant,

Entries of Mortgages and Grants of Annuities to be made in the Company's Books,

Mortgages and Annuities transferrable by Indorsement.

Entries of Transfers to be made in the Company's Books,

5-7° GEO. III.

Interest and Annuities to he paid Half Yearly.

Notice to be given of paying off Mortgages.

In case any of the Sums advanced shall be paid off, the Company may again borrow the Money.

<TI G. 3. c.lxvi. §

A.D. 1817.

Grant, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom; and for the Entry of every original Mortgage or Grant, and of every such Alignment and Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Party to whom such Mortgage or Grant or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and"no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the several Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid Half Yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Dividend or Distribution among the Members of the said Company, and shall be duly provided for and set apart before such Dividend or Distribution shall be made or declared.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged save and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Six1 Calendar Months previous Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given by the said Company of their Intention to pay off and discharge the same; and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, all Interest shall cease to be paid on the Principal Sums relative to which such Notice shall have been given, unless the said Principal Sums shall not have been paid off by Default of the said Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Sums of Money which shall or may be advanced on Loan to the said Company on such Mortgages as aforesaid, shall at any time afterwards be paid off and discharged by the said Company, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Consent of Two Courts of Proprietors, to be specially called for such Purpose as hereinbefore mentioned, again to borrow or raise on Mortgage, as is hereinbefore mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole, with the Amount of the Monies then out-standing and unpaid on such Mortgages as aforesaid, and the Money which may have been raised by Grants of Annuities, the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and so toties quotas.

1 XII. And Whereas the said recited of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contains a Provision for regulating the time when the Persons who shall subscribe for the said new

Shares or any of them shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company, and also for regulating 6 the Payment of Interest in the meantime: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained as to the Meaning and Construction of such ' Provisions Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as ena6ts, that the several Persons who shall subscribe for the Two thousand six hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be raised or created, or any of them, shall not be entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company until after the Expiration of One Year, to be computed from the Day on which the said Two thousand six hundred new Shares shall be created, and that in the meantime the several Persons who shall subscribe for new Shares as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them respectively, Interest on the several Sums to be paid by

them

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. lxii. 705

them or him in respect of such new Shares, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time or times on or at which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid,

shall, as to all or any Shares hereafter to be raised or created, be and repealed as to the same is hereby repealed. future Shares.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company Company em-shall be desirous to raise, and shall hereafter raise any Part of the powered to fix Money which they are authorized to raise as aforesaid, and which now remains unraised, by the Creation of new Shares, that then and ent; tiexj to in such case it shall be lawful for such Two several General Courts profics. of Proprietors of the said Company as in the said last recited Act are mentioned, to determine'and direct the time or times when or from which all or any such new Shares hereafter to be created as aforesaid shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company, and to make all such Rules and Regulations respecting the same, and for Payment of Interest in the meantime, as to them shall seem expedient; and it shall also be lav/* ful for such Two several General Courts of Proprietors of the said Company to make, or to authorize the Directors of the said Company for the time being to make, such Allowance or Allowances, Deduction or Deductions to the Person or Persons who shall subscribe for all or any of the new Shares as aforesaid, for or in respect of Payment of the Monies to be paid for such new Shares as aforesaid before the time or times when the Instalments or Calls would become due and payable, to such Extent, or within such Limits, and with and under such Rules and Regulations, or without any such, as to the said Courts of Proprietors shall seem expedient.

XIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company are 6 authorized to fell any Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which i they might purchase under the Provisions of the said Act, and which might not be necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of the said Act; but Doubts may be entertained whether the said

Company are by the said Act empowered to fell any of the Lands,

Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to or purchased by or for the Use of the said Company previously to the passing of the said

Ad, or purchased under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty 6 first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which may not

be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to fell and dif- compaiiy pose of any Part or Parts not wanted for the Purposes of the said fell Lands not recited Acts or of this Act, not only of such Lands, Buildings or wanted for the Hereditaments as have been purchased in pursuance of the said, re- Purposes of the cited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A'

but also of any Lands which at the time of the passing of the said Act belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Use of the said Company, or which have been purchased in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all and every the Powers, Clausea and Provisions contained in the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the said Company to fell Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments not wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and relative to such Sale, shall, so far as the case will apply, extend to such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments 57 Geo. III. Z z as

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

When Pieces of Land are to be sold, the first Offer to be made to the original Proprietors.

f Sic

Diffetence respecting Price to he settled by a J ury.

Purchaser not answerable for Application of Purchase Money.

How Deed shall be executed.

as belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Use of the said Company previous to of at the Time of the passing of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which have been purchased in purfance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that the said Company before they shall sell and dispose of any of the Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments which have been purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, and not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act as aforesaid, shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased; and if such Person or Persons shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, stating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Company, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the case may be); and in fuchf case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments, and he, she or they, and the said Company shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in manner in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be taken and purchased in pursuance of the said Act; and the Money to arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments shall be applied by the said Company to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money; provided nevertheless, that as to such of the Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments which belonged to or were the Property of the said Company before or at the time of the passing of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or such as have not been purchased by the said Company under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, it shall not be necessary or requisite for the said Company to offer the same Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments to Sale to the Person or Persons respectively of or from whom they have or shall or may have purchased the same respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Court or Meeting of the said Company, or of the Proprietors thereof, shall have resolved to fell any Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to the said Company, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being (the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors for the time being being One of such Three Directors)

to

r-

707

Such Execution conclusive Evidence of Lands not being wanted,

Regulations respect'ting Memorials of Transfers, &c.

To aicertainthe Tonnage or Admeasurement of Ships coming into the Docks.

Register; and the Matter or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel is hereby required to produce such Certificate of Registry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates and Charges, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorized to collet and receive the same by the Directors of the said Company or a Quorum of them; and in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel not required to be registered, or of any Foreign Ship or Vessel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained in the manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present 26 G. 3. c. 6o. Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Shipping and §14-Navigation.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for more easily col- Collectors, &c. to iecting the said Rates and Charges, the Collector and Collectors h2Ve Accel's to thereof, and such other Person and Persons as the said Directors the

shall from time to time duly appoint in this behalf, shall at proper j^ouse.

and seasonable times have at the Custom House free Access to and Inspection of the respective Registers and Papers of all and every Ship and Ships resorting to the Port of London, on or after their Entry or Clearance at the Custom House, without any Fee or Reward for such Access and Inspection.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Col- Power to mea-lectors of any of the said Rates and Charges, or such other Person lure>&c- shiPs

Zz2 or aDdVessels

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. hdi.

to execute such Deeds and Assurances as shall be requisite to effect such Sales; and the Execution by such Three Directors as aforesaid of such Deeds and Assurances shall be full and conclusive Evidence to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, that the Hereditaments sold to him or them are not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, and of the Consent of the said Company, or of such Ordinary or Extraordinary Court or Meeting of the said Company, or of the Proprietors, to such Sale or Sales; and such Deeds and Assurances so executed as aforesaid shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully as if the said Directors were absolute Owners of the Hereditaments intended to be conveyed.

XVI. And for better regulating the Entry of any Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares in the said Stock of the said Company, be it further enacted, That no Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company shall be made and entered, until the Clerk of the said Company shall have endorsed on the Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer to the Seller, as by the said last recited Act are directed to be produced to the Clerk of the said Company for the time being as therein mentioned, a Memorandum or Declaration, signed by such Clerk, of the Transfer and Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Admeasurement of all Ships and Vessels required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of either of such Kingdoms, and trading or coming to or departing from the Port of London, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates and Charges of or for Tonnage allowed to be taken under the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship's

708

C. lxii.

57° GEO. III

A.D. 1817.

Coils of meafuv-ing, &c.

where Tonnage or Persons as the said Directors shall duly nominate and appoint in cannot be agreed that behalf and the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or upon* Command of any such Foreign Ship or Vessel, cannot agree about

and ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all convenient and reasonable times, to Hop, detain, enter into* weigh, measure and gauge the same; and in case the same shall upon such weighing, measuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than shall be then set forth and contained in the Account which shall have been given thereof, then the Mailer or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing* measuring or gauging; all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such manner, as theaid Rates and Charges are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any such Ship or Vessel shall be found to be of the same or of less Tonnage than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons respectively, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring or gauging, and shall also pay such further Damages as shall appear to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Surrey, on Oath of any credible Witness, to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, authorizing any Person or Persons to levy the Amount of such Colls, Charges and Damages, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, or of the said Company; and if any Surplus Money shall remain after Payment of such Colls, Charges and Damages, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, (to be ascertained, in case of Dispute, by any such Justice or Justices,) such Surplus Money shall be returned on Demand to the Party or Parties on whom such Distress shall be so made; and if any Mailer, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons so employed from weighing, measuring or gauging any Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, every such Mailer, Commander or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Rates and Charges.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for further preventing the Hazard and Danger of Fire within the said Docks, and on board Ships and other Vessels therein, no Person whosoever shall from and after the passing of this Act, at any time after the Hour of Four in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, or after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, smoke any Tobacco, or other Material used for smoaking, either within the said Docks, or on board any Ship or vessel in or within the said Docks, upon pain of forfeiting

for

Obstructing such Meal'urement,

& c.

[Penalty.]

Further Provision to prevent Accidents by Fire.

57° GEO. III.

Cllxii,

709

for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty not exceeding that Amount may be recovered and applied under the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases under any Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded again# any Person or Persons who is or are or shall be indebted to the said Company, or again#: whom the said Company shall or may have any Claims or Demands, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in the Employ of the said Company, who shall from time to time be in that behalf nominated and appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being to appear, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to appear and ad on behalf of the said Company in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, before the Commissioners under any Commission of Bankrupt, either personally, or by his or their Affidavit to be duly sworn and exhibited in the usual manner, in order to prove and establish any such Debt, Claim or Demand under such Commission; and every such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed shall in all such cases be admitted and allowed to make Proof or tender a Claim under any such Commission of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the said Company, in respect of the Debt or Debts, or other Demands of the said Company again#: such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like manner as any other Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in his or their own Right, might or could do in respect'of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the said Company at any Meeting of the Creditors of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat in respect of any Debt or Debts which shall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the said Company under any such Commission of Bankrupt as aforesaid, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts could or might do in respect of the Debt or Debts by him or them proved under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt.

XXII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Maje#: y it was enacted, that not less than Five of the Directors of the said Company should be a

Quorum capable of acting, and thereby empowered to-ad at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors: And Whereas it would

facilitate the Dispatch of Business if a less Number of Dir6fors were required to constitute a Quorum Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as con#: itutes not less than Five of the said Directors a Quorum capable of acting at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Three of the said Directors shall be a Quorum capable of acting, and are hereby empowered to ad at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors.

Z.z-a XXIV. And

How Debts to ba proved in case of Bankruptcy of Debtors to the Company.

50 G. 3. f.ccviv §19.

repealed.

Three of the Directors to be a Quorum.

710

C.lxii. lxiii.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Regulating the Payment of Colts of ascertaining Damages, &c.

Jury as by 50 G. 3. c. ccvii. §43-

Ex pe nets of AS how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (so far as the same are not by the said recited Act of the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or by this Act altered, varied or repealed,) and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied or repealed,) shall extend to this Act, and the several matters and things herein contained, and shall and may be exercised, applied, used and put in force as effectually for the Purposes of this Act as jf the same were herein repeated and reenacted.

XXV. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Payment of reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences in cases in which Claims may be made for any Damage which may arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Person from the making the new Docks, Basins, Ponds, Sluices,

4 Entrances and other Works authorized by the said recited Acts to be made Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case the said Company, and any Person or Persons to whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments any Damage shall arise or happen, cannot agree upon the Compensation or Satisfaction to be made for such Damage, and a Jury shall be summoned as directed in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to ascertain the Amount of such Damage, then and in such case, if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall exceed the Sum which shall previously have been offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to and have his, her or their reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by the said Company; and if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall not exceed the Sum which shall have been previously offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, then the said Company shall be entitled to and have reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by the Person or Persons to whom the Compensation shall be awarded, in the like manner as in cases of Satisfaction awarded by a Jury for the Purchase of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments under the Provisions of the said recited Acts; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed by or for the Use of the said Company, or with and out of the other Monies received or to be received by them or on account of the said Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken-to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichester Harbour, and from thence to Langstone

and

AJ). 1817.

57° GEO. III. C. lxiii — lxix.

7ii

and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunston Common, to or near the City of Chichester; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langstone, and Channels of Langstone anti Thorney.

[7th July 1817O

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Becky and extending the same to the Town of Great Driffield, in the County of York.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. lxV.

An Act for enlarging the Market Place and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, \n the County of Somerset, and for improving the said Town; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty relative thereto.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to amend and continue an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain Roads in and through the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, (r) [7 th Juh 1817.]

\One half additional Toll on Sundays, computing from Twelve o'* Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve oy Clock on Sunday Night. — 55 G. 3. c. 119. extended to this Act* §9.3

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing f and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset. (a) [7th July 1817.]

[Additional Tolls — 18 G. 3. c. 97. as to Surveyors getting Materials repealed. $23*3

f [No Term mentioned, vide §1.41. of this Act. — 18 G. 3. c. 97. is before in Part repealed by 39 G. 3. c. xxxviii. and by 39 IA 40 G. 3. c. lxi.J

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge, to the Old North Road near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge, (c) [7th July 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.3

Cap. lxix.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in South Hollandy and for continuing J and amending another Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.

[10th July 1817.]

t [A7© Term mentioned, vide §69. 94. of this Act.-\

Z z 4* Cap.

7 G. 3, 0.97.

41 G. 3. c.cxxxiv.

9 G. 3. c. 44.

36 G. 3. 0.131.

18 G. 3. c. 97.

39 3*-

c. xxxviii.

37 G. 3. c. 179. repealed as to Justices settling Disputes about Tolls, and the Charges of keeping Distxeffes.

§ 11.

33 G. 3. c. 109. 35 G. 3. c. 166.

712

C. lxx — lxxvi.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

II & 12 W. 3. c. 22.

MG.j. c. 35.3 G. 3. c. 32.

35 G. 3. c. 156.

36 G. 3. c. 148. repealed as to getting Materials, §17,

Cap. lxx.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.

[10th 1817.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty King William the Third, Tor making the River Larky alias Burn, navigable.

[10th July 1817.]

[Afew Commissioners. — Power to take new Tolls in lieu of former

Tolls.-]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th «/*//)> 1817.]

Ctfp. lxxiii.

An Act for raising Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of St. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny District, near Rhyd y Blew Housey in the County of Monmouth, (a) [10th July 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. One half Toll additional on Sunday sy computing from Twelve o' Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve o' Clock on Sunday Night.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from Macclesfield to Congleton, in the County of Chester. (r)

[ toth July 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the^Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said Asylum.

[11th July 1817.]

W7 -^REAS at a General Meeting of the Committee for ma*

' naging the Patriotic Fund, held at Lloyd's Coffee House,

in the City of London, it was resolved, that the Sum of Forty

thousand

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III. C. Ixxvi.

713

thousand Pounds Should be paid to the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum, out of the Contributions made on the Day of Thanksgiving, on their undertaking, by a Resolution of their Board,

to maintain and educate such Children of either Sex as should be recommended by the Committee for managing the said Patriotic 6 Fund, and was within the Rules of the said Royal Asylum.: And Whereas in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and six, Sixty-one thousand Pounds, Consolidated Three Pounds per c Centum Bank Annuities, were transferred by the Committee of the said Patriotic Fund to Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein,

acting for the Commissioners of the said Royal Naval Asylum

4 And Whereas the Interest upon the said Capital Sum has been permitted to accumulate: And Whereas the Commissioners for the Management of the said Royal Naval Asylum have, by a Relocation of their Board, undertaken to maintain and educate such Children of either Sex as may be recommended by the Committee for managing the said Patriotic Fund, and are within the Rules of that Institution: And Whereas doubts are entertained whether the said Commissioners can make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the said Capital Sum so transferred to the said Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein, in Trust as aforesaid,

for the Purposes of the said Charity, without the Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Commissioners the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commis- of Naval Asylum sioners of the said Royal Naval Asylum, for the time being, to make mak.e use of use of the said Accumulation, or such Part thereof as shall be from the^Pairi-thought necessary for the carrying on the benevolent Purposes of the 0tic Fund, said Institution.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially

PRIVATE

Pr. C.l — 6.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

7H

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Afis is annexed a Clause in the Form following 1

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly " authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that u a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as u Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others/'

Cap. 1.

AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Somerset.

[17th March 1817.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eris<welly in the County of Suffolk.

[29th March 1817.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the County of York.

[23d May 18J 7-J

" Allotment to Rector in lieu of Small Tithes, §28.

41 G. 3. c. 109.

2 O. 3. c. 128.

Cap. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cofton otherwise Cofion Hackett in the County of Worcester.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Aspatria, and in the several Parishes of Afpatriay Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the said Act.

' [23d May 1817.]

" Lands in Blennerhaffet exempted from Tithes, §4.

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orleton in the County of Hereford.

[23d May 1817.]

12 Cap.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 7 — 15.

715

Cap. 7-

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Burton Salmon in the Parish of Monkfrystone, in the County of York.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Willey, in the Parish of Prejleigtiy in the County of Hereford.

[23& May 1817.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for vesting part of the Settled Estates of Edward Gilbert Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parish 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Township or Liberty of Little-more, in the Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeftley, otherwise Ijfley, in the County of Oxford.

[16th June 1817.]

44 Allotment to Provost and Scholars of Oriel College and their

44 Lessee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Saint Mary the

54 Virgin, §19. Allotment to the Archdeacon of Oxford and his

44 Lessee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Teftley* §20.

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Easton on the Hill, in the County of Northampton.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Trawden, in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parish of Whalley, in the County of Lancaster.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townships or Divi- 41 G. 3. c. 109; lions of Underbarrow and Bradley field in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of John Seacomey and now held in undivided Shares in Trustees, to be sold; and forinvefting the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Xnterefts in lieu of such Shares.

[20th June 1817.]

Cap

716

Pr. C. 16 — 22.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

41 G. 3. recited.

Cap. 16.

An Act to enable the Trustees for the time being of the Charity EHates of William Hickey deceased, situate in Richmond, in the County of 1Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

[20th June 1817.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann Ftjh Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Estates devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fish Esquire.

[20th June 1817.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Ramsdown and Ltddaton Down Commons, in the Parish of Milton Abbott in the County of Devon.

[20th June 1817.]

Allotments not discharged from Tithes, §3, 8.

Cap. 19.

An Act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor in the Manor or Township of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

[20th June 1817.]

" Certain Screeds of Land as herein described fold or allotted to His Majesty, §22, 23.

Cap. 20.

c. 109* An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 1817.]

u Annual Rents in lieu of Tithes, §34. When Tithes to cease, " §38-

Cap. 21.

An Act for vesting in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Trust for Samuel Robert Gauffen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable John Lord Offulfton deceased.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Lijier Fenton Scott Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap.

57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 23 — 29.

717

Cap. 23.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Estates of Seaforth and others, situated in the County of Ross, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions which affect or may be made to affect the said entailed Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leases and Feus of Parts of the said entailed Estates.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 24.

An Act to authorize the Trustees of the deceased James Scha<w to grant Building Leases, and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Preston, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hollington, in the several Parishes of Longford and Brailsford, in the County of Derby.

[27th June 1817.]

" Allotments to Tithe Owners, &c. §18. Compensation for " Tithes of ancient Inclosures, $19, 20. Allotment in lieu of " Tithes of ancient Inclosures belonging to Persons not entitled to " Allotment of Open Lands, §22. When Tithes to cease, §23.

Allotments in lieu of Tithes feneed, &c. for Three Years at the

" Public Expence, $27. Tithe Owners not liable to Expences of

Aa, §43.

Cap. 2-6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fulbrook, in the County 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Oxford.

[27th June 1817.] recited.

Allotments in lieu of Reaorial and Vicarial Tithes, $18. Such " Allotment to be fenced at the Expence of Proprietors of the Lands subject to the Tithe, §22. Time to which Tithe Owners % c may receive Tithes, §24.

Cap. 27.

An Act to enable James Rocheid Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Inverleithy to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.

[30th June 1817.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Kent, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for an Estate in the same County, devised by the Will of Thomas Holmes.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for making a Partition of the Estates of Lojloch, Andertony Heaton, Horwich, Rumworth and Adlington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the late Henry Blundell Esquire.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap.

13

Pr. C. 30 — 34.

57° GEO. III. A.D. 1817.

4* G. ?. recited.

Cap. 30.

An Act for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell Esquire, of certain of the Settled Estates of Philip Gell Esquire, deceased, in the County of York> for other Estates in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Richard Peter IVhish Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Meefden otherwise Mijfenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gaujfen Esquire, of the Rectory House and Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Rectory, for a House and Lands in the said Parish of Meefden otherwise Mijfenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gaujfen.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and York> in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money thence arising (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 33.

An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease of certain Messuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, fttuate in the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned; and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for repairing and otherwise improving the same.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 34*

c. 109. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the Town-ships of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parishes of Staveley and Dronfield> in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

" Allotment in lieu of Tithes to the Duke of Devonshire and the " Rector of Staveley, §22.; and in lieu of a yearly Payment of " Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, §32.; to the Vicar (i of Dronfield, §23.; to William Howard, §24.; to the Duke of Portland, §31.; to the Curate of Barlow, in lieu of a yearly Payment out of Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, §33. " Manor of Barlow discharged from Tithes, §34. Proprietors not " having an Interest in the Lands inclosed equal in Value to the " Tithes of his or her other Estates, to make good the Deficiency, " §35* Fencing Tithe Allotments, §36.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 35 — 38.

719

Cap. 35.

An Act for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common Wood, 41 G. 3, c. 109. in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt otherwise Lyons, in the recited. County of Denbigh [7th July 1817.]

u Proviso for Royalties, &c. of His Majesty's Lordship of Bromfield " and Tale, §39.; and for his Rights as Lord of the Manor of Bromfield and Tale, §41.

Cap. 36.

An Act for vesting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walkden, of Charley, in the County of Chester, Yeoman, deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[icth July 1817.]

Cap. 37.

An Act to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parish of Bolton, 32 G. 3, c. 71. in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to sell and convey in Fee recited. Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reversion expectant of certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Chester, late of Sir Lifter Holte Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Esquire; and for vetting such Estates and Property in Trustees, to convey and assure the same according to the said Agreement.

[10th July 1817.]

[INDEX removed.]

